Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Bag	POS	4	this be a pretty decent product . more room than I expect , but the shoulder strap really need to go . there be absolutely nothing special about it . it could use some sort of padding on it too . the bag fit my Canon EOS ix Lite 2 lens , a flash , the owner 's manual , 5 roll of film , and I have still get room .
Bag	POS	4	what a great bag ! I have a few quibble ; as note , the inside pocket be a bit tight . the zipper tab do not seem to match the heft of the zipper . the exterior pocket flap should be a bit wider\/broader to cover the pocket and the gatemouth design seem to balk if you stuff the bag . all minor . well construct overall and every bit worth the price . a reasonably lightweight bag that hold a decent amount - of course , you 'll cram more into it than you can comfortably carry . because it be a medium\/long bag you have to balance the load - otherwise it dip - and why no shoulder pad ? I personally would not recommend the recip see w\/blade in the bag . I once trip and land on a nylon bag w \/ a jigsaw - blade in thigh - ouch ! no more . blade off all saw -lrb- except circular -rrb- and hard case for transport . I like this bag a lot .
Bag	POS	4	the picture in the catalog make the product appear bigger than it be actual size . if you think the one you want be big enough ... go bigger ! I wish I have . Quality be good .
Bag	NEG	2	look like a good product , but be clearly use and the belt be worn so I return it . Amazon will not let you exchange this product , so I order another . if it be use as well , I 'll be dissapoint . so far I have order 3 powertool on Amazon and all have be clearly use , and some missing part . I be give they one last shot . beware .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for my camcorder awhile back and it be a pretty decent bag . it be sturdy and it hold everything I need . it be decent bag if you travel light however if you be look for a bag that fit all you camcorder equipment -lrb- if you intend use for the bag be a carry case -rrb- then you be better off get something else .
Bag	NEG	2	I have recently purchase numerous Bosch tool from Amazon\/Tool Crib and I have be a life-long Bosch fan . however , I have to say that this be the very first time I have be let down by one of they product . I guess I just get a rare `` lemon '' . immediately on use it , I have problem with the `` lock-on button '' . either it would not keep the machine running , or when it do engage I could then not stop it ! it work sporadically , but usually not until I have try to disengage or engage it several time . then , after just 15 minute use sand some deck timber , a loud clatter develop . sound like a bearing problem ? this do not seem to unduly affect performance , and since I purchase the unit for this specific job , I carry on for a while . then , the rear belt wheel start to slip or disengage , like a slip clutch . the work I be do be not unduly difficult and for a period of time , the work be go like a dream , much as I be use to with Bosch tool . so finally , I just give up-extremely disappoint that I could not finish the job at hand . I have return it and I will get the 1276dv instead .
Bag	POS	5	I want to buy something for my Canon PowerShot g3 and I find it . maybe the bag be a little bit small , but it be not that bad . it can contain the camera itself , 2-3 compactflash card and spare battery . I do not think you can find a better bag for the price .
Bag	NEU	3	well ... it look bigger in the picture . be Bosch I would have expect the material to be a little more durable . it do catch 60 to 70 percent of the sawdust as advertised but you have to empty the bag often . I feel it be not worth what I pay -lrb- $ 12 and change -rrb- . six or seven dollar would be a good price for this item .
Bag	POS	4	a pleasure to use . relatively quiet . Belt track flawlessly . adequate power . can clamp upside down in a wood worker 's bench vice to use as a stationary sander . dust collector work well and be usually not in the way . Wish it come with it be own case . all in all I be very happy with the purchase .
Bag	POS	5	all my friend could say be `` be do you get that Amazon.com bag ? '' . it be very durable and a great gift idea . what else will Amazon.com sell ? thanks Amazon.com .
Bag	POS	5	we use this product in a cabinet shop and it hold up well to the daily use . Easy to use and maintain well .
Bag	POS	5	at first glance , I do not think my 20 foot 4 gauge jumper cable would even fit into this bag . but they fit without much effort and there be still room for a few thing to fit in the bag . I also fit a 20 foot extension cord in addition to the jumper cable . I also put some temporary tire repair item in there as well , all fit fine . do not take up much space and can hold quite a lot . I be satisfied with this purchase .
Bag	POS	4	a very nice little bag . hold my sharp Viewcam , extra tape , and cord . very compact and lot of cushiony foam . reccommend for small to mid-size camera or camcorder and all you little accessory . great price !
Bag	POS	4	it be perfect for my Sony comcorder , plus two or four tape , extra batery , and even ac adapter . only annoying thing be that it make this weird `` gi , gi , gi , gi . '' sound -lrb- plastic glide -rrb- when carry it around . the strap be decent , not extremely comfortable , many improvment can be make . it be just the right size , and I think it be a good buy .
Bag	NEU	3	well , actually , it be kind of ugly . it have this weird gray piping around it that -- while you can see it in the picture -- be actually much more pronounced than that , and really ugly .  safety ? I do not think so . too small . aesthetic ? Uh , no. . I think I be go to take a black magic marker to it . secondly , the internal pouch for the laptop be rather small -- my IBM 460 barely squeeze in it at all . really have to work to get it in or out . Third , it be floppy . maybe that be the way a messenger bag have to be , but , well it be a little more floppy than I want .  finally , it be expensive . I mean $ 40 ! I want something really great for that kind of money .  so , be there anything good ? sure . it be get lot of usefull little pouch and pocket , which be how I like to organize my world . it do slap comfortably across my back and stick where I want it while ride . so , I do not think it be the organizional foundation upon which I will find the rest of my life , but it be ok .
Bag	POS	5	like one reviewer state , this bag be more like a tool box than a tool bag . I have use mine to carry all sort of different gear and tool , quickly throw whatever I need for the job into the bag , hook on the shoulder strap , and head out the door . I work in a environment where I be able to have a permanent `` tool cage '' and similar rolling case to store my tool in the shop , but I often need to grab a few tool and head off to a job somewhere . this be where these bag come in . I fill they with whatever I need , and off i go . I know this sound like a task for any old bag , but these tough bag withstand the weight and beating of heavy use without flinching . I know one reviewer complain about not be able to stand up he drill , but if that be a concern to I , I would transport they in the original DeWalt hard plastic case . I be usually in such a hurry that I need something big and reliable to throw my stuff in but not so big that I can not move it . I also own one of the smaller version of this bag , the DeWalt d6050 -lrb- asin b0006jkusw -rrb- that I use for a permanent collection of basic hand tool I keep in it at all time . give the minimal price difference between the two , I could have opt for another d6100 , but the smaller model prevent I from overload it to the point where I would break before the bag ! this be a great bag for any on-the-go pro !
Bag	POS	4	it be smaller than I imagine , look at the pic , compare size to the size of the cable clamp . the zipper open it up all the way like a clam shell . it would be better if only the top open make it easier to put the cable in and out . the center divider be attach only at the bottom and have a mesh zipper pocket , and several small pocket well suit for screwdriver , which I do not need to keep with my jumper cable . just like the extension cord bag , the handle be thin and floppy compare to the bag .
Bag	POS	5	I like this bag . I have 3 of they , and love they all . strong quality . its only weak point seem to be where in connect to the shoulder strap . Seem a little weak , but have not bust yet . if it be to break , it would still be a great functional bag though .
Bag	NEG	1	this dust bag be so filmy I be afraid to handle it fear I might tear it . for 12 buck you think Bosch would spend a little more on the material . it be a insult to the ts4000 saw . shame !
Bag	POS	4	good size and shape . Easy to handle and do a much better job than my old heavy craftsman 4 '' x 21 '' po . I especially like the flat top ; even without the accessory frame you can turn this upside down and use it briefly as a bench-type sander . handle be position well for one-hand control from the back , or extra control or pressure add from the front . dust pickup be good with coarser grit belt , but diminish rapidly as you run finer and finer grits . I have the same problem as several other reviewer . the graphite platen pad on this new Bosch last only about 20 minute before self-destruct . it deposit lump of graphite -lrb- or the backing pad -rrb- on the wheel that make they bounce and shudder until I be able to scrape and clean they off . I find it hard to believe that Bosch can ignore such a well document and obvious flaw in they design . this have get to be fix in future version .
Bag	POS	5	I be shop for the Boss Tool Roll , and come across this item which let I store my always-tangled jumper cable in my truck in a tidy little container . make from very heavy-duty nylon , this have adequate room to handle a set of heavy-duty 16 ' jumper cable . the zipper be tough enough to handle the load . I be plan on buy another one to hold my tow strap !
Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander sight unseen . I be look for something that be lightweight and could be use for more than just floor . the 1274dv 6.6 amp belt sander be well make , affordable , and best of all rectangular and flat side so that it can clamp or lie on its back as a fix sander . I have have no need to make any adjustment to the belt . the dust exhaust adapter do not fit my ShopVac small hose wand , be a little too small inside diameter , but the hose itself fit over the exhaust port and work extremely well , virtually no dust . I can not speak for commercial application , but for the typical home workshop , you simply can not go wrong . I buy the sander with the case , which I highly recommend . it will hold several belt and a small extension cord .
Bag	POS	5	I want a bag to carry my camera , a Canon s2 , my battery charger , battery and other equipment and also other thing like my wallet and cosmetic item so I decide on this item . the bag be very durable and sturdy . the weather protector look a bit silly but believe I , it work ! I have have it for over 5 month and I be very happy with it .
Bag	POS	5	I have be a hobby woodworker for nearly 30 year and I admit I may not be a expert in belt sander - for year I have suffer with smaller , cheaper model . when face with a very large , rough cut wood slab to finish , I make the investment . spend a lot of time look at model , review , etc and make the choice . it have prove wonderful in every way . this be a heavy , solid machine with plenty of power - use a 40 grit belt , it be still nearly impossible to slow down and in fact , little pressure be require . my arm feel it just try to keep it from run away . the dust collection be superb . it even seem to suck in dust lay on the workpiece next to the belt . Release of the roller tension be very nice and change the belt a breeze . Belt tracking adjustment be easy and it track perfectly . for a belt sander , it be very quiet - let I say that again in case you can not hear very well from use another model - incredibly quiet . the long power cord be a real bonus , no extension cord necessary . I be happy to add this machine to my shop .
Bag	POS	5	my Coleman Cable 08662 25-foot Heavy-Duty Booster Cables , 4-gauge fit in the bag with room for other car related tool . the bag be very well make . what a great combination . I highly recommend the Bucket Boss cord bag .
Bag	POS	5	I love these bag . they be provide at the condo community I live at and now that I have move out , I have to buy they myself . though a bit expensive , they be worth it . I notice that the quality be not as good as it be 2 year ago as they make the bag thinner now , but it be still better than the other bag with its 2-ply thickness where it count . I have only use the cheaper bag once since I adopt my dog 3 year ago so I do not have a real basis for comparison , but I think Mutt Mitts be worth the money . I be surprise after I find out how much they cost that it be provide for free -lrb- well , it be include in we maintenance fee -rrb- at the condo community I move out from .
Bag	POS	4	I be not a biker but buy the bag anyways , because I need a cool , handy bag to carry my PowerBook , PDA and load of other stash .  i find it very cool indeed and pleased that my PowerBook fit snugly inside . -lrb- at time I wonder if it be design for the PowerBook -rrb-  my only qualm be that the awkard top bit of the flap fold up when u carry it . I be sure that there could be a workaround .  other than that , I love the bag . it be brilliant and it be get Amazon.com on it ! yippeeee !
Bag	NEG	2	we order this bag when we order the Garrett ace 150 detector . I wish the bag be bigger . you need to take the detector apart every time you put it away . even shorten the detector the whole way be not enough . they could have make the bag just few inch longer and it would have make the difference .
Bag	NEU	3	while I agree with the other reviewer about the clean styling and ability to turn it upside down , I would have to disagree on the dustless and durability point . after use the sander for about two month the variable speed switch have to be replace because it would no longer work . also , because the opening use to gather the dust be very thin . therefore , when you work with fibrous material , it clog very frequently . I would also like it more if it have a little more weight to it so that with very hard wood you do not have to press down . but , this can obviously work against you with the softer variety .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be a great value . it be perfect for tight area in all car or truck . Works well and be compact .
Bag	POS	5	as other have mention this bag hold a lot of gear . one of the biggest selling point for I be that be that be can be use as you second carryon on a airline . as big as it be , it be design to fit under the seat , so it count as you hand hold carry on . I have travel with it many time and never have to gate check it . it be a little tight on the commuter plane , but I have always be able to carry it on to the plane with I . generally I have two camera body and a assortment of lens , flash etc. . it have separate compartment for extra flash card and battery as well as a few other pocket useful for battery charger , note book etc. .
Bag	POS	4	the Bosch belt sander be very powerful for it be size . I build a cabinet and use it to sand the wood , very fast sand smooth out the panel perfectly . I also have patch up my ceiling and it be uneven , this sander do pretty quick work of smooth it out . the only issue I have with it be the sand belt that come with it do not seem to stay evenly place on the roller . I can adjust it but it never sit the way it show in the manual . the belt always go outwards toward the belt release lever . I be go to use this belt up and then try the 3M one I purchase , hopefully these belt be better . but overall I be pleased .
Bag	POS	5	I have a Tamrac bag that give good service for a number of year and want a larger bag . I investigate Tamrac bag at they website to be able to make comparison between product . this camera bag have plenty of space and be very well make . I do miss the opening in the old bag that could hold my 8x10 gray card , a notebook and my camera manual the partion inside be form to support you camera with lens mount and you can customize since everything be anchor with velcor strip . the bag seem very durable , and be very roomy as this be one of they larger bag . Quality at a reasonable price . : -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	I recommend this bag for anyone want protection and versatility . it fit extra item such as some cash and dl and debit card easily so on a small excursion , I do not need to carry anything else . Perfect fit for my slightly odd shaped Cannon too .
Bag	POS	5	although a seam fail shortly after start use of this toolbag , I think it be a anomaly because I have a GateMouth Longboy that have endure a lot of hard use and the replacement Jr. bag be hold up just fine . both bag be light-weight but very strong and easy to carry . I do use the pocket sew into the bag but find that a couple of inexpensive office supply store pencil box work well to orgainize and protect my smaller tool and supplies . the GateMouth line of tool bag be very good quality and I recommend it highly .
Bag	POS	4	I need a bag for my Olympus e-300 with the lens kit . and this bag do its job quite good ... they be protective and it be get few pocket around which be quite useful . I just wish if the height be lil more . with this bag I can only have both the wideangle & telephoto lens if the wideangle be fit on to the camera -lrb- not the telephoto lens -rrb- .
Bag	POS	4	just what I hope it would be . fit my heavy gauge -lrb- 10g ? x 14ft -rrb- with a little room to spare .
Bag	POS	5	sander arrive in perfect condition . the belt that come with the sander should go straight into the garbage can ! once I put a good belt on , it be very simple to adjust the tracking , and it have hold that adjustment with no issue so far . the dust bag be ok , but it can get in the way on some project . the long cord be terrific , but be careful not to let it get in the way while you be sand . noise level be pretty decent . the sander perform very well , with no tendency to gouge the workpiece . all in all , I be totally please so far .
Bag	POS	4	this camera bag be really great . really the only reason I do not give it 5 star be because it be actually a little too big . I can fit my digital camera and my video camera -lrb- and it be not even one of those new tiny one -rrb- and still have plenty of room for extra bag and card and cord , etc. . it be really great for tote it all , but if you be try to go with the bare essential , this be certainly not the bag for you .
Bag	POS	4	Sands as expect : fast and easy to control . dust collection work ok . need to blow the system out with compress air to clear a blockage , once in 2 hour of sand . I order the Bosch sa1051 sand frame to go along with this purchase . unfortunately the seller of the frame , MaxTool , not only do not have item in stock -lrb- even though they clearly specify they do have -rrb- they be not able to get one within a two week period after my order . I cancel this order .
Bag	POS	5	I have a old Craftsman belt sander before and it do not have a dust bag . it make a mess all over my workshop . I have read in several magazine about dust bag on belt sander and many of they do not do what they be suppose to do . I read the 15 review on the Amazon site and they all claim this Makita be the best . I be totally satisfy . it surely do a exceptional job at keep the saw dust in the bag .
Bag	NEU	3	for year , I carry my Canon REBEL in a flimsy camera bag and decide to upgrade to a sturdier Samsonite bag after certain feature stop function and the lens break -lrb- 35mm-28mm -rrb- due to the lack of padding and shock resistance . -lrb- I also decide to get another Samsonite Worldproof because I previously purchase a Samsonite worldproof 4.1 for a 8mm video recorder and be very happy with it . -rrb- this bag be great for my camera , although I wish there be just a bit more compartment space to store my extra film in a more protected manner , rather than the side mesh pocket . furthermore , although this house the camera decently and there be adjustable cell , I wish there be more room to allow the camera to fit in more deeply so that the camera strap can fit without have to stuff it in . there be a inside mesh\/zip\/pocket on the lid , and you can use that to store something small and\/or slim . what I will enjoy most of all be the fact that this bag be very sturdy and dirt resistant , and will be a more attractive camera case to carry . although not too ample in space , this be a good bag overall .
Bag	POS	4	the Case Logic DC70 Digital Camera and Accessory Bag be great for Olympus C-3000 , c-3040 , c-3030 and the HP c315 xi and a couple of other HP and Olympus model . however it be not big enough to room the Sony Mavicas . so dont bother get this for those .  I do have a problem with this bag and that be that it seem like the accessory on there be really stuff once you camera be place inside it . because the camera come with the usb Cable and the tv connection cable and it be hard to pack all of they in here with the camera without stuff they in ...  there be place for a battery recharger in there and a set of battery along with the compact flash card . overall this case be pretty decent although you have get to be careful not to let the case swing about from you arm and hit a wall or something . there be other website sell this a little cheaper .
Bag	POS	5	this produce exceed my expectation . 1 -rrb- powerful 2 -rrb- very effective dust collection 3 -rrb- much quieter than I expect 4 -rrb- Easy to change belt 5 -rrb- sand belt stay on track I be very happy with this tool . this be simply one of the best tool I own . it help I with my bathroom remodel project in way I do not expect .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag base on Amazon consumer recommendation and they be spot on ! excellent bag-hold everything , very secure . nice look as well and well design . very happy with it .
Bag	POS	5	I be completely excite to see this bag for sale on -lrb- ... -rrb- . I buy this same bag 8 year ago when I be commute to a cabinet shop for work . I be able to fit all of my hand tool into this seemingly little bag . it be amazing how much stuff I have be able to stuff into it ! I have be use it for a solid 8-year now with no let up in use . it have travel around the country with I tote my tool . I always over stuff it and it never complain . most of the time , it be gaping open for easy access . but if I need to close it , the heavy zipper always work . this thing be bomb proof . well , not quite , but after what I have put it through , I would rate it the best darn bag I have ever see or use . it be only problem for the manufacturer be that it be too well make . after 8 year , I do not need another one . I might just buy one now so I have a second on hand . buy this bag , you 'll love it .
Bag	POS	5	for the price , this product be great . it collect 80-90 % of the sawdust and be easy to empty . what more could you ask for ?
Bag	POS	4	buy this for my rigid table saw , would work with any saw with a 2 '' exhaust port . do not collect all the sawdust but I do not expect it to do so . probably get about 80-90 % . stop a lot of the airborne fine debris and keep anything else that escape pretty centrally located under the saw . if you can not use a vacuum , this be a very good alternative .
Bag	POS	5	I need a new gear bag to hold my new d-slr , and the lens I buy for it . the bag hold : d-slr -lrb- Pentax k2000 -rrb- 1 18-55mm 1 50-250 zoom 1 28-80mm 1 75-300 zoom Extra filter . battery . ton of digital memory card . Pentax Optio P&S; , with its charger all cable to be use w\/my laptop . sunglass . GPS Cell phone , if need there be lot of pocket that can hold a lot more stuff . I like it because it have like a double-protection security system , where everything be securely fasten with velcro strap and extra connector . I actually buy two because I be collect more lens for my camera . I be very satisfied with this gear bag . I think it offer a very secure way to stow you precious camera stuff .
Bag	POS	5	before I retire , I use one of these in my job for many year . the material for the bag be super-tough Cordura nylon . externally , the many different size pocket neatly store the most used tool for quick access , while internally , the bag have more vary size pocket on both side and on the end , keep all the tool require by electrical or mechanical tech organize and neat for ready access . the size of the bag be just right , IMO , for technician keep mechanical and electrical system in good work order . meter and other misc tool go in the center of the bag , and it be not heavy at all when fill . this bag become standard issue for all the other tech in the plant , it be fit and function perfect for we job . Quality be top notch . so it stand to reason that when I retire , I buy a new one for home use , it be a attachment I can not do without . there be a smaller one , but it be too small for the various tool and meter require by electromechanical technician , and the next size up , while have the same organizational attribute , become too heavy and bulky for people walk to problem in a manufacturing environment . it be the perfect size in we opinion .
Bag	NEG	2	I be surprise when this arrive completely empty . I read the description as Cable and tool bag , think that I be get cable and tool in a bag . no - just the bag . a bit overpriced for just a bag .
Bag	POS	5	very well design and manufacture machine . balance be near perfect , and use with one hand be comfortable and always in control . compare to a similar design sander , make by AEG , this sander be much more comfortable and better balanced . if you be a serious woodworker , this belt sander will spoil you . once you use this sander , you will not want to use a sander with a different design again .
Bag	POS	4	we love this to keep we jumper in and easy to find , and store in the truck .
Bag	POS	5	I buy the large for home and the small to keep in the car . both great bag .
Bag	POS	5	this sander be use to prepare a very large table top for my family that be make from old 8\/4x 10 ' oak . my exist wookworking equipment be not large enough for this size of lumber so I use the Makita to flatten and square the piece for assembly . it do the job I expect .
Bag	POS	5	this be the piece I be miss for my tablesaw . Works as design . nothing fancy , but do the trick !
Bag	POS	5	it probably be even more useful for a contractor ; but even for diy'er like I it save a lot of time to have all the screw , nail , bit , etc you may need at the work place and not have to run back to the shop\/garage whenever you need something not in you nail bag . it also allow you to separate they for easy identification and access . I buy two different configuration and use they routinely .
Bag	POS	5	this case be great . it fit my Canon s30 perfectly . the Tamrac 5694 case be recommend for the Canon s30 but that be really the wrong case for the Canon s30 because it be way too big . Case Logic CPS40 Koskin be really the perfect case . it fit the camera just right . the case be small and compact . it fit the camera snugly but leave just enough room to fit a media card and lens cloth . no , this case do not have any pocket or fancy compartment but in my opinion this would make the case too bulky . this case have a convenient belt loop instead a shoulder strap or strap that fit around the neck . I think the belt loop be much more practical . you do not have to worry about mistakingly leave the bag somewhere or lug it around . all and all this be a great case not just for canon but for any compact digital camera . plus the price be excellent .
Bag	POS	5	I work for year use a inexpensive belt sander with no dust collection system to speak of , at the time none have these . I want something a bit larger and test several newer model out . I find myself with a ryobus in similar design as the bosch . it be fine and I truely enjoy the balance . then I have a issue with the speed control get hot and soon it quit and off the find another brand . this time it be makita and a rather large 3 x 24 inch belt with one speed . yes it be powerful and heavy , most of the time I feel I would surely destroy anything and everything it come in contact with , one moment hesistation or lack of concentration and you find yourself with a deep grove because it tip . unbalanced side set motor , some people like these , I do not . I be all for learn to control and use a tool but I do not stand for a tool with a build in project distruct mechanism . Porter cable have a old time still in production inline giant that work very well , my father have one , just do not plug it in when on it be foot trigger lock on , face a double pane glass picture window . there be no stop it and yes it do perform a nice mid air drive very slightly slow by the force penetration of shattered glass . I leave this Makita sander for the job that need alot of fast stock removal , perhape if I be refinish a ship deck this would be the tool of choice . I be inform by the tool dealer in town this be the best sander around and it have be around for a good long time . I want a belt sander to smooth edge and a small to large surface with confidence that be all , nothing that want to drag I across the work suface at the flip of a switch . this be where the bosch come in , light and balanced , quiet and smooth , you be now in control not the tool . yes as someone else say the dust bag be not the one picture on the box , out of curiousity I phone bosch and it be politily express they have issue with static electical discharge that some people use the sander do not understand , some people must have forget simple science concept and think they be be electrically shock with a high voltage . never the less the bosch do send I one of the original bag along with it be fitting and I must say the new square bag be better . you can empty it very simply by put a shop vac nozzle to the plastic bag port and suck the contents out and even if you want to do the job right shake the bag and all come clean . no need to play with the plastic closure clip . this sander do what it be design for very very well indeed . light continue work with easily control stock removable for the finish of a fine wood project that possess flat side , not for what some find it for , clear away year of warp and splinter on some rough fashion sun deck that can comfortably seat 120 guest . for this type of industrial endevor get the big one , that be what they function be in life . if you be look for a belt sander for fine furnature work or do other work require precision and control and have always stay clear do to the fear of belt sander then the bosch be without question the one , for you ! in closing , this belt sander do last and hold up very well , I have have not one single problem with mine , it have do alot of time save work with I .
Bag	POS	4	good product , have 1 before . the only prblem be the 4inch cut in the canvas on the bottom of the bag . look like a razor cut . could of happen in shipping . bring the bag to a local shoe repairman and have a piece of leather glue and sewd to the bottom of the bag . be go to have this do any way , because the only down fall to this product be that the bottom wear away in about a year and ahalf and hole start to appear around the conner and at the base of the screw driver holeder . beside that as a a\/c repair man the bag work well and other bag on the market do not have all the pocket and screwdiver holeder on the inside . in short iwould buy this product agian .
Bag	POS	4	the Kodak bag be a nice lightweight bag that be easy to carry . I do wish that I could load my digital camcorder vertical instead of sit it horizontal . the bag would need to be a little taller for I to give it five star . it would allow I to carry my camcorder as well as my camera at the same time without sit they on top of one another . overall it be a very nice bag .
Bag	POS	5	I have now purchase 2 box of these bag . they do not rip and be very sturdy . I have a large dog and these bag work great .
Bag	POS	4	I be a hobby woodworker and just start to add to my tool collection . this be my fist belt sander and I while I do not have experience with any other sander -lrb- other than a dewault that a friend lend I to scribe a counter top in my laundry room - and it seem to work well -rrb- , I believe the Makita live up to its stellar reputation . everything just seem to work flawlessly . once you have belt adjust , it track perfectly . I understand this be the one issue that most user concern themselves with and I can not speak any more highly about it . track straight and true for sure . I be delighted with my purchase but only give it four star because for $ 200 I think it should come with a bag or case . other than that , this be a very high quality tool .
Bag	POS	5	I be a serious amateur photographer and need a base camp for all of my photography goody . this bag allow I to keep everything together and I pull from there whatever I need for whatever shoot I plan on do that day . it have ton of pocket and all of my 5 lens , filter , and lot of other stuff fit in there nicely . it close quite securely and be well padded . love it .
Bag	POS	5	just get my messenger bag and load the laptop and other `` essential '' stuff in it . I like it . quality construction and material . Enough pocket for stuff that need pocket . I , too , would like the other side of the laptop compartment pad . a divider inside the bag would be nice too . but those be nit . it be the best reasonably price messenger bag I have see .
Bag	POS	5	buy two of THESE BAGS for CHRISTMAS gift . both love the bag , one man be 52 and the other 25 . so great gift for any age .
Bag	POS	5	I use this bag to house my Dewalt D51822 clip Head Framing nailer . other have complain about how they nailer fit in this bag , but my Dewalt fit great with a little room to spare . the material be strong and do not seem like it will rip , tear , or fray easily . the zipper and other hardware ar extremely tough and will probably last a life time . the bottom of the bag be semi-rigid and offer extra protection when it be place on the ground .
Bag	POS	5	this be one thing I think be not really need but maybe nice to have . once I start use it I be amaze that it be so handy to have . screw be easy to get to , I dont have to fumble around with box , I can keep nut close to the bolt they fit . I 'll need some more of these soon
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag when I first start photograph as a hobby . it have be with I since , through the muck and filth , and have manage to protect all my equipment from the element without fail . it have plenty of space for a reasonable amount of equipment . Mine be stock with a Canon 35mm -lrb- with lens attach -rrb- , a wide angle lens , tele-zoom lens , flash , filter , and all my cleaning tool . I have not have any of the problem mention about some other bag -lrb- leak , rip , fabric knotting , zipper fail -rrb- . although I be move up to more and larger equipment , this will always be my casual shooter bag !  the only qualm I have with this bag be the shoulder strap . the strap be just a plain nylon strap with no slip prevention or shoulder padding . I believe that Samsonite might have consider -lrb- with the large capacity of this bag -rrb- provide a non-slip padded cover for the strap . long trek yield a lot of pull the bag back up on you shoulder and painful welt . thus the 4 star .
Bag	POS	4	great bag . well make . it be easy to carry cause not too wide . use it for garden tool . could be improve with little more length to accommodate longer tool -lrb- long bag be too long -rrb- . also , softer handle and no pocket on the end of inside .
Bag	NEU	3	Makita 9403 belt sander be a excellent product but my machine arrive with a few issue that buyer should look for . the plastic slide that hold the dust bag -lrb- part no. 1225629 -rrb- close come break in several place and the screw m6x25 -lrb- part no. 251815-0 -rrb- use in align the sand belt also come bent -lrb- due to poor packaging -rrb- . I be able to align the belt use a channel lock on the screw but I should have return the sander if it be not for the fact that I need the sander for a home project that come weekend no time to return it and get a new one in its place . I decide to order a new screw for the sander at $ 9 with shipping and a make myself a new clip for the dust bag from stuff around the house . the sander overall be a quality product but just watch out for these potential issue . this be the reason for my rating .
Bag	NEG	2	I take a lot of photography trip on weekend . one thing I like to do be to leave my 70-200mm or 100-400mm lens attach to the camera , on top of the photo bag in the passenger seat of the truck while I drive in rural area . if I see something of interest , I stop the truck grab the camera , get out and take some image . that be what attract I to this product . the issue with this bag be that if you have a lens with a lens hood , the lens will not fit in the compartment of the bag , and still be functional as be advertise -lrb- and as I describe above -rrb- . I have a 24-70 with lens hood , a 16-35 with lens hood , a 70-200 with lens hood , a 100-400 with lens hood , a 100mm macro with lens hood , etc. . these lens do not fit in the bag , with the hood invert , if you want to carry you camera across the top as picture . I try to make it work , and end up return the bag .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag really work great for the camera with strap , a battery or two and a memory card . that be it though do not plan on put you car key or cell phone in too it just will not work . just the camera and that be about it . but , remember it be a camera bag !
Bag	POS	5	just the right size for carry household tool from closet to where they be need . I like that it zip up and have pocket on the inside and outside . it even have a padded shoulder strap . Update 11\/2008 : I agree that thing do tend to fall out of the interior pocket . divider would make this more useful for organize small item . still give this 5 star for durability . for small tool , I now use a couple large shallow box -lrb- picture frame come in they -rrb- . keep stack in a drawer , I can more quickly see the tool I need or take the whole box to a project site .
Bag	POS	5	my husband and I use these for we dog . they be wonderful and keep hand clean . the double layer at the bottom be really nice .
Bag	POS	5	let start by say this be a powerful machine that do exactly what it be suppose to do . say that let talk about the mishap I encounter . I have 5 bird Eye maple glue up panel that I be have problem with tear out so I decide to purchase this item . all arrive on time and in perfect condition -lrb- unit have some sawdust on it as Makita always test they unit before packaging -rrb- . anyway after I open the box I immediately bring it to the shop , it come with a 80 grit belt and I feel this would be a good start point . I plug it in and turn it over to adjust the tracking and be rest it on my hip with one hand and reach for the tracking knob with the other and my sweatshirt get too close , touch the sandpaper and be immediately suck behind the belt . anyway , it happen so quick it start at the hip and run all the way up to my neck before I be able to let go of the power switch . luckily it stop before it get to my face . I have to cut off the sweatshirt and it take a hour and several cutting before I get it clear . this be one powerful well build machine as nothing happen to it , but it destroy my sweatshirt . after I get everything put back together I bring it to the shop and within 5 minute I have a perfectly flat panel ready for the random orbit sand to the fine grits . I would definitely recommend this to anyone , but do not wear loose clothing near it . I be fortunate that I be not at the table saw - a Sawstop in my future perhaps !
Bag	POS	5	I stop use my Crapsman belt sander a long time ago . it be more work than it be worth . when I run into a particularly difficult wood that even my Lie-Nielsen plane , at the highest angle and with the sharpest blade iron , could not plane without chip out , I have only two option : scraper or a belt sander . because of the amount I have to remove , I choose the belt sander . so I break down and buy a real belt sander . and now I be wonder what take em so long . while a bit heavy , it work like a charm ! and it be so fast I wish I have more project that require a belt sander . it track well . it be easy to set down on the wood without gouge it . dust collection be excellent . it be relatively quiet . change belt be easy . and it do not bog down under load .
Bag	NEG	2	not worth the price you ask ? it be only $ 11.00 . true . do not waste you $ 11.00 . instead plug a shop vac into the exhaust port of the table saw . the small exhaust port get jam easily and if that happen , forget collect any dust in the bag . if the exhaust port stay clear , then I would say I collect about 10 % of the dust produce . especially with mdf . what a mess !! I build a moble stand for the saw and folding stand so I push the whole thing out into the drive way and use it out there because of the mess it make inside the garage .  the saw be great and I be very happy with it . I give it 4 or 5 five star in my review of the saw itself . but this collection bag be pointless . save you money and spend it elsewhere .  until I get my dust collector for all my tool , I use this bag on my DeWalt 2-speed planer where it work great . I empty it frequently , but that be a planer for you .
Bag	POS	4	I agree with a previous reviewer that the dust collection system be poor . Mine keep come off and frankly , it get in the way . I beleive I have come up with a good solution . I have a porter-cable finish sander # 333v and it have a unique dust collection system . call a sand trap , it be a porus cup that work quite well , collect even the finest sanding . I purchase a spare cup for -lrb- $ $ $ -rrb- and mount it on the 1274 with a 1 inch piece of plastic tubing and a clamp . it seem to work perfectly . I 'll advise after I use it a month or so . you can buy the sand trap from Porter Cable direct by call technical service list on they web site .
Bag	POS	5	very nice sander . variable speed , very stable belt tracking , quiet . only negative be that it do not come with its own case , and for the price it really should . these belt dander get pretty dirty , and for outside job extra belt be often need so a case would be nice . the belt tracking need only a initial adjustment for the first belt - very nice . it appear quite well build .
Bag	POS	5	Works great and construct well . my jumper cable coil up inside nicely and be no longer a tangled mess on the floor of my truck . it fit behind the seat next to my Bucket Boss Tool Roll -lrb- another problem solver -rrb- where I keep my tool set .
Bag	POS	5	I spend the last few day buy sander and take they back -lrb- 2 actually -rrb- . one be a porter and cable 3x21 . this seem to be a well build sander except the dust collection system be very flaw . I have more dust fly than go into the bag . then I get the heavy duty DeWalt . this be a heavy brute . I find the top front wheel create a vibration every so often that the sander seem to hop and create tiger stripe on the work . it also require a lot of energy bto hold it down . even tghough the dust collector seem to be one of the best , I find a lot of dust all over the bag . I do not know if the bag fabric 's hole be allow the dust to escape or create static electricity to attract dust . even though the bag collect the dust , it seem the sander blow a whole heap of dust around . when in a tight corner and I tip the front to extend the reach , it seem to bite the work . it seem to go through a lot of sand belt with little to show for it . then I buy this baby . . very light and require very little effort to hold it on the work -lrb- always fight with the DeWalt -rrb- . the way this be design , there seem to be very little dust outside the bag and even then , there be no vent hole to blow it all around . the collection system work great and there be even a little attachment so I can hook up a shop-vap with a small hose . the sand belt seem to last twice as long as the DeWalt -lrb- do not know why this be so -rrb- . the sand seem to be far more efficient than the other sander I try and return . the icing on the cake be a accessory to hold the sander like a table sander .
Bag	POS	5	I have be use the dust bag for a week now and it work . be it a dust elimination system , no. . but it do cut down on my clean up by 95 % . not bad for a $ 13 item . I could not see run my table see without it .
Bag	POS	5	we have be use this product for year and love the convenience and efficiency of this item . the heavy plastic protect you hand , and the bag size be large enough that you can tie a knot in the end to seal the bag until it be dispose in a garbage receptacle . pick up after you pet be quick and easy with Mutt Mitts .
Bag	POS	4	lowepro do it again . be a former photo-journalist for the magazine `` Ebony , '' I always have to be on the run with my camera , and have to be ready . Lowepro have always be a reliable , affordable , attractive producer of bag , and the Nova Mini be no exception . if you only have a small camera with little film , get it ! I be tell you , especially when you do not want to be lug around a camera bag the size of a suitcase -lrb- trust I , take a plane and argue with the flight attendant if you bag be too big or not to have to put into storage be a hassle and a half ! -rrb- . Lowepro ... a name you can trust !
Bag	POS	5	when I first receive this case , the sheer size of the packaging throw I off - feel like it be another piece of check-in luggage ! however , have use it for a few week for my slr -lrb- Nikon D-80 -rrb- , the case actually do a perfect job of protect the camera , lens , and other accessory . any smaller and I think it would have be non-functional for my camera . the availability of pocket pretty much all over help store accessory . overall I really like this case and I know my camera and lens be secure in it .
Bag	POS	5	a great bag for a small-mid size digital camera . I have the Olympus d-490 zoom and it fit perfectly . the additional pouch hold my extra battery and memory card safely . Pretty sturdy construction and well padded for any accidental bump the camera may take . it be well make and you have a choice of wear the bag on you belt or use the shoulder strap . Compact and look great .
Bag	POS	5	I would recommend these bag because they be easy to use and seem very sanitary . I only thing I would suggest be a small pocket or container to keep they in while walk .
Bag	NEU	3	a decent light-duty sander for the price , it have some problem but also some nice feature . I like that the sander hit the right mark on weight . I do not have to press on it at all , nor should one press on a belt sander anyway . I like that it have a 6-foot long power cord . that be about 3 foot longer than on most power tool these day . I like that I can turn the sander upside-down , a very nice feature . Belt change be simple as be adjust the belt tracking . there be attachment which can be purchase to enhance the upside-down experience . they be ridiculously expensive . a crafty person can improvise this with various shop equipment -lrb- think clamp -rrb- , thanks to the sander 's flat top . why do I need to use a tool to remove the front handle ? the graphite pad , supposedly a feature , self-destruct quickly . seriously , that pad need replacement after every hour of sand . it be the worst aspect of this sander . if you buy this sander , get some pad because you will need they . if you only run the machine for a few minute at a time , and the pad have a few more minute to cool between use , you might get better result . the wobbly variable speed dial feel cheap . I be not sure it will last long enough to go out of warranty . it take some head-scratching and read to understand how that dial work . it be not very well marked and it be confuse to find which mark the hard-to-read number be suppose to be set against . as it turn out in use , the number mean little since the sander 's speed only vary within the just-short-of-fast to way-too-fast range . I use the sander with my Shop-Vac attach so I can not speak for the bag attachment . I be assume it be a upgrade version since it be nothing like the bag show in the product photo . with my Shop-Vac , it seem all the dust be suck up so I do like that . I do notice that the instruction address a different type of dust bag and fitting than be provide with the sander . not a big deal , but it make one wonder why Bosch can not be bother to update they literature . I like the sander . it will work for I as a light duty machine . just keep you eye on that pad .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be everthe it be advertise to be . . very secure , lot of compartment and well build . I recommend this bag whole heartedly .
Bag	POS	5	great video bag . Interior have a nice divder for store cam on one side and supplies , tape , power pack on the other . have a cool front pocket for those of we that always need a \* little \* more room for store something .  the whole bag seem to absorb shock with the foam-like padding . I also like the lid which hang over a little so thing dont fall out and dirt do not get in .
Bag	POS	4	this be a excellent bag for hiker or cyclist who want to travel light but wish to be able to bring along a minus camcoder or camera for those photo moment . the compartment be big enough to hold you camcorder , spare battery and a few filter for you camcorder .
Bag	NEU	3	the bag be easy to install , but only collect about 50 % of the dust collect . a shop vac might do better , but not too much better .
Bag	POS	5	my  Coleman Cable 08862 25-foot Ultra-Heavy-Duty Truck and Auto Battery Booster Cables , 2-gauge  I 'll admit it , it be a snug fit and you have to roll up you cable nice and neat to get they to fit and there be not much room leave over . there be zero room leave over with large jumper cable in the bag . the only thing I have in there be the jumper cable and a laminated large print 8.5 x11 instruction sheet on how to use they . that say , if you can get my 25 foot , 2gauge jumper cable into this bag , you can probably fit almost any other set of jumper cable into this bag . the bag be well construct , with nice zipper and good sturdy handle . it really make lug around jumper cable a tidy affair . I highly recommend you have a bag like this for you jumper cable , particularly if you cable be large for a variety of reason : a -rrb- keep they neat b -rrb- make more room for other stuff c -rrb- keep the insulation of cable from get rough up d -rrb- one tidy package if you need to grab it and walk I can not find many con to this bag . it be nice and the price be right too !
Bag	POS	5	the ergonomics of this bag fit everyone 's need the pouch hold everything video . this be great !
Bag	POS	5	I have own about 12 toolbag in the past 5 year . my Bucket Boss junior -lrb- smaller -rrb- size be a great bag , and for a larger bag I have own several different manufacturer . however , I want to consolidate my tool and go look for a larger Bucket Boss . I be thrill to have find this one . this bag be sturdy , with great outside pocket and a lot of inside pocket too . I jam my tool in there stand up ... on the wall of the bag ... like a needle nose , screwdriver , and chisel , and the bag have not rip nor tear . the handle be a big padded to make carry it easier too . every other bag I have have have have some drawback - one thing that make it suboptimal . this bag truly have it all and I hope they be still make they in 20 year which be how long I think it 'll be before I need to replace it . the only 1 thing I would recommend be that they rivet some small metal `` foot '' onto the bottom of the bag , to rise it about a quarter or half inch off the ground , so that if you set it down on wet or dirty ground , the bottom will not get wet . PS - it be large enough to hold basically every tool I need for a household job , include a 16v drill and case of drill bit .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this after read review post and see where the Bostitch n-88 would fit in this bag , it do but its a little tight . the bag be of very nice quality and have a very heavy duty zipper . it come with a shoulder strap and two handle to carry by hand -lrb- I be surprised it do not have the velcro strap that will keep the handle togeather . the picture be a little misleading though , from the picture it look as if it have a stiff bottom and wil sit upright , well I be here to tell you it wont ! I think the photographer fill the bag with lightweight foam when this picture be take , not a frame gun . all and all I be happy with it , I just wish it be a tad bigger and the bottom be more riggid .
Bag	POS	5	I order these for all of the Supervisor vehicle in use by we emergency medical service . after seven year they be still in great shape . the one that I order from Amazon be a personal purchase for myself . I know that it will do the job and last a long time .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be very well make and be a good size . some of the pocket on the inside could be a little larger , or maybe a divider could have be add , but overall most people will really like the amount of stuff that you can pack in this bag .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy this bag think that I could get my 40d with a 28-70mm zoom mount -lrb- with lens hood -rrb- and then my other 3 lens into the bag . it turn out I could not include my 170-500 Sigma lens . I put it back in its original bag and hook that bag to this bag . I have to take out just about all of the divider as they come . I be able to get my camera with the lens -lrb- no hood -rrb- and the battery grip into the bag , my 70-200 canon l lens , my flash and my 100mm macro Sigma lens into the main compartment . the three lens hood be all just lay on top . the other pocket and such be fine . I be just very disappointed with the room of the bag inside . I think from now on I will have to go to a brick and mortar store to see the product and buy it there .
Bag	NEG	2	I be hope for something that would hold the jumper cable compactly , but this bag be much bigger than need be . and it do not look like the picture . I think I 'll return it for those reason .
Bag	NEG	2	too small
Bag	POS	5	what a great buy ! this bag work great for either a digital still camera or mini camcorder . I purchase the Lowepro 40aw after research they on the internet and check out the lowepro site . I originally buy the 40 aw to use with my Toshiba PDR M-5 Digital still Camera . I could fit either the still camera and all the accessory -- cable , filter , you name it , or my Canon zr10 with \* almost \* all the gear . but I love it so much I buy this bag too -- Lowepro Digital beltpack AW -- for the zr10 . they be high quality camera bag and the Digital variety come with a special lining that will not scratch sensitive lcd screen ! lot of extra little pocket for tape , smart card , cable , and charger too . the outside be soft yet rugged and well construct . I think my high dollar digital camera investment feel safe and sound in this great camera bag !
Bag	POS	4	the shipment be receive in time and be nicely pack . this be a good bag and be small . the build quality be good and I use this to carry tool when I go for long drive . overall the bag be good but when I check similar bag in store those be little less price with similar quality as compare to this . but overall it be a good bag .
Bag	POS	5	-lrb- this be a update to the review I post below . after several month of use , I be have a problem with the waste port ... the path that clear the dust from the surface to the bag . basically , it be get clogged and while this do not prevent the sander from work , it do prevent dust collection . clean the port be a pain , I have to disassemble the motor cover and use a very small screwdriver to push the clog out . -rrb-  i really like this sander , but I can not comment on long term durability as I have only use it for about a month . nonetheless , Bosch 's reputation for build high quality power tool be pretty solid .  the belt alignment on this be pretty much maintenance free , I have not have to adjust it yet . the overall design be outstanding , easy to use with one hand when you need to , and have good grip for when you need to bear down .  the other aspect of the design that be top be that you can easily get into tight spot . the motor housing do not extend past the right side of the sander . the variable speed switch be nice , and it have a wheel to modulate the top speed -lrb- a higher speed would be nice , I think this be 1,400 feet\/sec -rrb- .  the sander really be `` almost dust free '' , just depend on what you be sand . the dust bag be the only negative , it be small and need to be empty a lot . but after look at it , it probably would not be a big deal to retrofit another bag .  Bosch 's 4x24 sander be also really nice , but it weigh 14 lb . the 3x21 sander be perfect for most job .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase the Makita 9903 belt sander to remove paint from my home that I be repaint . I be totally happy with my purchase . the variable speed control and the belt tracking be perfect . I have a old Sears belt sander that do not compare to the Makita .
Bag	NEU	3	it be realy a nice bag however it to small for every thing to fit in if you have load of accesory to fit in
Bag	POS	5	this be a sturdy bag that be huge ! I buy it for long tool and this fit the bill . all construction be durable and the only plastic be the zipper-all other part be metal . six big pocket on the outside and 9 slit pocket on one side of the inside with divider -lrb- w\/velcro fastener -rrb- . great product that should be make in America .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great all around bag for the average ameture photographer . lot of room for a body and up to a 300 mm lens .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be a necessity when travel with you camera . I own a Canon a620 , and it fit snugly in this carry case . there be just enough room leave to store a case of 4 battery , though it be a tad on the tight side . a nice little pouch be include to hold a extra memory card , useful for those who travel with more than one . my only gripe with this bag be that the neck strap be not quite long enough . it would be great if it be a foot or more longer , make it easier for I to wear it across my torso , rather than simply hang it over my shoulder .
Bag	POS	5	the basic design of this tool be genius . it can be hold in one hand , set upside down on a table to use as a sand belt . I have be use this model since the mid 80 's for finish construction and cabinet making . this be my third one . I do not think that I could ever go back to the other style of belt sander .  Bosch 1274dv 6.6 amp 3-inch by 21-inch variable speed In-Line Belt Sander with Cloth dust bag
Bag	POS	5	I get my sander this past Monday ... I can not keep my hand off it ! it be already set up with 80 grit ... all I have to do be place the collection bag on top and plug it it . she run so quietly yet be so strong . the dust collection be wonderful , there be virtually no dust in the air ... or on the wood . I have be reclaim some 4x10 pine beam that be totally destroy by sun and moisture and have be wait for something like this sander to come along for the past 10 year . I change from the 80 to 60 grit ... and could not be happier ! I be use to my Craftsman 21x3 which be so loud you need ear muff and be so difficult to change belt that you avoid it like the plague . this Makita be just the opposite , quiet and belt change be as easy as pie . I just wish I buy this a long time ago !
Bag	NEU	3	I look long and hard before decide on the Tamrac pro 8 . I receive my bag a little over a month ago and until last night I be pretty much satisfied with it . the division system be a bit hard to get use to but you can rearrange it since the wall be velcro . it be important to point out that with the default configuration you will be stack lens . the lens on the bottom row will be cover with a velcro pad and not easily accessible . I will point out that after come to a setup I could work with I have a nice amount of velcro debris in the bottom that I end up vacuum out , you will want to do the same so those bugger can not make it into you gear . I mention I be more or less satisfied until last night . a trident on one of the quick snap buckle break off . I be more careful than most with my gear so if the bag be already break down with light use I be a bit worried about the long term implication here . Tamrac have a 5 year warranty on they bag but the caveat be you must pay shipping each way and they quote at least a two week turn around . there be plenty of other snap so I 'll hold off on get it service for now . it be nice to know that if it degrade any further I can have it repair or replace for the cost of shipping both way .
Bag	POS	5	I need to resurface a cupped and warped porch deck , a bigger job than my pc rotary sander could handle . I decide on this sander . I initially buy a Ryobi from Home Depot figure I would not need to use it a lot , but then return it unopened after I picture myself use a break down crappy tool in a couple year . after read many review I decide on this sander . I be really happy I pay $ -lrb- ... -rrb- buck more for a much higher quality tool . track be perfect . power be very good . dust collection be UNBELIEVABLE ! after a few minute on the porch I realize there be not any sawdust , yet the paint be come up . a few more minute and I check the bag ... the bag be nearly half full ! it capture almost everything ! I love this sander ! this be one of those tool that you will be happy you spend a little more money on and you will use for many year to come .
Bag	POS	5	this tool replace a belt sander by Black and Decker that be buy in 1975 . when it totally die recently , I go to my favorite tool maker , Makita . the specification on this sander be good , the price be better than most other , and the review be excellent . my only misgiving be that it be heavy . I have a wood carve and sculpture business and most of the work could be do with something smaller .
Bag	NEG	1	Miss lead title of product . the product do not come with jumper cable . though it clearly state Cable and Tool Bag . the title should say Cable\/tool Bag . they be advertise thief ... read the fine print I guess !!! mother f'er !!!
Bag	POS	4	nice bag . I have have good luck with Case Logic . they seem to be about the best they be , at a fair price .
Bag	POS	5	Alright , it be just a bag , but it be a great bag for the Olympus 3000 . it have room for everything I need for the camera . the camera itself , battery charger , a extra set of battery , a couple of extra media card , the accessory cord for download . all this fit into the bag very securely , without everything banging into each other , because of the pocket divider .  the bag be not too bulky , rather compact with padding . the zipper function very well . the pocket design such that I do not have to worry about thing fall out . overall , a very good bag to take along with the camera and recharge supplies .
Bag	POS	4	I use this bag to store a tow rope in my pickup . I like the material it be make of and feel like it will wear really well . would like to buy another some day because it can be useful in store any number of item .
Bag	POS	5	I love power ! this tool deliver boat load of it . but you know what ? it do not sound like it . I be never able to use a belt sander before without earplug . this one run at only 84 db . it be the quietest on the market . it be also the smoothest I have use . I have use all of the 4x24 sander and the Makita just seem to do more work faster . maybe it be the fact that it have the highest speed of any , maybe it be the high tech , powerful motor , the efficient drive train . whatever it be , it kick butt . the dust collection system be also top notch . for small job and fine work , I prefer my Bosch 1274 dv . it be much lighter , compact and easy to control . for extend use or heavy sand though , you can not beat this tool .
Bag	POS	4	have now own this sander for several month I be not as happy as I have be . you have to be extremely careful when use this with a sand pad . if you catch the pad -lrb- even lightly -rrb- you ruin the sander 's ability to track . I have send it in for repair once already and have to do so again . the sander be not nearly as durable as I have hope and I be very careful with my tool . I recently buy a Makita which I find to be a much better sander . I have be generally happy with the purchase of this belt sander . I have find the variable speed to be a nice feature and power be not lack . the base plate be not cast aluminum but the graphite platten plate appear to work fine at reduce heat buildup so I be not too worried about warp . the cloth bag be not as show in the photo , view the part diagram for this sander on the Bosch web page explain the change . the dust collection work well provide the duct remain clean -lrb- mine packed full within a few minute of sand pine at 50-grit -rrb- I have to completely take apart the sander to clean out the duct but it appear to work well now .
Bag	POS	5	I have have this sander for about a year now and be very pleased with it . it have perform excellently from fine sand for refinish door to rough sanding of plywood . the variable speed feature come in handy , especially for the fine sanding work . Belt change and track be a breeze . be able to flip it upside down onto its flat top give it some double-duty use as a tabletop sander . as well , be able to remove the front handle give better access in tight area . the dust collection bag be , however , worthless and you should just expect not to use it . either hook it up to a dust collection system or leave it open and make sure it point away from you . a carry case be not include , but would have be nice . overall , though , a very nice sander for the price and I would recommend it to anyone .
Bag	POS	5	nice leather ! really soft ! even so you use DSLR , you can place it easyly . I love it !!
Bag	POS	5	a excellent tool bag for my pneumatic gun . well make at a affordable price . I have use it for over a year , no problem .
Bag	NEG	2	my first project with this tool be ~ 64 sq. ft. of peel deck plank . I break or shred 3 belt in the process and the handle get very hot . by the end the graphite pad have worn badly and also leave a number of black mark on my deck . my old Dewalt 430 have none of these problem on the same type of deck . also the sander do not seem wide enough . a new belt stick out about 1\/8 '' over the side and tracking adjustment do not help . maybe this be why belt fail so fast . if I have buy this at Lowes I would already have take it back . on the positive side it be light and compact and the dust collection work well . it be just not up to the abuse I need to be able to give a sander .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this Bosch belt sander to sand base board and other trim . the wood be all yellow Pine so far . I like the smooth running of the belt and the sander do not seem to work hard . I will be sand Oak trim in the future and that might work the sander , if it do not work as well on Oak I 'll be post another opinion . my only complaint be the power trigger be located such that when you pick up the tool you finger depress the trigger and so start the sander . of course I have learn to allow for this and now I do not pick it up as I would other power tool . oh ... I own other Bosch power tool , router , power hand see , and find they to be well make too . oh I purchase the the fence and stand for the sander , well worth the money . I look forward to use this sander for year to come . Larry
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag as a gift for a friend who need one badly . I choose this one because of the color and the fact that it have a full zipper enclosure to keep dirt out . this camera bag be just big enough to fit a sony alpha with kit lens and sony 's telephoto lens which be rather compact . to get both of they in there one of the padded insert have to be remove . the smaller pocket provide enough room for a spare battery , cable , lens cloth and filter .
Bag	NEU	3	I receive my new dc70 case Logic Digital Camera Bag , along with my Nikon 3500 camera and be disappoint not have the padded divider along with the bag . I do not want to return the entire bag but have be frustate at find a way to communicate with Amazon.com to find out it they can replace the divider .
Bag	POS	5	I absolutely love my lowepro d-re 50 all Weather bag ! I use it on every camping and hike trip I take , include a week-long trip to Colorado 's Rocky Mountain National Park . the all weather cover be a must for outdoors enthusiast , do a superb job of keep drizzle , rain or sleet off you delicate camera equipment . the cover dry quickly after use , and stuff back into the bag ready for the next use .  the d-re 50 be larger than its cousin , the d-re 30 , and this be a key issue for I because I also take my Casio Cassiopeia e-115 on hiking and camping trip to take trail and birding note , record bird song for later identification , etc. . I have find that the d-re 50 comfortably hold both my Kodak dc-265 digital camera , 4-8 spare aa battery , Kodak lens adapter & one lens , spare CompactFlash card and my Casio Cassiopeia in its Rhinoskin case without cramp anything and still allow I to zip the d-re bag close . I have do this for a year now with no sign of strain to the d-re 50 and no damage whatsoever to the delicate equipment I carry inside it .  the d-re have a belt loop for carry it on you waist , a handle for casual carrying , and a adjustable shoulder strap . I can comfortably carry the d-re 50 on my shoulder while wear a loaded pack , simply by adjust the d-res shoulder strap and place it under my pack strap to prevent slide . that way my digital camera and pda be always within easy reach without remove my pack and fumble around for the proper gear .  i highly recommend this bag , and the entire Lowepro all weather line of bag , to anyone who enjoy the outdoors and want to take they delicate gear with they to capture memory .
Bag	POS	4	Super bag for carry a digital camera ! it have a great soft lining on the inside to keep the precious lcd screen from scratch . it have a very durable outer material , and two zipper that be reasonably easy to pull . the bag have a ajustable velcro divider for the back or bigger pocket -lrb- that be the width of the bag -rrb- . in the front portion of the bag be two laminated mesh pocket . each pocket be the perfect width for 4 aa battery . this be very useful for keep a couple spare set on hand . in the back pocket , I use the divider to keep my camera seperate from my other material . when I buy this bag , I also buy the Lowepro memory wallet , which have two laminated pocket perfect for smartmedium or compactflash , and one mesh pocket that be again perfect for 4 aa battery . I stick the memory wallet in the other half of the back pocket . this let I take the bag with I , but keep my memory tuck away and safe , and also if I leave my bag somewhere , and I need to keep extra stuff in a pocket , I just take the wallet with I . this keep a fresh pair of battery and extra memory with I at all time . you could also keep a battery charger in the back pocket if you do not have a memory wallet . but this bag if you have a semi-compact digital cam ! this be one of the most important accesory that I buy for my cam . also , with this bag come a removeable shoulder strap . it even have it be own all weather hood to keep the bag dry ! it pull out from the bottom of the back of the bag and be safely velcro would in until you pull it out . great feature and keep up the good work lowepro !
Bag	NEG	1	this thing be 100 % useless ! it hardly collect any dust at all , and what be worse be that it cause the dust tube on the saw to clog up , thereby cause the blade `` well '' to clog up and spit dust back in my face . not cool ! I throw it in the trash .
Bag	POS	5	this be a excellent bag when you want to carry around you small digital camcorder . I have a elura2 MC and I be able to carry the camcorder , a wideangle lens , a spare 2 hr battery , and extra multimedia card . base on my experience it should be able to carry some of the smallest Sony 's and JVC camcorder too . excellent quality and the weatherproof cover be a bonus .
Bag	POS	4	awesome tool bag . perfect size for drill and other tool that I prefer to carry . Heavy , durable canvas and no problem w\/zipper as other reviewer have claim . only downfall be that bottom of bag will sag - use 2 piece of cardboard wrap in duct tape to keep from sag .
Bag	POS	5	the tool bag be a bit larger than I expect and be make of good material . all in all a good product . even smell like a tool bag when it arrive . have a hard bottom with pocket inside and out . more that enough . there be also a should strap include and it be not to long , just at waist level . Pleasent surprise .
Bag	POS	5	we buy several of these bag and fill they with booster cable , various tool , glove , lead flashlight , map , etc. and give they as gift . everyone love they . we have receive many compliment on this idea as a gift . the bag be very well make and the storage compartment for tool and additional item be perfect . the design be well think out and the quality be impressive . thank you to the designer .
Bag	POS	5	I just want to say that this be a great bag for school and everything else . I go to college and this type of bag everyone have . it be the new style , jansport be out and the 1 strap bag be in .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be as good as it get . incredible quality and protection for my Nikons . would recommend this bag to anyone .
Bag	POS	5	great camera bag . allow I to carry two camera body with grip , wide assortment of lens , filter and stuff all in one bag . of course it get heavy , but if you need to carry a bunch of equipment , this be a great camera bag .
Bag	POS	5	the bag 's very , very nice and absolutely great for biking around with . these messenger bag be much better than backpack because they do not put any direct weight on you spine when you be biking .  great feature of the Amazon.com bag : a waist strap prevent slippage , a comfy shoulder pad , plenty to room for all you stuff without be too bulky , a pocket for cellphone\/pens , a really nifty internal laptop compartment which you can also use to store file , a external net pocket to stash a water bottle or any other small item , and nice safety feature - 2 reflective strip and a loop for you safety blinker light .  a word of caution about the two reflective safety strip . Becasue they be secure by detachable clip , do be careful when fiddle to open or close the bag - you may indavertantly unfasten the wrong clip and lose the reflective strip . to ensure that this do not happen you could tape up these clip .  aside from this minor point , this be a great bag . get it !
Bag	POS	5	if you have be think about get this bag , but hesitate because of price . get it ! you will not be disappoint .  at first I think it might be too small for my need . but the size be just right . I have be able to fit a cordless drill , reciprocate saw , jig see , two battery , charger , hammer , 12x12 box of bit and plenty more . if they have make it any bigger you would probably stick more in it and not be able to carry it around .  I would consider it more a `` toolbox bag '' than a `` tool bag '' . it be very firm and stand on its own without any tool in it . to say it be `` heavy duty '' may be a understatement . the quality be top-notch . Tool bag be wimpy . this be definitely not wimpy .  Well worth the money , imho .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this Bosch at the beginning of a major remodeling project to replace a tired , 30 year old ... sander . I have not be disappoint .  for two year I fnish molding , level countertop , strip old paint , sand out difficult flooring stain and bevelled edge with it , and it be still run like new . it be light enough to use all day , the belt never need adjust or wander off , and the variable speed feature make it easy to set it for the job at hand . and the dustcatcher really work . a excellent choice for the pro or handyman .
Bag	NEG	2	while it be pretty light , this model just have too many design issue to be worth the premium lifestyle brand price . for starter , the dust bag be awful and the sander would be better off without it . there be absolutely nothing on either the dust port or the bag itself that be capable of create a seal , so you invariably end up with a steady stream of dust shooting right into you face no matter how much you tighten that little screw . odds be good that port 's go to clog up on you in a big hurry , too . next up be the tension release lever -- it be plastic . not that ultra sturdy kind of plastic they make milk crate and flight case out of that last forever , but the cheap kind that go brittle as it outgas . in this price range , I expect to get a tool that be go to last several year , but this be one part that be very obviously go to break much sooner than that . frankly , it feel like it be go to snap off every time you use it . then there be the little graphite pad they put over the platen . this wear down very , very quickly and you be go to have to special order replacement . what be worse be that 3 '' belt do not quite cover the entire thing , so after about 10 minute worth of usage you 'll have wear a groove into it that leave you with a 1\/8 '' strip on the side sit flush with the belt itself . can you say ugly black streak everywhere ? I know that you could . lastly , the handle bug I . there be no good way to pick this thing up -lrb- or set it down -rrb- without accidentally bump the trigger . I have no doubt that this would have eventually result in something very bad happen have I decide to keep it . if it be maybe half the current price , I would consider it a viable contender as I do like the weight , the flat platen , and the flat top , but I be go to have to go with the Makita on this one . if plastic and `` good enough '' performance be you cup of tea , Ryobi 's even cheaper .
Bag	POS	4	look ok especially for the price . could be little bit smaller for my Pentax k100 since I do not carry all gear with I . but other bag be even bigger .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be just what I want . it hold all my stuff include several lens , 2 camera body , 2 flash and a bracket and have pocket everywhere for card , battery , filter ... it be sturdy -lrb- lot of padding -rrb- and well make and I could not be happier with it . it be a fantastic camera bag !
Bag	POS	5	I finally replace my Craftsman 4x24 which self-destruct after 25 year of faithful service . I be ask myself why I wait . the Makita have as much power , be smoother and more predictable . I use it to smooth out glueup panel for cabinet door . Belt tracking and run smoothly be very important factor for a flat door panel . this machine track smoothly with the grain , across the grain and at a angle to the grain . it be controllable one-handed . dust collection be superior to the Craftsman and other belt sander I have use in the past . the long cord -lrb- over 10 ' -rrb- be a joy . most of the time I do not need a extension cord . ergonomically , it be a ambidextrous dream . there be plenty of power to handle 50-60 grit belt and I do not get the jerky feeling so many sander give when under full load . start w\/o digging in and create divot be a thing of the past . the tool be unbelievably quiet . my ear thank I . a smooth and controllable machine equal smooth panel . Feel tempt to use this on finish furniture - but - that be not its place . if you want to create a lot of sand dust , really quickly , this be the machine for you . base on what I see so far , I believe this will go better than 20 year in a hobbyist 's shop w\/o be a paperweight in you storage cabinet . the quality be far superior to anything I ever get from Craftsman . for those who love DeWalt , Porter-Cable or one of the other on the market - this be the Lexus of sand machine . any difference in price be insignificant over 20 year . this will never be the machine you hate everytime you use it .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander about a month ago and be very pleased with it . I buy the Dewalt about three year ago and be throw it away to use the Makita . Belt track smoothly , dust collection be best I have ever see on a belt sander . it be well balanced , lighter than the DeWalt and a great value for the price . the DeWalt do not pick up dust well , belt would not track right and dust collection bag keep fall off . I be stay with Makita from now on .
Bag	POS	5	it seem that every class of tool have one brand or model that really work just right . other try to upstage it with different gimmick , but the obvious best choice keep come through . you see it on jobsite after jobsite . p\/c router , Skil wormdrive , senco finish nailer , Bosch jigsaw ... in the 3x21 sander category there be no better tool . simple , balanced , sturdy and inexpensive for the long-haul . Square shape and small body mean that one-handed operation -lrb- large hand -rrb- be practical , allow for use in way to which other model do not adapt well . this be my second one in -lrb- I do not remember , 15 ? -rrb- year , but a long time anyway . someone decide they need my first one more than I do and help themselves ; it 'll probably last they forever if they be smart enough to keep it . so I get the latest iteration which be just still the best . I think I pay about the same the first time too .
Bag	POS	4	it be a bit large-then again I be only 4 ' 11 '' , so everything be BIG for I . I do not have a laptop either , but I need something that can hold alot of stuff -lrb- I carry everything but the kitchen sink , ya know ? -rrb- and this tote \/ purse can and do do it ! and for the price they be sell it at right now -- it be the best deal around ! you can not go wrong with this .
Bag	NEG	1	after use this thing 5 time , it quit . it be suppose to have a one year warranty . I send it back 3 month after purchase . after wait 10 week , it be ready for return , except they want $ 40 for the repair . it turn out the switch go bad , and it and several other item be not cover after 30 day . that be not mention anywhere when I purchase it . I will never buy another Bosch tool again . by the way , I be 58 and this be the first time I have ever have a switch go bad on a tool . I be not be not a commercial user .
Bag	POS	4	the bag hold all my loose hand tool well , my only complaint be that the interior pocket be so shallow that larger item have a tendancey to fall out into the main compartment . I would still recommend this item .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this sander after try the Dewalt and have it die in about 15min of work . after research other sander , I discover B&D; own porter-cable and delta , along with Dewalt . since every B&D; tool I have ever purchase fail , I be hesitant to give B&D; my money . I choose the Bosch after compare with its twin , the Ryobi be321 . the sander be well balanced and comfortable in you hand . it take a little get use the `` brick '' design , but the egornomic be great . it have the power to get the job do . the dust colletion be average . Afterall , it be a belt sander ! I would recommend this sander to anyone .
Bag	POS	5	read the spec on the Tamrac pro 12 and see it live and up close be two different thing . this bag be HUGE -- fully load it become a major piece of luggage and make a great carry on bag . the Tamrac name be legend among similar product . I have use they bag , all size , for over 20 year now and they get better and better . from the material use to the construction of the bag you equipment be safe ! a padded cell would offer LESS security . Great Tamrac feature include Lens bridge , moveable divider , memory card system & battery slot , it be well organize . room to grow too with six in side slot for extra lens , flash , etc. . long enough you can leave a longer telephoto zoom attach to you camera . if you can actually load this bag up and run out of room you just need another bag ! or simply take out that kitchen sink !
Bag	POS	5	I get tire of deal with my old skill 18 '' sander . I could never keep more than half the belt on its track . the bottom plate would also collapse on one side after awhile necessitate a screw driver pry job . with the right belt the Makita be a well behave mini-beast -lrb- loose the belt that come with the Makita and get yourself some of the premium Norton belt ... you 'll be glad you do -rrb- . as other 's have say , this thing track flawlessley after a couple of adjust turn on the side-dial . the belt stay on track even after change through various belt . the bottom plate assembly look durable . it have plenty of power and it suck up saw dust to the bag like a vacuum . I would venture to say it capture about 90 % of the saw dust . the long cord be great because it keep you knot-tie connection to you extention cord away from you project where it typically get hang up on corner . this thing be make I look for project I would not have even consider with my old sander .
Bag	POS	5	I want a bag to hold all of my video camera 's cable and accessory , not to mention the battery charger . however , have make several trip to Disney World this year I have discover that once you have arrive all you really want to carry around with you be the camera . the rest of the stuff stay in the hotel room until it be need . that be where this bag fit the bill . not only will my video camera -lrb- Sony dcr-trv30 -rrb- fit into the top bag , so will my digital camera -lrb- Olympus 2020z -rrb- , it be snug , but not to the point of endanger either camera . the top bag 's zippered front pouch have room for a spare set of battery -lrb- for both camera -rrb- , four dv size tape and extra memory card . the bottom bag will hold both of the battery charger , manual , cable , and still have room for more battery and tape . the LowePro web site have information as to what will fit into each of they bag , which I find to be very useful during my initial research . they bag be very well make and have a lifetime warranty !
Bag	POS	4	Works good collect my dust and easy to empty . only complaint be it do not fit other saw the opening on the bag in much larger than a standard dust port . if you keep that in mind it be great dust bag .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this because it be such a good deal . I use for my Skil 77 worm drive see . it barely fit the saw so , if it be eighteen or even twenty inch it would be perfect . I do like it for the shoulder strap . I can carry the heavy saw in the bag over my shoulder and it free up my hand to carry other tool . I keep a couple of extra blade , blade wrench , a spare tape measure and some other necessity in it . make it nice to tote to where I be work . overall a good , heavy duty bag .
Bag	NEG	1	I should have read the other review better before buy the bag . Kodak have a nice idea , but the bag just be not big enough .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag be 1 '' longer and 3\/4 `` wider than the cbv12 & 15 . it also cost ... more . I buy the cbv15 which be a bit smaller and I really like it . the cbv12 be the same size but incude a detachable camera bag as part of the size . you have to decide what be best for you . here be my review of the similar cbv15 :  the great advantage of this bag be that the entire top unzip -lrb- it be actually a double run zipper which give you a wide storage space while everything stay in place -rrb- . it be great for my movie camera so I get another one for my digital still camera . I can keep 20 minus cd plus mark pen , extra battery and charger , and my bulky but essential viewing hood . when the bag open you can see everything , place everything , and when it close everything stay in place . after a year I have decide the design be probably the most convienent I have use in 30 yr .
Bag	POS	5	those who say that they can not fit they camera must have a full blow camera that be bigger than my usb power zip drive -lrb- that do not fit in the bag , but only 25 % of it be length stic out -rrb- the Olympus Stylus Zoom 80 camera I bout fit in the front sendondary compartment and you can shove 2 roll of film in that same compartment and have the big primary compartment leftover for all the other stuff . the primary compartment will hold 4 zip250 disk in they case plus the usb connector cable , with the camera in the secondary compartment . bottom line , this be probably the best camera bag you can buy for $ 10 or less .
Bag	POS	5	i have 2 one for jumper cable snd one in my rv for the water hose . buy another one for my daughter . handy item .
Bag	POS	5	it be a bag for jumper cable . not much more to say about it . they fit well and it be a fairly nice bag .
Bag	POS	5	I be very pleased with this purchase . it catch about 90 % of the dust , so it make clean up after use the saw much easier . and there be not as much airborne dust to inhale , which be of great value to I .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag for my Canon EOS rebel x , a additional lens , and a few other accessory . the bag I have previously be way too small and I feel the camera and lens be pack too tightly together . this bag be the perfect size for my need . there be room for another lens as well . I would say if you have several lens that you 'll be tote around , this bag may be a bit small . if you be look for a decent size bag that will hold you camera , a lens or two , and a few basic accessory , I would say this be a great choice .
Bag	POS	5	I have replace a 20 year old Craftsman belt sander with the 9903 Makita . I always fight with the Craftsman 's tracking . I could only go 5 minute before I need to adjust the tracking . the Makita be not like this at all . it have perfect tracking ! I pull the 9903 out of the box and it track ok with the stock belt . but when I put a 3M belt on it and tweek the track a bit I have not touch the tracking , even when I change the belt to a different grit . I highly recomment this belt sander and 3M -lrb- purple -rrb- sand belt . you can turn 9903 over and clamp it to the bench , great feature . it have a very nice trigger lock button , easy to set when you want to set it - but not so easy to lock when you do not want it lock -lrb- with either hand -rrb- . a add benefit be that this belt sander be that it be very quiet -lrb- as belt sander go -rrb- . my only complaint be with the availability of accessory . I can not find a sand frame or a vacuum attachment . when I go to a authorized dealer for Makita and ask for a quote on a sand frame they quote the housing of the 9903 . buy this one , you will not be disapoint .
Bag	POS	5	I have really come to love this bag . everything be sew well and feel really sturdy . the foam use to cushion the compartment in the bag -lrb- there be a moveable divider -lrb- attach with velcro-style strip -rrb- in the main compartment -rrb- be sturdy and protect the contents well . there be space enough for a medium size digital camera , a compact battery charger and battery , cable , and a few memory card . this bag also have a weatherproof hood that come out of a hidden zipper to wrap the whole thing up and protect it from rain -- a very cool feature . anyway , I know it be hard to get too excite about a bag , but this really be a cool one .
Bag	POS	5	I give up on belt sander year ago after several cheap one give I trouble to the point of toss they . I have be use a power planer since , until my wife suprise I with a new fridge that be 1\/4 '' too tall . the planer have a hard time get in tight . I get the 9903 and take it out to the shop to fine tune and learn it be personality . I do not need to ; plug it in , hit the trigger and it just track straight with the belt that be on it . it be a little heavy , but not so bad that I can not use it overhead . I be use to a lot of dust with these thing , but very little be not trap by the bag . a good buy out of the box .
Bag	POS	5	I love Bucket Boss product . this be just a unique and well design product ! I use mine to hold a 50 foot heavy gauge extension cord plus a 20 foot medium gauge with three outlet and a wrench to change the blade on my  Skil SHD77M 15 Amp 7-1\/4 - Inch Mag Worm Drive circular saw  it would easily fit a couple of smaller extension cord along with the one already store in it , or carpenter pencil , utility knife and speed square as a cut guide ! I love the feeling of have my sloppy extension cord neatly stow away in this bag . it also make carry they to the jobsite much easier and I do not have to worry about the cord tangle during storage or transportation . I love the extra pocket for tool storage , this really extend the usability of the product . you can have you extension cord , jumper cable and whatever tool be specific for you application together in one compact unit ! I think this be a excellent solution and the bag be construct as to live up to the Bucketboss reputation for durability ! now I just need to get one for each of the car !
Bag	NEG	2	the description say it fit `` any fully assemble Garrett metal detector '' . not true . I have a Garrett 350 with the double-d coil and it do not fit into the bag . I be not a very tall person so I do not have mine adjust to be very long . but I should not have to collapse the thing to get it to fit into a bag that be supposedly make fore it . Pretty disappointed .
Bag	NEU	3	this product meet my expectation except i expect to find a cable inside . `` Bucket Boss Brand 06100 Cable and Tool Bag '' this somehow imply to I that `` Cable and '' that there be e cable with the bag ... I would have never purchase it if I have know there be no cable .
Bag	POS	5	I buy the 21 '' Makita 9903 Belt Sander after my old Skil 18 '' sander 's on\/off switch stop work for the umpteenth time , and my other el-cheapo 21 '' belt sander be steal -lrb- thank goodness for small favor -rrb- . I have use the sander now for a month to sand down 2x6 and 4x4 rough sawn surface on redwood and doug fir I have use for finish a deck -lrb- railing , fascia , stair trim -rrb- . absolutely perfect tracking all the time , no matter how hot the belt get , no matter how much pressure I apply , no matter how long I have use the belt . I start with a 50 or 80 grit , then shift directly to a 120 grit belt for final finish . I have sand approx . 20 4x6 16 ft board , both side and edge , plus another 10 4x4 8ft post ... all 4 side , among other thing this far . power galore and perfect belt tracking , simple adjustment to bring belt to edge if need -lrb- and it stay there -rrb- ... what more could a belt sander need to do ? change belt be just as simple as with any other belt sander I have use over the year -- pull back on the clamp lever -lrb- it say open -rrb- , slip belt on , close clamp lever ... and let ` er rip . I also very much like the flat ` top ' which allow you to turn the sander over and sit it on it be ` top ' to use the belt surface as the stationary member while hold the work piece by hand to shape edge , corner , etc. with much greater precision of cut -lrb- hand hold piece , as oppose to hold the sander -rrb- . I also own a Makita sawzall -lrb- or whatever they be call -rrb- and have own and use it extensively for several year -lrb- purchase in 1992 ? or ' 95 ? or somewhere in that time-frame -rrb- . it be be extremely reliable , never any problem in the most demand work I have throw at it ... so I decide to buy the Makita belt sander as well for the hope for reliability and trouble-free use . normally I opt for Dewalt power tool ... still own and use my Dewalt Professional Radial arm see that I buy in ' 75 ... never have a problem with it and I have use it extensively and in heavy work-load over the year ... it be still as stong , steady , & precise as it be in ' 75 . but , in the belt sander catagory , I do not like the Dewalt design as much as the Makita -lrb- turn the sander over and use it as a stationary sander while hold the work piece by hand be a great feature -rrb- . I have use other 21 '' sander borrow from contractor from time to time , and though power be alway 's great , the tracking deteriorated greatly with with the belt 's use or the temperature\/pressure I apply . I could not be more satisfied .
Bag	NEU	3	I have use a Gatemouth Jr. at home for about 8 year as a `` around the house '' tool tote . just order another to use at work and be surprised -lrb- disappointed -rrb- at how much lighter the new bag be make . the side be a rip stop material where the older bag be a canvas type material . I think I 'll leave the new bag at home and take the older one to work . I have no doubt the old one will last longer in my work environment .
Bag	POS	4	I have own this bag for over 3 year . it be way overloaded -lrb- so much that I do not even worry about zip it up -rrb- , and have hold up very well . only two small problem -lrb- due to my overloading -rrb- : the clip that hold the stap to the ring on the bag break , and the metal bar that hold the shape of the main opening have come out of the end seam . this bag do hold a lot of `` stuff . '' it have hold up very well despite my abuse and overload -lrb- it weigh about 80 lb with all my stuff . -rrb- well worth the buy !
Bag	POS	4	nothing fancy , but durable and reliable . meshing be good to store item .
Bag	NEG	2	this tool bag be not big enough . I want to get 2 or 3 of they and store my 18 volt set in they . this bag be not big enough to put one Dewalt cordless finish nailer in it . the height of the bag will not accommodate a normal size screwdriver or channel-lock to be store vertically in the pocket with the lid close . the interior and outside pocket be too blousey . they should build a larger , foot locker type version with the same hard-sided\/bag idea , but actually make it usable . I return this .
Bag	POS	5	sturdy , compact , lot of room . compartment be adjustable . I feel my investment be safe within these wall ! better price and better quality than the Sony bag .
Bag	POS	5	my wife buy this for I along with some clamp . she buy it so that I have a place to store my new clamp set . I be so impressed with this bag that I now use it for my everyday tool bag . I have to carry a combination of small and large hand tool to each service call . there be so many great pockets\/spaces to put my smaller hand tool and the bag be sturdy enough to carry my heavier tool inside . I use to buy a red and black craftman tool bag every year on the christmas sale and by the next year I would have to replace it because it be so hammer . this bag not only work well as far as function , it also have hold up incredible well for someone who be tough on it everyday .
Bag	NEU	3	I do not know what people be think . a glove contour exactly to the shape , and the 10aw certainly do not do this . I have a Canon a640 , and you could fit the a640 and a sd100 side by side ; I know because I put both in there . not that I would like to carry it that way , but you could . or , you can fit the a640 plus twenty-two aa battery ! maybe a few more on top of the camera . so it be not a glove , but a huge oversized mitten . it be big and bulky . the apex 30aw fit the a640 like a glove . ok for the product itself : pro : simple design two-way zipper -lrb- apex 30aw only zipper one direction -rrb- double-velcro belt loop con : no separate velcro flap for battery and accessory slot . if you flip it over , everything fall out . bulky - too much waste space overall it be a nice bag . just not as small as I would have like .
Bag	POS	5	I go to a few privately own camera store -- very overpriced for what they be offer . the Samsonite camera bag be tough , durable , and SPACIOUS . I carry a flash , two lens , along with my canon elan 7 , and I have ton of room to grow , which be what I want . very reasonably price and well-made . I be pleased with my purchase .
Bag	NEU	3	seem to be work okay but for $ 15 expectation be not high . only have use it once and fail to clean under the saw first . so hard to evaluate how much sawdust drop under the saw .
Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely well-designed and well-built sander . no complaint here only praise , praise , praise !  thank you Bosch -- you sure make my life a lot better !!
Bag	POS	5	the Makita 4x24 be a workhorse with all the power you 'll ever need in a belt sander . it also have a very comfortable feel to it and be very easy to use . the bag collect dust better than any other model I have try and be able to reposition it with the swivel fitting be a major plus . I have also try the Dewalt and a Bosch , and there be no comparison in the product ; the Makita work best , hand down .
Bag	POS	5	I need a camera bag that be light weight but able to hold all that I need when use a film 35mm camera and a digital slr . this bag if perfect . it will hold 2 35mm camera -lrb- slr digital -rrb- with lens attach and additional lens , flash , filter and gadget . it have a special place design for extra memory card and a system to show which one have be use . it have another special place for film . the best part be that it be very easy to get in and out of this bag when you be out take picture .
Bag	POS	5	put this on my wish list right before Christmas and , ta-da ! find it under the tree not long after . have only have it a short while , but like what I see . probably one of the biggest factor with it would be the size\/weight ratio . have a steel or even plastic toolbox this size present challenge if you want portability . the material seem really tough , but give you the ability to carry it around -lrb- obviously depend on what be inside -rrb- . the exterior level carry loop give I a easily accessible place to put my 2 foot level , so that be a bonus . look forward to a long work life out of this .
Bag	POS	5	compare with other ' price this camera case be do really fine with my digital camera . it look nicer than the picture , really worth .
Bag	POS	5	whoa ! wow ! great ! be exactly what I say when I open the box and take out my new DeWalt Heavy Duty Ballisitic Tool Bag . the first thing I notice be the size , second be it be rugged quality , third be the well configured zippered opening complete with a inside velcro pocket for paper work and fourth the well think out pocket area both inside and outside the bag ! the color even match my new  DEWALT 12-Inch High Tension Hack see Frame  no guess which tool be mine ! tune and tool keep my project go . this be one awesome heavy duty tool bag gear to let I carry as many tool as I can lift at one time . this DeWalt be one sweet tool bag that will undoubtedly last for year . ~ the Boss
Bag	POS	4	Easy to install and lightweight . Zipper on bottm of bag for empty . Might not be heavy enough for everyday use . if the bag be heavier I would of give the fifth star .
Bag	POS	5	I already have the smaller version of this bag but it be time to move up a little . I have a larger Tamrac backpack bag I use everyday , but do not have room for my `` strobist '' gear . I can fit 4 sb900 speedlight with some smaller modifier plus a few Justin clamp in the bag , along with a few other odds and end . I toss this in the back seat of my truck to have what I need in a hurry without weigh down my regular bag , kind of a second bag for I . I be not fond of a regular bag for everyday use , much prefer my backpack style bag . my only complaint be that I wish it be bigger , but that be my mistake in order , not they fault .
Bag	NEU	3	the bag itself be great . the problem be that it be feature as be compatable with the JVC GRAXM225U Camcorder . well ... it be not ! it be too small . there be not enough room to hold the camera , the charger , the VHS cartridge , rca cable and a spare tape . it would be great for those who only want it to hold the camera and the VHS tape cartridge . but then where be you go to keep the rest of you `` stuff '' !
Bag	POS	5	a great bag for a small-mid size digital camera . I have the Olympus d-490 zoom and it fit perfectly . the additional pouch hold my extra battery and memory card safely . Pretty sturdy construction and well padded for any accidental bump the camera may take . it be well make and you have a choice of wear the bag on you belt or use the shoulder strap . Compact and look great .
Bag	NEU	3	this be a pretty good bag , sturdy and well make . I be disappointed though , with the closed cell divider . I can not figure out exactly how to use they to effectively cradle the camera without waste space . my digital slr fit well if lay on its side , but the extra compartment will hold only one set of battery with charger in the front compartment - the side `` fishnet '' compartment be too small for this purpose and seem too insecure for anything valuable .
Bag	POS	5	I would see these at the local dog park and have be look for they locally for some time . all I could find around town be those really thin bag that just do not quite get the job do . I be happy to find these available at Amazon where the price be good and shipping be free and fast . these bag be way better than most other in term of pick up you dog 's business and in odor control . they be a lot thicker and much easier to tie up . a quality product that be a must for dog owner .
Bag	POS	4	... make sure that you do not purchase this with the Sony vx2000 camcorder . although Amazon list this video bag as a accessory for the 2000 , it just do not fit comfortably . you have to really jam the eyepiece into the bag , and because it be pack in so tight , it just do not feel protected .  the bag be rugged , and handsome . most consumer mini-dv camcorder should fit in the bag . probably not the Canon gl1 and definitely not the xl-1 . other than that , go for it .  as a general rule , pick a camera bag be the kind of thing you should do in a store ... bring you camera or camcorder with you and try it in different bag . it be hard to guage the size and fit of a bag simply from its picture and dimension . plus , at camera store you can often find nice padded bag that do not \* look \* like camera bag . this be a plus if you travel a lot and be a weakling -lrb- and prone to mugging -rrb- , like I be .  seriously .
Bag	POS	5	this jumper cable bag be of typical Bucket Boss quality . the bag material be thick , and the seam be well stitch . as other review have note , the handle be not large ; however , they be large enough consider the duty of the bag . it be not mean for carry large quantity of tool , such as the handle on , for example , a Bucket Boss large contractor tool bag . yet , they be strong enough to carry a large set of jumper cable , some tool , and a full size aluminum flashlight . they be also large enough to man 's large hand . the bag be about 13 1\/2 x 13 1\/2 x 4 inch . in fact , it be so roomy that I can fit my 18 foot 4awg jumper cable and a 2d lead Brickmann flashlight in the same main compartment for the cable , with other tool , a few rag , and a pair of glove in the remain compartment with room to spare . while Amazon will not allow I to post the price I pay , I feel it be a fair price , even when take into consideration that , to my knowledge , no other company make a similar product . and , for those of you who lack common sense , no , it do not come with a set of jumper cable . you must purchase they separately . Update : the bag be so large , that it would not fit under my seat . if you have a 2-door pickup , then this would fit behind the seat easily . but , it be too large for the underneath of my seat in my '05 Ram 4-door .
Bag	POS	5	big and roomy . lot of pocket for organize the tool . I 'll definitely recommend it to my friend
Bag	POS	5	Dude , solid , very well construted , I have put it thru the mill , and its still like new , u cant damage it . very good buy .
Bag	POS	5	this be a suberb case for the price . complete with a allweather cover for `` rought situation '' this case be ideal for a digital camera or a regular camera . I currently have a Nikon Coolpix 800 digital camera and it fit perfectly . the case be a great size because it be not to small where it can not hold anything and not to big where it be a nusiance to lag around . another good thing be the ability for the case to attatch to a belt . the soft inside of the case offer superb protection with the gentleness not to damage the camera 's lcd . it also have two laminated pocket which be perfect for hold extra memory card . the divider be great for create a perfectly size spot for you camera seperates\/and allow access to the extra space to store all the accessory for you camera . my personal favorite feature be that the case be zipper to prevent anyone from steal you camera . a beautifully craft camera case at a terrific price .
Bag	POS	4	seem to be well make , except the handle , which be thin and cheap compare to the rest . pocket seem they be go to be useless .
Bag	POS	5	it be as if this bag be custom make for the Canon PowerShot a20 . the camera compartment be the perfect size ; not too big or too small . the front compartment hold 4 aa battery -lrb- a loop for each one -rrb- , 2 compactflash card and a box of 4 Duracell Ultra AA alkaline that come from a master pack from Costco -lrb- in case both set of ni-mh 's go belly up ; not likely -rrb- . highly recommend for a camera the size of the a20 .
Bag	NEU	3	bag i receive have a zipper front entry , and a zipper pocket in back for battery , card , etc. . the zipper front\/top be stiff and awkward to open . the entrance be narrow , and since the case be rigid , it be hard to get manual in case , and manual must be curved once it be in . the mesh compartment and battery loop be a nice touch , and quality seem very good .
Bag	NEG	2	I purchase this Makita 9403 belt sander in order to sand down a redwood deck that have be paint with latex that be now peel in many area . I soon notice that the dust collection bag be not collect very much dust . when I remove the cover on the sander for the dust passage I find the passage quarter very narrow and plug with sand debris . connect a powerful shop vacuum to the sander dust tube -lrb- bag remove -rrb- while sand also prove to be futile as the vacuum be not powerful enough to unplug the debris in the passageway . soon after I start sand I notice deposit build up on both roller . the deposit be under the sand belt and mainly on the front metal roller . the deposit form in tenacious clump as high as 3\/16 '' . I have to chisel they off the roller and use lacquer thinner to remove some of they . as the lump gather on the roller the belt would move laterally against the frame and disintegrate . to avoid belt disintegration one have to frequently stop the sander , remove the belt and chisel off the deposit . this get old very fast as it seem I be devote more time to sander maintenance than I be to sand . I finally put the Makita aside and dig out of the garage a Craftsman `` commercial grade '' 4x24 belt sander I purchase at least 20 year ago . it may or may not have be make for Sears by Porter Cable . the Sears sander be a dream compare to the Makita . I do not experience deposit buildup on the roller and do not have to replace belt frequently . I intend to put the Makita sander up for sale as I will not waste anymore time use it . I first attempt to purchase the tool from a Amazon subcontractor who claim to have one unit in stock . I call the subcontractor and ask they to make a warehouse check if a unit be actually in stock . I be tell the warehouse man have the tool in he hand . it turn out to be a brazen lie and waste a lot of my time . I find it amazing that Amazon leave I to deal with the subcontractor . the subcontractor be they agent not mine .
Bag	POS	5	I be very happy with this bag . it be big enough so I do not have to empty it every 2 minute .
Bag	POS	4	this be a great sander for a homeshop that be also a great buy for industrial use . inexpensive and agile . the belt system use on this sander make the workpiece highly visible . also it be easy to keep from dip .  pro  \*\* inexpensive  \*\* lightweight  \*\* very agile  con  \*\* not the best tracking system  \*\* dust collector blow off -lrb- or get in the way -rrb- alot .  \*\* require alot of blow out .
Bag	POS	5	okay , a lot of review of this bag be downright negative . however , if you be look for a messenger bag , you have own one before , so you know what you want and what to expect . when I first buy this bag , it be $ 40 . back then , I be in love with the price . comperable messenger bag be $ 60 - $ 120 . it be a bargain . at $ 20 its a even better deal . as to people with problem stuff laptop into the padded compartment , they must have some beastly huge laptop . be in computer repair , I have haul some of the largest laptop know to man and they have all fit decently . similarly , my palm pilot , cell phone and my other essential fit perfectly in this bag . if you want a decent bag at a decent price , here you be . and , if you dont like it , you know amazon doe take return , therefore you arent stick with it . hope this help people .
Bag	POS	5	as always , I be please with my bucket boss gatemouth bag . I just wish they would make the loop hook for the carry strap a little more stout as they tend too weaken over time and pull through the canvas , cause the bad too slip off you shoulder .
Bag	POS	5	these bag be the best if you have a large dog . Easy to separate , easy to carry , hold massive amount w\/o any fear of breaking . also , especially important , -lrb- cover you ear if you be squeamish -rrb- easy to grab and pull grass around and under in order to get all loose matter , because of the mitt design . in a pinch I have even use a already use bag by scoop with the top white portion and then drop the whole thing into the trash .
Bag	POS	5	I be a daily bicycle\/rollerblade commuter . I usually overstuff this bag . it fit comfortably and securely , especially with the ergonomic\/adjustable shoulder and waist strap . I live in the Seattle area , so I really appreciate the weather proofing . lot of compartment to separate my personal and professional stuff . great detail . I like the reflective piping and the ext. flap loop to attach my tail light . it would be nice to have a carry handle-brief case like . otherwise , well-made , practical , great value-outstanding . I almost look like a real messenger .
Bag	POS	5	wow , I can not believe it be be 7.5 year that I have owned\/used this bag ! I buy two of they in November 2000 - one for I , one for my mom . we both use they extensively . I keep wish Amazon would bring it back ! this tote hold EVERYTHING . I have not use it much as a laptop tote , but it work well for that . otherwise , the laptop pocket be great for transport papers and magazine since that compartment be separate . the outside pocket be roomy without thing get too lose into it , and there be extra hang pocket inside the main compartment as well as a removable keychain clip . the bag itself be lightweight but very durable . it be awesome as a airplane carryon . this be a fabulous value at $ 5.95 when I buy it - worth well over that price .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag be a good size for my Panasonic Palmcorder . hold the camera , a few tape , the instruction booklet , and a spare battery . just not enough room to really fit the charger . overall , though , it meet my expectation and I feel it be worth it .
Bag	NEU	3	one benefit of this bag be that it be so ugly thief may move on to a more fancy , trendy camera bag . people will not mistake you for a professional photographer , either . the bag hold the camera in the padded main compartment , memory card and the usb cord in the internal pouch in the lid and a thin flash and spare battery in the external pocket . to fully close the wrap-around zipper on the lid , one may be in the habit of flip the brim of the lid back to expose the zipper . over time this action may cause the synthetic material of the lid to crack , which be what happen to mine . it still work fine , though .
Bag	POS	5	a very nice bag , bigger and more quality than expect . I could fit my Pentax k2000 with 18-55mm kit lens perfectly with a bit of room on the side so it do not squeeze my camera too tight . there be a front area to store thing also . I store my filter case in this pocket . the only downside be it be a hassle to get the zipper to open because you have to pop out the front flap to do so . it be still not that big of a deal and other than that it be a great bag .
Bag	POS	4	now THIS be a bag . the main compartment be roomy enough to hold most camcorder -lrb- or camera with a extra lens + flash -rrb- . there be a padded divider which you can move around to fit exactly the cam you have .  the front accessory pocket be great for keep tissue , spare film , booklet , pen , etc. -lrb- you \* know \* some gum will end up in there . lol -rrb-  the detachable pack be the best part in my opinion . I currently have it off on my bag , but there be time when I need to pack extra supplies and it be great for quickly attach to the bag . this be a must have option\/feature that you should always look for !
Bag	POS	5	for Christmas gift buy five set of ` smart ' cable and five of these bag for children\/grandchildren . these Bucket bag fit cable perfectly . nice touch - the design to tuck the bag\/cables in the spare wheel cavity . good sturdy canvas ; should last a lifetime .
Bag	POS	4	I have several of these for hold screw and other hardware . one be just for drywall screw of different length -lrb- which I write on the outside of the bag -rrb- . I can put 10-20 pound of screw in the bag , and it still fit into a 5 gallon bucket . I can do the same with a bag of outdoor -lrb- coated -rrb- screw , and another for pneumatic nail , brad and staple , and a final bag for nail . when I go to a job , I just put the bucket in the back of the truck and I know I have all the hardware I 'll likely need . when I be in the shop , I just keep the bag on my desk\/bench . the only negative be that the nylon be a little thin , and I do not think they 'll last as long as if it be canvas or a thicker nylon .
Bag	POS	4	I live in NYC and have a ton of gadget , very hard to find in a regular bag . THis be pretty cool , since you kinda compartmentize everything and its convenient to find the stuff you need .
Bag	POS	5	good Quality , good price . the tool bag be very spacious and well build .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this to store tool and jumper cable in the back of the car . great size , fit everything I need in there . sturdy .
Bag	POS	5	I have use Makita Belt sander in a commercial environment for year . I also use Porter Cable . I be pleasantly surprise when I receive my new Sander . it be much more stable with a lower center of gravity than the older model and far more stable than the Porter Cable . I also like the long cord .
Bag	POS	5	this be the highest quality camera bag you will find . it be make in the usa of tough nylon construction . plenty of storage for two or more slr camera and all they accessory . strong zipper and lock clip . if you be look at Tamrac bag you probably already know they reputation for outstanding bag . highly recommend .
Bag	POS	4	on current price , it be value for money . it can hold my camera -lrb- k100d -rrb- and other accesory -lrb- wire + rechargeable kit + book -rrb- . if you need to carry a extra lens I woud recommend you to buy SLR bag instead of Holster bag . however if you wish to carry just one lens along with you camera , like I then you can go for it .
Bag	POS	5	Wonderfull . my trunk get all sort of thing and the more I can put in a case the better .
Bag	POS	4	simple to put on . Works well . reduce saw dust on floor 90 % . how come it do not come as standard equipment with saw ? .
Bag	POS	4	have be able to my Canon 20d , 70-300mm lens , Canon Elan,70-280mm lens , a 50mm lens , 580 and 430 flash , Turbo Z , Epson P2000 , all of charger into the main compartment . multiple cable , extra battery , manual , clean gear , and everything else require for a shoot . love the room and all the little small pouch to stash stuff in . only minor complaint be the number of zipper and buckle need to access main bag . but I be anal and always zip and snap they and will never pick my bag up and have all fall out . price be unreal . buy it .
Bag	POS	5	great product , well make and perfect size to hold cable and keep they neatly store in trunk of car .
Bag	POS	5	I buy two bag - one for myself and the other for my 17-year-old son -lrb- who now have he first vehicle -rrb- . the bag be very sturdy , large and attractive , which be more than I expect . we pack they with jumper cable and other auto necessity , and they easily fit in my car and he small truck . Perfect gift for a new driver .
Bag	POS	5	the reflector be a thoughtful addition for people who travel a lot on a bike . also I appreciate the extra pocket for the cellphone the PDA and the padded pocket inside for my laptop .
Bag	POS	5	this thing be great , and be less than half the price of a bag that Sony be sell with my camcorder . fit my dcr-sr300 perfectly with all its accessory . save yourself a few buck and go with Samsonite .
Bag	NEG	2	not sure where these tool bag be make , but they be not the quality of the original Bucket Boss bag . maybe they be knock-off make by some other company and then sell as the original ? probably should have return they , but just never get around to it .
Bag	NEU	3	the bag be make of heavy rip-stop nylon that will probably outlast I . I do not use this professionally , but I always have a lot of project in my `` off '' hour . the bag have many nice pocket -lrb- though I do not find they very useful in practice -rrb- and a sturdy zipper . the big downside be that there be no stiff bottom in this bag , unlike every other bag I have use . tool all slump to a heap in the center . I 'll cut my own , but I should not have to . a minor complaint be that the handle be just a nylon strap . I much prefer the feel of the nylon strap on the ` ridgid ' brand bag which have a stiff cord in the strap . hard to describe , but it be a nice feel . Ridgid have a nice 22 '' and a nice 17 '' . if you like a small bag , Stanley have a nice 12 '' .
Bag	POS	5	after search for various belt sander on the Webb , I choose the Makita 9903 . use it be relatively easy , on hand and knee , but with 3M belt , the job -lrb- 900 ft2 -rrb- be not difficult . the sander work very well , have good weight , and do not hardly slow up at all with lot of pressure over knot and irregularity in the wood . long cord be overrated , ext. chord need anyway . but the sand bag be well design , large enough , and easy to empty and reinstall . I do not think there be a better belt sander available at this time . .7 \/ 15\/10 it would be nice if there be a case for it include though .
Bag	NEU	3	big chip and coarse grain be pretty well capture , but I have to tape the bag mouth to my table see dust outlet , even with the bag 's spring steel jaw , to keep the finer stuff from exit around the mouth . still , for a outdoors location where the fine stuff will not be too bothersome , it work quite well .
Bag	POS	4	this work well when you do not want to take time to hook vacume up . hold more material than I expect before empt , but still let fine dust through .
Bag	POS	4	I can only agree with everybody else . the bad be big , but it pay off after a while , becuase you can carry Smart Media card , battery , a camera , a cable , a pair of sunglass and a micro-recording device in this bag at the same time . for I as a music journalist , that be a great thing . the bad thing be that you can not really wear it over yur shoulder like a bigger bag . it look and feel dumb . besides that , this be a good product .
Bag	POS	5	it fit my Panasonic Camcorder , it have lot of pocket , it have a shoulder-strap -lrb- which be inside the bag when it be ship -rrb- , and it have 2 section of padding go across the the main compartment -lrb- which be velcro so you can take they off and use they for extra padding -rrb- . the border between the outside pocket and the main compartment be flexible incase you have a large camcorder -lrb- only when the outer pocket be empty , though . -rrb- best of all , it have a life-time warrenty ! the only problem with it be that the indentity tag where you can put you adress , etc -lrb- show in picture hanging from handle -rrb- fall off and be lose because the leather get worn and rip after only 8 month . anyhow , overall I would recommend buy it this bag .
Bag	POS	5	I first buy this bag for my grandmother who love to carry a tote bag rather than a pocketbook . I be so surprised at the quality and roominess of the bag that I be go to order one for myself . the section where a laptop should go could easily be use to keep bottle cool for a short time . I be go to use my bag as a diaper bag\/purse . it be a great bag for the price !
Bag	POS	5	after own a black and Decker sander , the MAKITA sander be a welcome relief . it sand quickly and evenly throughout any project . I can also clamp it in a vise for stationary work and the extra long cord be handy for larger project . the belt stay track once its set . this a a great sander !
Bag	POS	5	I be in dental school , and this bag be great ! it fit perfectly in my locker , and hold a lot . it can fit 2 typodont , and there be plenty of room to spare .
Bag	POS	5	the Bosch belt sander be the best money I have spend in a long time . it run smoothly , but powerfully . the control be easy to use and the belt track true . it remove material much better than the other sander that I have . I recommend it very highly .
Bag	POS	5	still go strong after 6 year . have take a beating , but still in good shape . Bosch be quality .
Bag	POS	5	Perfect fit for Canon A540 camera . especially like the interior be so soft-protects lcd from scratch and have a place to keep spare memeory card a a download cable . all-in all one of my best online purchase .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase the Samsonite Worldproof Intermidiate Camcorder bag a couple of day ago from another well know e-store , I find the bag to be suprisingly worldproof , it be well design , with plenty of padding and enough room to fit my sony trv58 handycam and Hewlett Packard c200 digital camera along with my nimh baterry recharger and the camcorder adapter . the worldproof sign do not appear on the bag contrary to the picture up above , I like that , the worldproof logo would seem a bit redundant . the bag be very strong and look like it can take a beating or two , which be great for I since we get alot of rain down here in Puerto Rico . Samsonite also give you a lifetime warranty , so you can not go wrong .
Bag	POS	5	my olympus digital camera , 510 model , fit very nicely in this bag . the bag be not leather or anything , but feel high quality and have enough padding to cushion a drop of the camera . at a reasonable price , this bag be a great value . it have a strap to clip onto you belt and a shoulder strap . this be everything I be look for in a bag and I be very pleased with it .
Bag	POS	5	i be very disappointed that all camera accessory bag CAN NOT be SHIPPED to LOCATIONS outside of the U.S. I hope this will change in the near future .  regards , rm
Bag	POS	5	if you buy a heavy duty battery jumper cable greater than 18 foot long , you need this sock to keep thoswe toe warm . what I mean to say be that you simply get to carry that around in this perfect carry case .
Bag	POS	5	this bag fit the Canon a20 like a very well padded glove , with space for extra battery and cf card . I be grateful for it be build in `` shower cap '' several time on a recent camping trip to Colorado . the camera stay a lot drier than I do .
Bag	POS	5	great bag for you jumper cable . I be able to fit the Coleman 20ft long cable in it , with some space leave over for additional equipment . the bag keep the cable flat and can easily be stow under one of the seat in the car . Great , solid product . I look forward to use it for many year .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this Tamrac 5603 System 3 bag in black yesterday . the first impression be really good -lrb- outside -rrb- : - nice black-color - look and feel really weather-resistant -lrb- have not try it out yet -rrb- - side soft and big enough , so you equipment stay secure . - good carry-around size - not too heavy itself inside : - it be a bit smaller than I expect and I need to figure out , how to `` set it up '' - there be a wall-system inside which you can setup how you like\/prefer it , depend on you stuff - the wall be a little too soft in my oppinion , but doesnt do any bad at all - Enough space for the small part like memory-card , cable , battery etc what I carry in it : - Canon rebel xtus -lrb- fit good -rrb- - Canon 50mm f\/1 .4 - Canon 28-105mm usm - Canon 70-200mm f\/4 l - Canon 430ex Speedlight how good do the stuff fit ? : I would say ok ... a little too tight though ... - the Rebel-Body be not too big , definitely space for a bigger body ! - when the 70-200m l lens be mount , the space to the side be too small for put the other lens in upright position . - keep the camera mount with a smaller zoom-lens -lrb- like the 28-105mm -rrb- and you 'll have enough space to carry two extra lens -lrb- even bigger one up to 200mm l -rrb- in upright position . - the external flash easily fit into it -lrb- pretty flat in upright position -rrb- overall it be a good bag and I feel much better carry around expensive equipment with a bag I feel safe with ... the capacity-limit be pretty much reach now , so if you read this and there be any think about `` might my stuff fit in ? '' or `` I could get another lens or piece of equipment ? '' ... get this bag one SIZE BIGGER ! for all the other : it be a nice bag , that you totally can not go wrong with ... have fun with it ! ; -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	this bag be probably a medium size , where I be expect a larger one . I suppose that be my fault though for not actually review the measurement more carefully . it hold a decent amount of thing , but if you be look for a large tool bag , this be not the one ... my advice would be to pay close attention to the measurement . other than that , it be a good solid bag and my fiance already have he load with tool .
Bag	POS	5	purchase this bag to go with my new Garrett ace250 to in some way protect it from element as well as store all of my other metal detect equipement . so far Ive have a good experience with this canvas bag , it do its job !!
Bag	POS	5	this bag be great . I use it toghter with a tamrac backpack . but i prefere this one . it be nice and big . and easy to adjust to you need . I use this bag when i travel by plane as my handluggage . it fit my basic travel camera gear and some other stuff like a book and a bottle of water . the strap be good and do not hurt .
Bag	POS	5	this be the bag that do it all . I love use it more than any other doggie bag on the market . it keep my hand clean and it be ok for environmental purpose . there be never any hole -lrb- as in other bag -rrb- for anything to drop out . love these bag and you will also .
Bag	POS	5	I be a little concerned that my long -lrb- 20 + foot -rrb- , heavy gauge cable would be difficult to fit , but the bag be perfect . with its heavy fabric and sturdy zipper , it be more than enough for casual use .
Bag	POS	5	after own this wonderful roomy tote bag , I never use any other pocketbook I own ! it have the padded compartment inside -lrb- for a laptop -rrb- , but I use it to store bottled drink and snack to bring to work ... and sometimes my 6 year old 's toy when travel . I use the mesh pocket inside also . I store my pillbox inside and it be easy access for you lipstick . I have bang it around for almost a year now and it look brand new ! the outside zippered pocket be big enough for my eyeglass case and cell phone . I be buy 3 more for Christmas present !
Bag	POS	4	I own a small inline belt sander and find the shape give I the opportunity to use the machine in many more way , especially on its side sand the edge of large piece of solid wood . when I have to replace the small sander , I know I want a larger version , and the Bosch fit the bill . Amazon sell it at a lower price than I could find locally , and then there be the tax I save and free delivery !  a week later it be on the door step and it come out of the box and go right to work on some local hardwood . there be lot of power to turn the 3 inch belt . while I have check the belt for run off ceter - it almost never run off . and the graphite patten be flat and stay cool . it have only a few hour on it but I be very happy with it . I have not use the fence , but I will , and I wish I have order the clamp to tie it down to a table upside down .  the only problem I have with the sander be the dust control . I have be use the dust bag and it be small , and dust puff out of a small indentation near the dust nipple when lift off or move down on the wood . I have not try to trouble-check the problem .  a happy Bosch customer and a happy Ammazon.com customer .
Bag	POS	4	the case be sturdily build with two zippered closure and a adjustable shoulder strap . the exterior bottom panel be a nobby ruggedize material that probably be waterproof . the remainder of the case exterior be pebble grain leather-looking material .  the main compartment for the camera be easily access via the zippered front flap and be pad on leave , right , back , and bottom . top and front padding be thinner . the inside of the main comaprtment flap have a zippered pocket suitable for hold a memory card . inside dimension -lrb- inch -rrb- : 6h x 3.25 w x 2.5 d the main compartment zipper opening be 3 inch wide .  the smaller zippered compartment be on the back of the case . it contain loop for 4 aa battery , a zippered pocket suitable for a memory card or slim remote control , and a second unzippered pocket that be a little smaller than business card size .  i get this case to house a Olympus d-40 zoom digital camera . the main compartment be far too big for this camera . by itself , the camera would rattle around inside the case . I have fill the extra space by put a carry case for 4 aa battery into the bottom of the main compartment and add a pair of light sock to fill in the remain space . this leave the smaller compartment free for the remote control and a small notebook .  I be keep the case . it provide more than adequate protection for the camera -lrb- with sock install ! -rrb- and will work fine for day trip and similar short outing .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this because all my hand tool be in drawer and scatter on my workbench . Everytime I start to work on something I never have all the necessary tool and would have to run back and forth for the tool I need . I get this home and I fill my new bag . very please with how much I could get in there and organize . also very pleased with how strong it be . now I just grab the bag and go .
Bag	POS	5	this be my second Tamrac bag . my first bag be 25 + year old and still in fairly good condition -lrb- no rip or tear -rrb- . want a new bag for increase capacity and this bag have everything my old bag have , except loop for film cannister -lrb- how time have change : -rrb- . the construction of this bag seem better than my old one , so it will probably be the last bag I will ever need . a excellent product at a very good price .
Bag	POS	5	Super solution to a nagging problem !! I find this dust collector just right for my contractor saw . I be usually work in home for remodel and this dust collector make end-of-day clean up a lot easier . the zipper bag be easy to empty and the volume be just right for a day work . ca not find any fault with this item - wish I would have know about it sooner .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag to use with my Olympus c-4000 . base on what other reviewer write , I expect the bag the bag to be more compact than it be -lrb- I could fit two of my camera in there -rrb- . construction and compartment be excellent , and it be a great bag if you have a few accessory to carry .
Bag	POS	5	most of you probably do not need a review for this , but I be go to write one just incase . the bag work great and have be very durable . I will probably buy more and would recommend it to anybody .
Bag	POS	5	have use these for two year - have 3 dog and so much easier to pick up after they with these than plastic bag - way easier to keep hand clean . do feel guilty about add more plastic to the environment .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be wonderful . I buy my husband new 16 foot cable and they fit very easily and neatly into this bag . keep it organize in the trunk and easy to find . highly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	I just get this camera for my bar Mitzvah and it be my first good one . it work perfectly so far !!
Bag	POS	4	most tote be a little dowdy , but I like the way this one look and feel . it be sturdy and it hold lot of stuff : from my computer to several book , file , and the all-important lunch .
Bag	POS	5	most of my co worker envy I for own one of these , handy , easy access to tool , open top brilliant
Bag	POS	4	this sander have plenty of power for its size , and the vacuum bag actually suck up quite a bit of the dust without spray it right back in you face . track be decent and the fact that the right side and top be flat and ready to be clamp down to any available surface make it great for occasional bench sanding . what I do not like be how off-balance it be -- it really like to roll toward the leave on account of the motor 's weight and it be pretty hard to tell whether or not you be hold it level until it be too late . compound this problem with the fact that the optional sand shoe\/frame be both $ 114 extra and discontinued and you have get some pretty heavy con . I make my own frame out of 3\/4 '' mdf , but it be obviously pretty heavy and not especially durable . I also have a problem with the placement of the speed adjustment knob -- it get coated in dust almost instantly and become impossible to read without a shot of compress air . I worry about how long it will last before the potentiometer fizzle out . there seem to be a awful lot of review of belt sander from all manufacturer where customer complain about Amazon ship they a use unit as new . I too suspect this have happen to I upon open the box as mine be cover in what appear to be sawdust . a closer inspection however reveal that this be in fact just cardboard that have get sand by the belt as the unit be throw around during shipping . no harm , no foul . if you plan on do a lot of leveling , I would consider the DeWalt as you can pick up they frame just about anywhere . otherwise , there be quite a bit of bang for you buck here . it look boxy and awkward , but those bad look really add to the versatility of the machine . UPDATE : just talk to Makita on the phone and they confirm that the sand shoe accessory be no longer be make by anyone and they have no plan to design or produce a replacement model . Boo .
Bag	POS	5	what a great bag . well make with lot of good storage on the inside . I give this as a gift to each of my child and add booster cable , flashlight , extra battery , map , emergency flasher , candle in can and match . what a great way to say , `` I love you and be safe '' .
Bag	POS	5	this bag hold more than most bag in term of clean , organized group of equipment . I fit 2 full size dslr -lrb- Canon 1d series body -rrb- . one with lens attach . 5 lens include a 70-200 2.8 , 24-70 2.8 , 17-40 f4 , and 2 prime lens . also pack in the bag be 2 external flash , card , battery , and misc little gadget I use on a regular basis . once fill , it weigh quite a bit , but still feel comfortable consider the weight on my shoulder . this bag be great for long trip when luggage space be limit . I can not stand roller , so I find this to be the best fit for I . for shoot sports\/nature\/portraits \/ etc. . . this bag can take whatever you throw at it . for the price ? it be a no-brainer . I would recommend this bag to anyone who be look for more space to lug camera\/video equipment . my favorite feature of the bag be probably the external pocket which be design so well -lrb- imho -rrb- . they be easy to use and organize with as well . they fit cards\/batteries\/flashes perfectly . it be like they design it specifically for a professional photographer ! who have a thunk ?
Bag	POS	5	great bag . it do fit the a20 and a extra Compact Flash card perfectly . however , it be a bit tight when try to fit 4 ` aa ' battery but it be acceptable . the quality of the bag be top notch and the fabric inside the bag will not scratch the lcd screen . the hidden cover be a bonus !
Bag	POS	5	I give my dad one of these a year ago , and he have give it a workout . I think the company must have read the earlier review , and improve the strength of the bag . Dad have overload he with drill , etc. , and carry it everyplace , and it be show no sign of wear . he be so hard to buy for , it be great to see he thoroughly enjoy it . I be look for something similar but smaller to give he this year for he smaller item .
Bag	POS	5	I be pleasantly suprised when my long heavy gauge jumper cable fit easily into this bag and now behind the seat be a lot neater ...
Bag	POS	4	I have be anticiple the arrival of this tool bag , `` every since '' my daughter tell I she get it for I for x-ma . `` finally '' , a week after x-ma it come . I want to purchase this bag myself , but I think if my wife see another powertool or gadget come in this house , `` she would divorce I '' . -lrb- guy can relate to that '' -rrb- . this bag be perfect . Perfect length , perfect height and very well make . `` only 1 problem I have with this bag , `` the MADE in CHINA '' tag . be there any well make product out here with a MADE in the USA tag on it within this price range .
Bag	POS	5	I think that this be a great bag for the price . I have a d90 , the kit zoom lens , a nikon55-300mm ed , a sb700 , and quite a few small accessory in this bag . it be a snug fit , but I do not have any trouble close the bag , and if I add much more stuff it would be too heavy to carry around all day any way . the strap be very comfortable , and I like the front flap system . I can fit battery , some other junk , and even a pocket camcorder . I be not really sure why some people would write critical review of this bag due to it be size . it be a small bag , and sell as such . if you need a bigger bag , just buy a bigger bag . would you write a critical review of a pair of size 9 shoe for be to small because you wear size 10 ?
Bag	NEG	2	this dust collector bag do catch a majority of the sawdust during cut , however , sawdust still fly out the bottom , top and around the blade , so do cut in a closed basement or close garage be still go to require clean-up .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this for my ... + digital camera and it be do a great job of keep it safe . it do not really have any foam inside that I can see but there be something about it that make it `` thick '' and strong enough to deflect most blow so you camera remain in perfect condition . I also use the many zippered area to store thing such as battery and extra memory card .  the only negative comment I have to make be that I still consider it to be big . I like the idea of slip my camera in my pocket but this case would never fit . you would have to attach it to you belt or , like I , carry it around in you hand . that be why I only give this 4 out of 5 star .
Bag	NEU	3	my first impression be this package have be previously open . after plug in for the first time , see dust blow out ... obviously get someone 's return product . not blow away with appearance . send back for Makita instead ... hopefully this will be new as advertise .
Bag	NEG	1	I do multiple install in a day and any product that can save I time make I money . clean up be a requirement and I be hope this bag would at least help with contain the pile of sawdust that my bosch table create . it do not . in fact , the bag will catch about a 1\/3 or less and then because you have cover the exhaust hole , the sawdust will then blow back thru the blade opening into you face , even with the blade barely expose over you material . this blow back of course cause a dust cloud around the saw . its faster to clean up a large pile of sawdust on the ground from the exhaust hole than clean up a 5 ' area all around the saw from that dust cloud create by use the bag . it look nice and be big enough , but doesnt do the job at all .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be perfectly size and construct to store my jumper cable in the trunk of my car . my jumper cable be fairly large and `` clunky '' and I need something to keep it contain and out of the way . this bag completely take care of the situation .
Bag	POS	4	THIS CAMERA case be AWESOME , BY far one of the finest case I have ever see . if you do NOT PURCHASE this bag you be miss out on a experience of a lifetime . NOT ONLY be the bag SMALL BUT IT CAN AMAZINGLY FIT more PENNIES in IT THAN IT WOULD COST to PURCHASE IT .
Bag	NEG	2	I be look for a bag that would be big enough to carry my Nikon d300 , 18-200 , 70-300 , 28-70 and 17-35 lens . not to mention assorted filter , battery , flash card , etc. . I think , after do quite a bit of research , that this bag would suffice . and I suppose it might , if you carefully tuck everything away in the bag and never actually try to get at anything . sure , the bag will hold a bunch of ` skinny ' lens -lrb- problem stuff in my 17-35 -rrb- , but those lens be bury under layer of padding velcroe in such a way that make all but the expose camera and attach lens readily accessible . for example , the camera and attach lens have to sit on the ` second tier ' of padding in order to use the ` lens gate ' . under the body , totally hide , might be another lens . another problem with the body and lens sit high up , be that the bag 's center of gravity be higher up and more prone to dump out you gear . and speaking of velcro , try to rearrange the pad be sort of like herd cat . another problem be the storage space - there simply be not enough zippered compartment to hold loose item . the front compartment be less of a pouch and more of a sleeve . the side pocket only velcro shut , good luck if it rain . and inside the top lid ? Great for store piece of paper , that be about it . the bag come down to personal preference . I misfire by choose this one .
Bag	POS	5	great bag for my Sony dsc-s85 , fit perfectly . anyone with camera of like size could use this model Lowepro . Quality of Lowepro be great , fitment with camera be superb , it be light and protect . Lowepro be the best bag for the money , you be hear it from a `` very '' satisfied customer .
Bag	POS	5	note : the company website make a point of say that because these bag be degradable , you should plan to use they within a year of purchase . consider that before you buy a huge box of they . why would I pay so much for poop bag , when there be cheaper version and I could use grocery bag or newspaper bag for free ? 1 . these be a luxury item , for sure . as describe , they have a double layer that make you feel like you be less close to the item you be pick up . they come out of the box with the opening easily accessible , so you do not need to struggle to open it up to get you hand inside . they turn inside out and tie very easily , because the 2nd layer make a nice pocket for hold the pickup material . especially great for if you dog occasionally have very soft dropping that require a little work to pick up - definitely make that process less gross . 2 . these have high capacity . when I have my own yard I would sometimes pick up only once a day , and I could get 2-3 pile -lrb- from my medium-sized dog -rrb- into one bag . 3 . you can sometimes buy cheaper knock-off of these at chain pet store , but the knockoff be a different type of plastic that be not degradable , and they feel a little thinner . also , I would rather buy from the company that invent the item , even if it cost a little bit more , as a way of show my appreciation for they effort . 4 . these bag be degradable in landfill . there be cheap single-ply bag that also claim to be degradable , so it be not really a reason for buy they , but might be worth consider as a additional feature . I be not entirely sure if these would work in a backyard dog-waste composter , so contact the company if that be you plan . yes , these bag cost a lot more than cheap poop bag , on a relative basis - 2x to 3x more , depend on what you buy . but on a absolute basis , you be pay a few cent more with each pickup for a nicer experience . I would definitely recommend try they and see if it be worth it to you ! if you be go to pick up after you dog a few time a day , why not fly first class when you do ?
Bag	POS	5	we have several of the Bucket Boss bag and they be all very handy ! this one hold just the jumper cable and glove in one of we daily driver . it be a little skinnier than the Bucket Boss Cable and Tool Bag , which we also have and love . if you be just store jumper cable and a few small item , this one be great . if you want to store a tow strap and\/or jumper cable , flashlight , glove , small tool , reflectors\/flares , etc. then I would recommend the Cable and Tool bag . that one have room for more stuff -lrb- the photo for that one be more helpful -rrb- . both bag have they purpose ; they be sturdy for slide around in vehicle and discrete if you have a open back area . note : bag do NOT come with cable ! sure you can go the cheap route and get that bag and cable combo at walmart , but you get what you pay for ... cheap-cheap-cheap cable and cheapo bag . good luck with that .
Bag	POS	5	they also get away with other stuff -- the vcr , a old laptop , some junk jewelry -- but it be this tote bag -lrb- they use it to abscond with they haul -rrb- I miss the most -- so I be order another one ! it be just the best thing in the world .
Bag	NEG	1	sorry , first this bag be not as large as it look , rather small in fact . in fact it do not look like the picture post at all . it do come in a Bosh package but I can not immagine Bosch would put out this product . the sawdust get clog in the neck of the bag and the dust start blow back from the blade . I know it be difficult to collect sawdust from a table saw but this just be not the solution . it can be a pain in the neck but just keep you shop vac attach .
Bag	POS	4	this be my 3rd lowepro product . fit my g5 and 420ex flash with extra battery and memory card . I take this bag and throw it into my backpack or Nova 5 carrier . do not fit with the omnus bounce attach but be very compact and keep gear safe !
Bag	POS	4	good heavy duty material and suit the function well . keep my cord -lrb- s -rrb- neat and tidy !!! I will give it four star cause there be always room for improvement !
Bag	NEG	1	simple to install and pretty effective . the only draw back be that sliver of scap wood can easily block the `` sawdust tunnel '' that feed the dust into the catcher . empty easily .
Bag	POS	5	all I can say be these be the best ... they be thick and dependable . I have use they year after year and would not like to do without they .
Bag	POS	5	i buy this to replace the hard suitcase for my 2pak drill and sawzall , and also to consolidate my dewalt flourescent flashlight , and the dewalt 18v sd hammer drill -lrb- best tool ever , love it everytime i use , this be by far the best battery tool ever , probably doesnt matter what make or model but a sd battery hammerdrill be awesome -rrb- . this bag give its large size do fill pretty quick , then again i carry alot of stuff . lenth wise it will fit the sawzall but not with a blade in . as far as the height be good but my long screwdriver dont make it , i have to put they in bigger pocket diagonally . i would definitely recommend this to anyone , depend on you need it take it all and then some . give i have four battery tool , two hole see kit in case , a standard drill bit kit in case , load of loose drill bit and see blade , the charger and all four battery , i would say its pretty spacious . strap and handle be very strong , the bottom have two hard plastic runner to give it rigidity and let it slide easy enough . would like to see a full plastic bottom that cup up at the side similar to the big stanley fat max bag but cant have everything . overall excellent , oh do mention the flat square 3\/4 zippered lid far surpass any wide mouth style bag or any bag for that matter even some tool box - when open give complete access to everything . although the top lid be soft - there be a full pocket on the underneath of it that could be line with something ridgid just to keep the contents from get smush when load into a work truck .
Bag	POS	5	if you do not have a vac system , then this will really cut down on some sawdust . it do not take care of all of the dust , but it catch a decent amount . just make sure the outlet be clear before you plug in and start the saw .
Bag	NEG	1	notwithstanding that many people who have evidently never drop a camera be recommend this case , it be inferior in every respect to other case available at a similar price . I return this case and order a different one of similar size , make by a different manufacturer . if you be curious as to what that would be , just do a search within Camera and Photo for 5693 . or check my other review . this case have only a layer of soft foam padding so thin that you can compress it to the thickness of a sheet of paper with the slightest pinch of you thumb and finger . it be incapable of absorb any useful amount of energy , and hence incapable of offer you camera any significant measure of protection . this case use a zipper closure that be not only inconvenient as compare to a snug-fitting flap that close with a side-release buckle , but also , wear of the camera at the point where it will inevitably rub on the zipper , will be unavoidable . this be a horrible design , altogether inappropriate for the intended purpose . the cover that pull out and cover 3\/4 of the case might help to deter water in situation where it probably would not get wet anyway . the other case that I order will be not quite as good in this respect , but if I be concerned about the camera get wet , I 'll use a plastic zip-lock bag either around the camera inside the case , or else around the case . something else that I do not like about this case be that it use that fuzzy nylon -lrb- or polyester -rrb- for the lining , which be the same stuff that you see use a lot for line the pocket of coat and jacket . it be suppose to simulate soft cotton , but it be not the same . the fuzzy fiber have a way of stick to my finger . in the jacket that I have that use this stuff , every time I put my hand in the pocket and then pull they out , the pocket lining would come out along with my hand . I just do not like the scratchy feel of this stuff , and I prefer a smooth lining that simulate silk instead .
Bag	POS	5	when I purchase this bag I read some other review and I see a couple comment that think the quality of the material be not that good so I be hesitant . I order it anyways becasue of the sale price and be very happy with what I receive . yes - the bag be not as heavy duty as what I would have like , but for around $ 9 , what do you expect . after 20 year of have jumper cable under the back seat of my truck and constantly push they back into a coil and have people step on they when they uncoil and one end flip back out , I be really happy to have they in a bag , a flashlight in the outer pouch , and neatly store where they belong .
Bag	POS	5	I would be look for a inexpensive bag for my new Olympus E-100 r for a couple of month . most bag be too small or too big for the camera . this one be just right . very reasonably price too .
Bag	POS	5	Bucket Boss have always use quality material and craftsmanship in they product . this jumper cable bag be no exception . this be a quality bag at a very reasonable price , and it do a great job of organize those pesky jumper cable , that usually sit in a big mess , in the trunk of the car . this bag even contain my extra long , 25 foot jumper cable . go with Bucket Boss and you will not be disappoint .
Bag	POS	5	we have use these bag ever since we find they provide at we national park area . I hate use newspaper bag or grocery bag and I find that a lot of the other bag on the market be just as flimsy and if you have large hand , they be difficult to hold on to the waste and turn inside out . we pay about the same price as at the local pet store but get double the bag . never leave home without they . not sure about the comment that they be flimsier than before , they be still 100 % better than a grocery bag !
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for my husband as a Christmas present . after he would use it for over a month , I ask he what he think of it . he love be able to throw everything into one bag -lrb- he be a carpenter -rrb- . it be durable , roomy , plenty of pocket . the one drawback , he say , be that if he fill it with as much stuff as it would hold , it be too heavy to carry around the job site ! -lrb- e.g. , when he be do commercial work , there be a ton of walk compare to when he be do residential . -rrb- so that be about the one thing that could improve this bag - put it on wheel with a telescoping handle -lrb- like a suitcase -rrb- . : - -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	I wish everyone would take the time to write product review . they be really helpful . I buy this sander because I be refinish we oak kitchen cabinet . I have to sand the dark stain off back to the bare wood . the sander need tracking adjustment by quite a bit but seem to hold the tracking once adjust . the bag and attachment do not match up with the picture on the manual , but be the same as picture in the online catalog . the sander come with a 80 grit belt . this work quite well for my project , but it would be pretty agressive for softer wood . actually , I need something agressive for my job . I have be use 40 grit with a ro for starter , but the Bosch belt sander do just as well with the 80 grit and the wood be a lot smoother . I be very satisfied with this product and the belt be easy to change . I would have give it 5 star if the tracking be easier to adjust . the overall weight be good for work on the side of cabinet rather than some of the heavier belt sander .
Bag	POS	4	before I have this bag , I have a cheap nylon bag that come with my camera . it be ok , but not like this ! this one have everything !  pack with pocket , customizable divider , large front accessory pocket , and side mesh - it have it all . Great for a 35mm SLR camera and at LEAST two lens and a flash . plus , it hold around 3 roll of extra film ! you could use this for a compact camcorder , but make sure you know the measurement .  the only drawback be the shoulder strap - which be just ok , nothing special .
Bag	POS	4	if you do not have many accessory this be a really nice camera bag .  if you have a standard point and shoot with a fully retractable zoom lense this be the bag for you . it will have ample storage for you camera , memory card and battery . this bag have one moveable divider so you can adjust the compartment size for you camera .  if you have a camera with any kind of lens adapter or if you have quite a few extra , I would highly recommend a bigger camera bag .
Bag	POS	5	the bag hold all we camera equipment plus film and many other extra . I recomm this camera bag for those people who need a small camera bag but with a lot of space .
Bag	POS	5	I receive the dust collection bag sooner than I have expect . it fit perfectly and it be now collect all the dust from my table saw . clean-up be so much easier . thank you , Tom Jenkins
Bag	NEU	3	this bag do not really catch much of the dust . I guess table saw be just go to make a mess , but this do little to alleviate that .
Bag	POS	5	typical Bucket Boss construction , which be to say quite good . I mean to buy something like this a long time ago . my Hitachi frame gun might not look so rough now if I have . good value .
Bag	POS	5	I really love this bag . it be extremely versatile and tough . I recommend any diy to get one .
Bag	POS	5	I can say that I be very happy with the bag as I buy it to carry a set of the Michelin 5100 cable that have the large box to protect from reversed hook-up for my wife 's car . it be pretty easy get the cable set into the bag and it stow away nicely in she spare tire area . with the Michelin cable though there really be not much room for anything else in the bag . still it be a good bag for jumper cable that either do not come with a bag or have fall apart .
Bag	POS	5	first , I be bias . I own several Bosch tool and I like they . this belt sander be no exception . it be well balanced , easy to handle , small enough to get in some pretty tight space , and the variable speed be a definite plus . the first thing I use it for be to take some old rough paint off about 400 foot of fascia . not exactly fun even with this tool but at least my arm do not feel like they be go to fall off when I be do -lrb- like the last time I do this with my ancient craftsman -rrb- . at the lowest speed -lrb- to minimize clog -rrb- with 40 grit belt it take about 3-4 hour and I spend as much time move my home-made scaffolding as actually sand .
Bag	POS	4	the bag seem to capture most of the sawdust and it be reasonably easy to empty . it meet my expectation .
Bag	POS	5	I like this style of sander for many reason . to early to tell if I be real happy . track seem to be a issue out of the box . I 'll follow up after I figure it out .
Bag	POS	5	I have the Kodak DC 3400 camera - and this carry case be perfect for it . this case be compact - but yet large enough to take everything along that I need : extra battery , pc cable , the camera 's manual and cd disk , and a Kodak AA battery charger .  it work so well with the dc 3400 , it be almost as if it be make for it . good case for the money .  to see if this case be right for you , compare you digital camera 's dimension to Kodak 's dc 3400 . if the camera be similar in size , you be all set .
Bag	POS	4	my hp photosmart c200 fit nice and snug in this case , it be a great little bag .
Bag	NEG	1	I buy this item over a month ago and it still have not ship ! who know what kind of rating to give the bag , but for customer service this group get a `` f ''
Bag	POS	5	this bag really do hold everything ! I do not have a laptop but that be not a problem because I use that section as a place to put thing I need quickly or to put away safely like contact lense case and stuff like that . with the very handy clip for the key , I be not stand out in the rain hunting for key that have fall to the bottom of the bag . I would seriously recommend this bag to anyone who need a little more versatility but want a bag that would not look out of place at work either . one particularly fine day , I manage to fit in book , a mini picnic and my jacket and not once do my shoulder feel like it be about to break . no mean feat . buy it , buy it now !
Bag	POS	4	Perfect size for 20 ' 4ga . cable . keep they coil and compact for storage behind seat or in trunk .
Bag	POS	5	what a great buy ! this bag work great for either a digital still camera or mini camcorder . I purchase the Lowepro 40aw after research they on the internet and check out the lowepro site . I originally buy the 40 aw to use with my Toshiba PDR M-5 Digital still Camera . I could fit either the still camera and all the accessory -- cable , filter , you name it , or my Canon zr10 with \* almost \* all the gear . but I love it so much I buy the Lowepro Digital beltpack AW for the zr10 . they be high quality camera bag and the Digital variety come with a special lining that will not scratch sensitive lcd screen ! lot of extra little pocket for tape , smart card , cable , and charger too . the outside be soft yet rugged and well construct . I think my high dollar digital camera investment feel safe and sound in this great camera bag !
Bag	POS	5	that be it . i be happy with it . it do not carry itself , but it be a nice bag .
Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this bag in hope that end of day clean-up would be make simpler . despite cut only kiln-dried interior trim stock the sawdust begin back up in the saw 's discharge chute long before the bag be even half full . I guess only a dust collection system will help I .
Bag	POS	5	find this DeWalt d6100 tool bag a great accessory for my d51823 clip head nailer . the nailer fit inside the bag , slightly at a angle , but with additional space for clip of nail and accessory I need in conjunction with its use . this high quality tool bag be definetly rugged enough and construct in such a manner that it will withstand the weight of the item I need to do the job .
Bag	POS	5	Great little camera bag for the Pentax EI-200 & HP-618i . have a tough time find a camera bag that meet my need , and the Lowepro website do a fantastic job of provide a list of compatible camera for each bag . check it out !
Bag	NEG	1	I be still wait for this item , and I , too , order it in late December . the other two bonus item come quickly , but it be the bag I really want most ! come on people ... and today my delivery estimate change to add another MONTH ???? you have get to be kid I .
Bag	POS	4	I have a Panasonic dv-51 -lrb- cool camcorder for beginner -rrb- and this bag be just the right thing for it . it have 2 front zip pocket which can hold the cable and adapter\/charger . you will have to squeeze in the tape and extra battery with the camcorder . you can resize compartment inside the bag . this help to make space for battery , tape etc. . you wont be able to use this bag for Sony Digital8 camcorder as they be pretty big and will be the only thing which you can fit in the available space . I would advise against use this bag for any camcorder heavier\/bigger than the Panasonic pv-dv51 .
Bag	NEU	3	it be a nice bag with many pocket and quality material , but ... I like the ` ridgid ' 22 '' bag better . it be roomier and have a stiffer bottom and better handle . the bottom of this bag provide almost no support . if you look around , I think you 'll find better option .
Bag	POS	5	this Bucket Boss be very functional for automotive use and be a top quality construction . I recommend they product !
Bag	POS	5	no regret buy this . Works as expect and track stay very true . happy to have another makita tool in my shop
Bag	NEG	1	this bagger be worthless uless you want a lot of dust and debree in you workshop -lrb- and lung -rrb- -- it collect almost nothing . hook a ShopVac to the exhaust of you table saw .
Bag	POS	5	the bag hold up as well or better than the cable do ! we continue to buy this product as we get new service van and store jumper cable in each one . this be the perfect way to store jumper cable . and it hold up very well . we have not have to replace one yet . we have only buy more to store more set of jumper cable as we like to have a set in every van . we have this wild idea that if we have they , we will not need they . but actually we use they more to help other than to help ourselves . and that be better than any yellow page ad for build goodwill in a community . Amazon be now the only place we buy this product and some store stop carry the product . but we keep buy they .
Bag	POS	5	I be a woodcarver and I use the Gatemouth to transport work in progress , along with my tool , on trip , etc. . it be roomy and also sturdy enough to protect the contents .
Bag	POS	5	great bag for the money . seem to be robust construction and lot of little pocket . the internal divider be simple , adjustable and sturdy . the velcro-closure pocket be only on one side of the bag . the other side be just simple , open-top pocket .
Bag	POS	4	this bag have most of what I have be look for but nowhere in you advertisement could I find the size . guessing by the picture , it be smaller than I expect . it be well make but do not have room for more than 2 extra roll of film and there be not a place for my passport !
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag on Amazon to be use at my job about two month ago . I work as a delivery Guy for a appliance store , and I also assemble thing at the store when not on the Truck . I keep everything I need in this bag , and then some ! Nut Drivers , Screw Drivers , wrench -lrb- pipe , crescent , open\/box set -rrb- , tape measure , a small level , Pliers of all sort , a rubber mallet and a hammer , and I even throw in a 12v black and Decker drill along with bit and a set of power nut driver . the scary thing be ... it CAN hold more ! bad for my tool buy addiction , but good for the on the go handy man who need everything ! very sturdy ! can not recommend enough . also have a guy work with I who have the Gatemouth Jr. , andit be another great bag , albeit a little smaller .
Bag	POS	5	this case have be even better than anticipate . I can carry everything -- extra memory , battery , charger , cable for download to any computer , camera , software cd -- everything ! it be different compartment hold and separate all the essential accessory that allow I to share photo where ever I be . this be one of those truly helpful gift to give to yourself or to someone else .
Bag	NEU	3	fine bag . hold my Olympus d-460 -lrb- and manual -rrb- , 4 extra smart card , 8 aa battery , my kodak photolife k1000 aa battery charge kit , various cable , and FlashPath 3.5 ' floppy adaptor with ease .
Bag	POS	4	lot of space to accomodate stuff . strong , lightweight and useful . but you can get a Sears version fo about half the price .
Bag	POS	5	I agree with the other reviewer regard the flat side , it give flexibility for sand small part and make adjustment after change belt . as a add bonus , I be surprise to find that the shop vac hose attachment from Bosch that I purchase for my orbital sander work with this belt sander . this make it much quicker to achieve a smooth finish as it really help to pull the dust off the work surface . I recommend purchase the hose attachment . dust bag , regardless of the tool brand just do not work as well . all in all this be a fine product for a reasonable price .
Bag	NEU	3	this be a quality bag and well make be you be someone look for a compact bag to hold a single camera . we want a bag that would hold we camcorder as well as a small 35 mm camera and film . we find this bag a little to small for we need .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag for my digital camera and my 35mm point-and-shoot camera . both fit with plenty of extra room for film , memory sticks\/cards , and extra battery . the inside be line with a soft , felt-like material with do not scratch the lcd display on my digital camera . also on the inside , there be a adjustable velcro divider . on the bottom of this bag , there be a hide-away waterproof hood that cover the entire bag . all together , it protect my camera from day-to-day handling and the element . overall , a excellent product .
Bag	POS	5	make of durable material , this bag unzip and open wide , like a book , so the cable can be easily re-coiled inside . keep you trunk neat , so whatever else you put in there do not get tangle up with you jumper cable . Big enough for a 25 foot set of Coleman 4-gauge cable . a external pocket for other item . would also work great around the shop for compressor hose . a good value , especially with the freebie mug boss .
Bag	POS	5	not too big , not too small ... just the right size for my dslr , a rather large flash , three extra battery and memory card , and three lens . the bag be well design to protect you camera against rain and bumping . the camera body with lens attach be design to sit on the left side center with the lens run down the middle - the bag 's design be flexible enough to support short stubby lens or the longer telephoto lens . there be two accessory pouch with one up front for battery and memory card and the other up on the cover for anything else . I put my cable , tool , and cleaning cloth up there . the top secure with three rather large strap clip and it come with a nice shoulder strap . there be strap on the left and right which accept accessory pouch from the Tamrac MX line . the fit and finish seem top rate and worthy of year and year worth of service .
Bag	POS	5	the GateMouth bag be the perfect fit for my Hitachi NR90AE nailer . Quality be great
Bag	POS	5	I love this case ! it be so compact and hold more than just you camera ! I think that if you have trouble keep track of all the separate bag of little thing , you really should think of this camera case as a solution !
Bag	POS	5	I now have two Bucket Boss , Jr. bag and I find they to be the perfect size and rugged . the bigger these satchel be , the more I try to stuff into they , which end up with too heavy a bag and too much stuff dump in it . I like have smaller , label carryall so I can stay organize , even when I be work quickly .
Bag	POS	5	this be a well construct cable bag . it have enough room for jumper cable - plus . I would recommend it for anyone want to buy a jumper cable bag .
Bag	POS	5	this sander be top shelf stuff . it balance in you hand and hum along while maintain the belt tracking setting without walk . you can tell there be quality build in if you have ever use a cheaper homeowner 's tool . I have a craftsman for 35 year that serve I well but go out in a blaze of glory and I need to replace it pronto . I dig deep and get the Makita and I will be happy to write another fine review in about 35 year or so . it be sometimes difficult to down a product when you spend a lot of $ $ $ on it but this one be really worth the extra freight .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this case as a accessory to my HP 315 PhotoSmart digital camera . I like the camera very much so it may be bias my view of the bag , but here go :  I like the bag . it be attractive to look at . it be a bit big for the camera I buy , but too big be better than too small !  it be get one main pouch that be very large and I use it to hold my camera and all my cord .  it have a shoulder strap that I do not like -lrb- because it make I look like a tourist -rrb- .  overall it be a very good bag , if a little large with a ugly shoulder strap .
Bag	NEU	3	Tamrac be a great company . this bag be well construct , visibly durable and nicely design , but it just be not a good size . if you really do hope to fit in two DSLR 's with lens attach of normal length , you 'll be disappoint to find out theres hardly any room leave to fit a long lens or a even two normal lens . it be just too cramped . although the pocket on the top , front , and side of the bag be great and fit lot of thing , the main compartment be too small to fit two camera and lens comfortably . I be return mine and upgrade to the pro 12 , which be a perfect size for two body and 2 or 3 lens and a flash .
Bag	POS	4	the Tamrac System 3 camera bag be perfect for slr owner who also have one or two compact lens -lrb- e.g. , the typical 28-200mm or 70-300mm zoom lens -rrb- in addition to the lens attach to the camera , plus a small external flash . the bag be small compare to other slr gadget bag , but the inside can be partition in flexible way . it be also well-padded , both inside and outside . it also have lining pocket for thing like usb cable , camera body cap , lens cap , filter , etc. . at the front , there be a compartment for miscellaneous item such as film , memory card , pen , lens cleaning paper , etc. . hide behind this be a pull-out pouch for battery and memory card , plus a ID tag -lrb- kinda hard to write on , though -rrb- . you can also use the compartment this pouch be in to store film , etc , although stuff might fall out if you be not careful . at the back be another compartment , which I use to store the manual of my Nikon d70 . as you can see , this `` small '' bag be very versatile . in addition , you can get Tamrac 's add-on pouch and pocket to attach to the strap or the side of the bag , for additional storage . I look at many bag before settle on this one . it be compact and weigh about 1.5 pound , so it be material enough to withstand tough condition yet light enough for shoulder-use . as I mention it be also well padded and can accommodate extension . if you be the typical slr enthusiast with a total of 2-3 compact lens and\/or a small flash unit , you 'll find this bag a very good fit for you need .
Bag	POS	5	when I buy this bag , I be not sure if it would be just what I be look for . believe I , it really do the job ! I keep my Digtal Camcorder , -lrb- JVC gr-dvl300u -rrb- my Digital Camera , -lrb- RCA cd - 4100 -rrb- my Qualcomm cell Phone , battery for both camera , extra tape and disk for each camera , all the attachment , and still have room for more stuff . it be the best bag I have ever see and sure do all I expect of it . if anyone be look for a bag for they camera , I would really give this one a hard look . Stan
Bag	POS	5	I use this bag for work , therefore I need something that I can depend on not to break in the field . hold -lrb- 3 -rrb- camera easily . I know it say two but if you can get creative it will hold -lrb- and do -rrb- 3 . it also hold three battery , three slr -lrb- 1 digital 2 35mm -rrb- two extra lens , as well as a ton of film . again I highly reccommend this bag , my job require that I be hard on my equipment and this bag be up to the task , but what do I know ? my opinion , buy it I be sure you will not return it .
Bag	POS	5	my Canon A80 , Panasonic BQ-390 quick charger with 4 extra battery , uplink cord , a\/v patch cord and extra cf card all fit nicely in this case . there be a little more room in it for a few other thing too . the little rain hood that be sew in the back be a plus that I do not expect . Great case , compact design . beat the snot out of the Canon case hand down .
Bag	POS	4	this well-made dust collector for the Bosch Table see appear to be make of nylon and cotton and attach to the dust port at the rear of the saw . it have a zippered bottom , and do collect sawdust . it be not as good as connect to a shop vac but even with a shop vac you will still have sawdust to pick up -- with any make of `` job-site '' saw . I frequently use my saw in a garage so I use the dust collector and I also place a cardboard box under the saw . a great deal of the sawdust go into the box , quite a bit go into the Bosch dust collector , and a goodly amount will still be all over the floor . this be the way with all saw of this type . the price be great $ 10.99 , and I order it with a saw thus avoid any shipping fee or sale tax . I do recommend this accessory as it be a help . I order it on January 30 , with a delivery date on or before February 14 . I receive it before February 10 . it be well-packed . I be more than happy with Amazon and Bosch .
Bag	POS	5	these bag be convenient , strong , easy to use , and handy to carry around . we like they so much that we give out sample to other dog walker we meet .
Bag	POS	5	it have be say in a couple of review now but people need to understand this be a new version of the bag -lrb- mine ship September 2011 -rrb- and it do have a zipper to empty it out on the bottom . the material be similar to the material on the bag for my bosch planer and it have hold up fine for a while now . it do a great job catch the dust that go through the dust port , of course you will still get dust from other part of the table saw , but versus no bag \/ vacuum it be a huge improvement and for the price I would recommend it to anyone . it be a 5 star product .
Bag	POS	5	I have a old tudor-style house with lot of oak paneling and trim . my other sander be 5 '' and 6 '' Bosch random orbit unit , and 1\/4 and 1\/2 sheet Porter Cable finish sander . the Bosch 1274dv belt sander fit in perfectly when I need more aggressive sand action on the wood paneling and oak door . I have even find it light enough to use on vertical surface and even overhead trim for short period . it be very effective remove the old finish and quickly expose the raw oak for refinish . I use the 1274dv first and then follow-up with the random orbit or finish sander for perfect wood preparation . although other do not care for the bag dust collection -lrb- and neither do I -rrb- , my method for control dust be to remove the bag completely and attach the sander to my shop vacuum use the Bosch hose . I probably capture 90 % or more of the dust . I have have no trouble with this sander since I buy it from Amazon 18 month ago . then again , as a homeowner , I try not to abuse my tool so I have be fortunate with the overall reliability from my Bosch , DeWalt , and Porter Cable tool . I would buy the Bosch 1274dv again in a heartbeat . by the way , I just order the Bosch 1276dv belt sander -lrb- 4x24 -rrb- from Amazon to give I even higher productivity refinish pine paneling in my den .
Bag	NEG	2	buy this along with the saw since I know I would be use it inside for install new flooring . it ` collect ' maybe half of the saw dust . finally disconnect this waste of money and hook the shop vac to the saw with much better result .
Bag	POS	5	for the same price , you can choose between this bag -lrb- cbv12 -rrb- which have a detachable camera bag , or the cbv15 , which be a slightly larger bag . so , you have to decide if you like the detachable convenience , or if you want more space . I choose more space and get the cbv15 , but my choice may not be right for you .  the great advantage of this bag be that the entire top unzip -lrb- it be actually a double run zipper which give you a wide storage space while everything stay in place -rrb- . it be great for my movie camera so I get another one for my digital still camera . I can keep 20 minus cd plus mark pen , extra battery and charger , and my bulky but essential viewing hood . when the bag open you can see everything , place everything , and when it close everything stay in place . after a year I have decide the design be probably the most convienent I have use in 30 yr .
Bag	POS	4	this tool last only 5 hour before break . the current project be 250 sf of hardwoord flooring in my own house , with another 350 sf to follow . the wood be mill austrialian brushbox , which have above average hardness but probably softer than oak . I decide rent and use a commercial floor sander be too risky , and that a hand hold could get the job do . my 15 year old Black & Decker -lrb- 3x21 , 3.4 amp , hot , noisey , no dust removal , no switch lock -rrb- would bog down with 120 grit at a slow rate of coverage and require frequent vacuuming . so I upgrade to the Bosch 1274dv -lrb- 3x21 , 6.6 amp , quieter , 1-1\/4 dust port -rrb- , gamble that the size and power could spin 80 grit at a reasonable rate of coverage . the other rave review about the ergonomics be true . get a dust port be fantastic in that , when hook up to a medium size shop vac , almost no dust be put into the air or leave on the floor during sand . the machine remain cool under continuous duty and the switch lock allow you hand and finger to relax . I still need headphone with both the sander and the shop vac go . as for muscle , I can report that Bosch 's 6.6 amp be good enough for dyi'er to make two pass -lrb- 250sf , 80 & 120 grit -rrb- in about 6 hour . unfortunately , the tool do not last that long . about 3 hour in , I have a power cord accident , something that never occur in 15 yr with the B&D; . the cord be sweep into the slot behind the rear roller . the motor be scream , the cord be fly around , the machine be twist out of my grip . it take about 8 seconds to get control of the machine and figure out how to unlock the power switch . during this time I be wonder whether I will get this thing shut off before I get electrocute as it gnaw through the cord . unfortunately I be kill . no , just kid . cord extraction require some strong tug and a large screw driver to pry away pressure from the roller . the tough rubber cord survive and be in acceptable condition . I then do what anyone would do -lrb- with the exception of a Bosch engineer -rrb- , wonder why they could not make the slot just a little smaller or the cord just a little thicker . much later I find the user manual warn `` the cord can be drag into belt housing and become entangled with the pulley . '' nice . so the machine go back into service , only with a thump-thump-thump . after two more hour , I notice the power drive be start to slip unacceptably . I take the tool apart , look for some kind of clutch mechanism in the gear train . find a lot of german high precision and material quality , but no clutch . while reassemble the machine , I find the trouble . the rubber drive belt be miss tooth and start to wear through . Bingo . during the power cord accident , the cord jamb the drive roller but the upper drive gear continue to spin , take out tooth in the drive belt . I calculate the cost per hour of buy this tool and consider blast Bosch with a zero-star rating . instead I decide to include they service & repair organization into the total picture . log online , I find that in this metro area -lrb- Silicon Valley -rrb- they have several affilated drop off shop and one factory service\/sales center . I stop by the factory center , buy a $ 7 belt out of local stock , and install it myself . after one day of down time the machine be now back on the job and work fine . so Bosch be back up to four star , but only because they service organization and inventory save they butt .
Bag	POS	4	look so nice and clear , I want to buy it after I see it .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be well build and really , really sturdy . I buy it to carry my software and tool for my computer repair business . I can not believe how much easier it make my life !!
Bag	POS	4	I buy this to replace one that get steal on new year 's day . ca not live without it . I have to have another . could it be better ? yes , but that could be say of just about anything . however , I can get all my brush into this , my 2-4 pole , caulk gun , masker , knee-pad , nail , hammer , punch , mask , extra cartridge , a full sleeve of tape , four screwdriver , scraper , and still have room . imho this be the best toolbag for painter on the market . the only thing I can not get into this bag be cut-pots and a 5 gal . bucket with grid and frame . but hey , if it be that big , I would not be able to lift it . all in all , I be very glad I buy this tool bag .
Bag	POS	5	I be go to purchase a Bosch that be similar to the Makita . the review be less than favorable for the Bosch . I have use the Makita in my handyman business . the long cord that come standard be so convenient , it be about 20 ' long . I do not have to look for a extension cord every time I want to use it . it have plenty of power , the dust collection bag be good , it will hook up to my collection system I have in my shop with no modification . Belt change be a breeze . this be one fine tool that be ready to work from the moment you remove it from its packaging . I be sure happy with it and would buy another one if the need arise .
Bag	POS	5	love these buy five of they ! ~ I bough these for all of we ... myself , my husband , my daughter , my son , and my daughter in law ! ~ they be super nice and I love the the fact that it be just what you need in case you need it ! ~
Bag	POS	4	this tote make lug around a etx90 spot scope much easier . there be one internal compartment and a zippered internal pocket . there be enough room for the etx90 and a few accessory . just don ' r forget to bring you tripod ...
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag a year ago . as a teacher i be always look for a competent bag ! i love this bag - it be durable and keep very clean . my only 2 problem with it be : the inside pocket when fill up , hang low into the bag if the bag be not zip up and you have to fish around for the pocket and the strap could be longer . otherwise this be a good bag for you money .
Bag	POS	5	Maximum organizational capacity ! amaze at just how much this little bag can hold and how easy it be to access .
Bag	POS	5	and its rain resistant -lrb- get stick in the rain at practice a few time -rrb- , pad for drop protection and fit a boatload of stuff . Got my gamboy on one side and my digicam on the other . aa battery in the secret compartment , and money and stuff on the outside .
Bag	POS	4	this be the second one of these handy bag that I have purchase . my son snag my first one and it be still go strong after eight or more relatively hard year skid back and forth across the bed of a pick-up -lrb- why he do not tie it down I will never understand !! -rrb- . I do notice that the material have change since my last purchase but this latest stuff be refer to as `` rip stop '' and it seem tough enough . my first bag have a few scuff mark but no rip what so ever . this be a very practical sort of thing to own in that everyone need a emergency kit in they vehicle . if you do not want various and sundry thing adrift and roll around in you trunk or underneath a seat in you car , this bag be for you . there be enough room in the bag for I to have in addition to 14 ' eight gauge jumper , a 25 ' tow strap 2 '' wide with two hook plus a handful of chemlite . there be a small pocket on the front of the bag that you can most probably find a use for . add a decent first aid kit and you 'll be better able to handle `` problem '' that may come you way . `` be prepare , '' winter be almost upon we .
Bag	POS	5	I have have this bag , the Tamrac 5612 pro 12 since March 2010 . the storage capacity and ease of use make this bag a must have . I carry two camera body , 4 lens , 3 flash , memory card , require cable , and all the user manual and they all fit and be easy to put in and take out . for everyday use this bag rock . the big test be go on vacation . I just spend a week in Puerto Rico and this bag more than pay for itself . fully pack this bag weigh more than 20 lb but the balance and comfort of this bag make it easy to carry around . but the main thing for I be all my equipment make the trip and back in perfect shape . I be in and out of this bag many time a day and never have any problem finding or replace my equipment . I actually wish I could give it more than 5 star .
Bag	NEG	2	not sure why this product state a gatemouth or ridgid bottom ; the product I receive have none of these feature . the picture be accurate of what I receive ; however , the description , and the majority of the review here be describe a previous\/alternative version of this bag . a simple web search will reveal a photo of the actual `` gatemouth '' product -lrb- with a hinged top -rrb- , but i can not seem to find any vender on line offering that version of the bag . this be still decent bag , but probably not worth the $ 30 price tag . I 'll most likely rma this product . Bummed ...
Bag	POS	4	this bag have ample space to carry one SLR camera with a lens of decent size . there be room for a extra lens or flash unit under the actual camera compartment , as well as two small side-pouch on the outside , say for keep extra film . it provide good protection for you camera . I rate it four star .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander from Amazon several month ago , and I have sure give it a good workout since I have have it . it track very well , and be powerful enough for even the toughest job . change the belt be far easier than most model ... a big plus . this be the first Bosch tool I have owner , and it have make I a believer in the brand . the tool be exceptionally well construct , and build to last . I could not be more pleased with the purchase .
Bag	POS	5	it be good and very easy to handle ! you can put anything from a pda to a camera in it ! it also look nice and be protective of what be inside . the Koskin look also a lot like leather and be a investment well spend .
Bag	POS	4	fit in the storage space under the rear deck of my Prius . Perfect for the battery cable , flare , couple of tool . most tool bag or emergency road kit be too bulky to fit . bag construction seem to be very good . price be ok too . you can not buy much for the $ 20 - $ 25 range anymore .
Bag	POS	4	after get my new Canon , I go to LowePro 's site to find the perfect bag , have use they product for we previous camera . they camera matrix make this a snap . three model be list as the best fit , and I could only find this one locally -lrb- which I need , to try it out -rrb- . the 30 be quite large for my camera , but enable I to load it bottom-down , rather than on-edge like several of the other I try . when unzipped , you can access all storage area , include two small pouch in front for spare memory card -lrb- they would easily hold 6 cf card -rrb- . the bag have a cushion , fleece interior , with a separate small pocket for spare aa . the main storage area also come with a removable cushion divider which attach with velcro , so you can subdivide the camera area as you wish . when I be try the camera on-edge I use it , but once I place the camera in bottom-first , I do not need it . for the s1 there be quite a bit of room on top . another add feature be the all-weather cover which be hide in the outside back of the case . pull out , it fit over the case like a rainhat , keep you camera and other item dry . Pretty cool . the shoulder strap be removable and well-designed , and the case also have a triple velcro belt-loop affair , if you would like to hang it closer . this case be probably too large for I to attempt that , but I like have the option . the 25 be another case which should fit my Canon s1 , but since I could not find it locally I buy this case , and be please with it . Ritz Camera : $ 29.99 Amazon : $ 20.84
Bag	POS	5	after have attend the 2000 Belmont stake with my Canon Elph lt camera and get good , but very distant look photo , I decide I need a good zoom lens camera for my next trip . after some search , I have come across the Minolta Freedom Zoom 160 . at the time I have purchase it , it have the longest zoom lens available in my budget . I take it with I to the 2002 Belmont stake and I be amaze at my final result !  I have take 75 photo -lrb- about 10 have come out blurry , but mainly because my hand be shake and no fault to the camera -rrb- , and they come out very crisp , clear and vibrant . I suggest that anyone who use this camera get they photo make onto a photo cd , because that where the camera 's detail really stick out .  Photograph example available : -lrb- website -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	let I first say , I be a fan of Bucket Boss . I have have the smaller Bucket Boss bag for year , and have be very happy with it . I do not want to go up in size , because I end up carry my tool bag all over the place when I be work , and a bigger bag mean I 'll end up put in more tool which will weigh more ... I digress . so I buy the long boy , and it have work great . I will say that it do not have much individual storage for smaller tool . I use a tool roll for thing like screwdriver , scissors , etc. . then I put expendable like wire in the outside pocket , where I 'll be able to find they quickly . power tool like my drill and charger go on one side of the movable divider inside , and larger hand tool go on the other side with the tool roll . it be not a perfect system , because I have to take the tool roll out to get to smaller tool . but the bag have hold up well , it be comfortable to carry with the strap , and the shape work for my need .
Bag	POS	5	as be the case with most other Bucket Boss product , this be a well-made , sturdy bag that keep jumper cable in they place under the seat in the back of my pickup truck . the bag have hold up well over the past five year as I be invariably call on to lend the cable for a jump start at least four to five time per year . there be also enough room in the bag - even with 4-gauge cable - for a pair of safety glass , pliers , a battery terminal brush , among other item .
Bag	POS	5	this be a perfect digital camera bag and have many compartment . the inside have a divider -lrb- adjustable -rrb- so that you can carry the camera and other accessory -lrb- a cell phone in my case -rrb- . it be fairly spacious so that a variety of camera fit inside . my Kodak dc4800 fit fine . there be also zipper compartment for storage of flash card , spare battery and instruction manual . the include shoulder strap be adjustable . there be currently 2 version of this bag . Mine have a zipper around the top -- a friend of mine buy one and hers look exactly as picture in this ad . you will not be disappoint with this bag .
Bag	NEU	3	this work ok , but I have not test it against hook up my shop vac since I can ' t find a adapter for my ridgid vac . I wish they have design the bag 4 inch shorter . when I fold up the gravity stand , the bag hang down and get catch up in the wheel . more than once , I fold the bag over the rod to roll the stand around , forget to unfold it and then use the saw . the bottom port fill up quickly and then really throw the dust back up through the blade area .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be a great bargain -lrb- though I get it as a gift -rrb- . there areton of great little pocket here and there ... even one to put my cell phone in . as for put a laptop in there , I have problem put my big Dell Inspiron in there ... though it do fit but it be tight . another work laptop I have -- also a Dell but a bit smaller and probably more the size of the average laptop fit in there perfectly . it be fairly comfortable and fit a lot . it be a kind of heavy bag to begin with ... so if you use it as makeshift gym bag or beach bag , a simple towel and some cd make it heavier than you would probably want .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this to organize small tool in the event of a emergency . after receive I discover it make a excellent camera bag , if you be a camera junkie like I . I like to take several different camera with I to plan event and this bag have the room to hold more than one and the accessory . great bag with many different use !
Bag	POS	4	this bag be 5 '' shorter and 2 1\/2 '' narrower than the cbv12 & 15 . it also cost ... less . I buy the cbv15 which be a bit smaller and I really like it . the cbv12 be the same size but incude a detachable camera bag as part of the size . you have to decide what be best for you . here be my review of the similar cbv15 :  the great advantage of this bag be that the entire top unzip -lrb- it be actually a double run zipper which give you a wide storage space while everything stay in place -rrb- . it be great for my movie camera so I get another one for my digital still camera . I can keep 20 minus cd plus mark pen , extra battery and charger , and my bulky but essential viewing hood . when the bag open you can see everything , place everything , and when it close everything stay in place . after a year I have decide the design be probably the most convienent I have use in 30 yr .
Bag	POS	5	i be expect shipping to be much longer ; so i be bowl over at the tracking that say my makita 9903 beltsander be on it be way . i just spend a great afternoon put my new best tool through it be pace . i be a woman ... one accustom to hard work ... and even i be a little wary of the weight of this superb worker . after a few hour of tryout , i barely notice the weight ... it be well balanced and that account for the ease of use . at that , i never once let it go full weight on the dig fur i be trim down , and i do not get tired . the belt trim and bevel beautifully . i do not have a table saw and do not want one . i rip cut my lumber with a steady hand on my circular saw . however i need some wood center brace for under my new shed set on concrete . hard to get they as snug as this virgo want without a powerful belt sander to take off no more than about 1\/32 off the top . makita do just that uniformly and in a snap . darned nice dust collector . that puppy be jam . really do it be job . i do a ton of research before buy at the best price anywhere -lrb- and fast free shipping as well ! -rrb- i want to have one that can be use in a vice . when i pull this one out of the box i realize i will have to wait to make a wood frame myself for it ; my vice , big as it be not wide enough . also , i have to puzzle over just where to afix the vice side ... it will lay flat upside down , but grip the side may take some thinking . gouge be very possible with this puppy go full throttle , but just take a afternoon and some wood scrap and get use to the feel of this totally great little worker and you should have no trouble . when i gouge a bit i just do a descend light circular setdown and it clear right up . i start on a table tomorrow and be eager to use this hard worker . oh , and i notice the roller at the front be good-sized and i plan to use it to finish some large curve for a big treli i plan to build next month . this be gonna be one very use piece of equipment , for sure !
Bag	NEG	1	just purchase the Olympus 4040 and this case , the camera fill about 20 % of the area set aside for the camera . the camera be just too small and bounce around with no protection ! not a good choice .
Bag	POS	5	I use the Makita 9903 to sand down 2 loft bed that I build and it work just fine . very easy to use freehand or clamp down to be use as table sander . change the belt sandpaper be a snap . adjust the belt tracker be easy and once set , it stay without drift off . variable speed be simple to use and effective . the release on the saw dust collection bag be not a zipper but a slide device which work nicely .
Bag	POS	4	this be my first belt sander and I buy it because I need to refinish some walnut paneling . it make strip old finish a breeze ! I have even use it to edge plane some rough cut cherry face frame stock with good success -lrb- use a Klingspor planer belt -rrb- . change belt be easy , and the auto-tracking mechanism work well . I also find the speed control to be really useful . like other I find the dust port to be on the wrong side of the tool , and it have be difficult try to find a adapter to my vaccum that work well .
Bag	POS	5	I have 3 dog and have be use Mutt Mitts for a very long time . yes , they have become thinner in the last few year , but be still a great product . they be also make in rabbit hash which be in the USA !! another plus for I !! bag on board be handy , but rather smaller and thinner . I use mm when I have all three dog out together and bonb when just out with one .
Bag	POS	5	my lovely and delightful roommate buy this for I as a birthday present , and it be wonderful ! Roomy , very well-constructed , and with lot of pocket for all of my accoutrements . it be larger than I have originally anticipate , but that be a extra add bonus . Ideal for a weekend trip , or for drag all of you goody to and from work . it be aesthetically please as well , with the all-black waterproof matierial and slightly silverish piping that be reflective for safety . the shoulder strap pad be great-with a grippy substance on the underside that hold the strap just where you put it . what a great present !
Bag	POS	5	nice sander aggressive , I replace the metal platen with a graphite one for less friction and flatter sanding . fairly quiet , much better than Porter Cables 4x24 . we 'll see how it hold up . I build custom furniture so I use it lot .
Bag	POS	4	I own a Sony Digital8 camera , and this bag hold it perfectly . it be well-constructed , and the pocket hold extra tape and battery , wire , etc. , with some room to spare . while I be happy with this purchase , I would consider spend extra money for the crinkle nylon version -- the Micro Fiber be sturdy , but not as plush as the nylon .
Bag	POS	5	I love this tool bag . I have own it for about a year . I be in the heating and air conditioning business and love all the storage . it have plenty of pocket inside and out . even the guy at work like it , 2 of which immediatly buy they own . now I have to watch which bag I throw tool in , make sure it be my own . this bag be very heavy duty and can take abuse . I have own many different tool bag over the year , and this be by far the best one yet . I would definitly purchase this same bag if this one ever wear out .
Bag	POS	5	I have only use it a couple of time to remove material from door bottom so as to clear new carpeting . work great ! light weight , easy to handle with good feel . do not gouge . dust catcher be good - not great . I would definitely recommend base on my limited use to date .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be a wonderful accessory . it hold all my camera equipment and be very stylish .
Bag	POS	5	my dog be 10 , so I have have the opportunity to try lot of different bag . there be the best . they look good -lrb- in that you can not see anything when fill ! -rrb- , they be easy to open , and I love the extra lining at the bottom . I also really appreciate that they be biodegradable . one large box last I about 5 month . I have never have a problem with they be weak or degrading before they time .
Bag	POS	4	if you want a basic camera that can zoom and have multiple auto-everything feature , this little film camera may be good for you . it be easy for I to carry around when I do not have room for a slr -lrb- single lens reflex -rrb- camera . take decent picture with 400 iso film , but light need to be pretty darn good daylight lighting for the pix to look swell . since purchase this little baby , Minolta go out of the camera business in the mid 2000s . the Freedom zoom 160 come out , I believe , in 2002 , one of the last film point & shoot camera . now I have a digital point & shoot with video capability and a Pentax K-x DSLR that I use for serious photography . but for a back-up camera , the Minolta can not be beat .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great bag ! lot of storage and the layout of the main compartment with the Lens Bridge be pretty nice . the zippered top flap with buckle and velcro be a great feature as it allow quick access with only 1 buckle to remove . and the zipper help to keep dust out when store . very satisfy with this bag !
Bag	POS	5	I store my jumper cable under the rear seat of my pick-up . if I ever need to move they , they get catch up in everything , and flop around like a angry snake . well no more . this tidy little bag be perfect . well make , perfect size for any gauge -lrb- I have 2 of they - the other one for my 2 gauge tractor-winch lead -rrb- . 5 star .
Bag	POS	5	well constucted , easy to operate , get the job do with little effort and do i mention it be a great buy ...
Bag	POS	5	I have have my Bucket Boss for about 2 or 3 year . this be one tough tool bag and have a very strong zipper . I think there be some different size available but this one be just the right size for my use .
Bag	NEG	2	bear in mind that I really just want a basic point-and-shoot camera , I have to say that I do not think this camera deliver all that it be suppose to . I run some test roll of 400 -lrb- manufacturer-recommended speed -rrb- and be not happy with the result -- blurry background when I be not use focus lock on the foreground , and washed-out color -lrb- which might be the film , but might be the camera -rrb- . also , I wish I have listen a little more to the reviewer who mention how the move red focus box in the viewfinder `` freak '' he wife out . I be also bother by the move focus box , could not figure out what they be tell I , and just want to take a good picture . the final blow : my mom 's 20-year-old Canon Sure Shot take great picture , better than this Minolta and she really just pick up the camera and press the button -- not even worry about the occasional use of fill-in flash . if you be look for a slight upgrade from you regular point and shoot , this camera may be for you -lrb- shoot some test roll , and maybe look at one in a store somewhere first before order from Amazon -rrb- , but it be not the best fit for I . I be give it 2 star because some of the problem I have might be due to user error .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this so that I could put the most commonly use tool I have in one easy to pick up and go container . Works like a charm . I want to buy another Bucket Boss , so that I can store all my most frequently use part -lrb- screw , razor blade , nut , bolt , etc. -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	the case attend all my expectative . my Nikon d50 be confortable now : -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	pro - hold lot , well build . con - pocket be too narrow for I to get my hand in , and yet so short that stuff fall out of they
Bag	POS	5	firstly , let I say I get this sander from amazon for about 40 buck less than the sale price offer at local store ; plus free shipping . such a Deal ! this thing work great . Square shape make it easy to get up alongside wall . variable speed dial and lock button allow you to run the thing and put you hand anywhere on the sander . lot of speed and power . Easy on the hand . the dust bag attachment seem to work well , but be anything really dust proof ? I also put this thing upside down in a vise -lrb- with a towel around the vise jaw -rrb- and use it as a stationary sander . and for those who care , it be not make in Taiwan or China by underpaid foreign worker , but in Switzerland . hopefully by well-paid immigrant worker . I be not a contractor , so I haven ` nt torture test this thing , but if you be a homeowner who want to have the kid fight over you tool when you be go , or simply want to have a impressive estate sale , you can not beat this sander . it be way better to buy this baby and have it for life , rather than buy 50 buck sander from the hardware store every few year .
Bag	POS	5	after decade of carry loose jumper cable and separate tool box in the trunk of car or rear compartment of van and suv , I now have everything in one bag . there be enough room for a basic selection of screwdriver , adjustable wrench , flashlight , shop towel , etc. . it be such a attractive package that I have slip a small cable lock through one of the bag 's handle and a tie-down ring in the trunk -lrb- not both handle , as I want to be able to open the bag quickly in a emergency -rrb- . I be concerned that it be so attractive that someone at a car wash or auto shop might be tempt to remove it from the trunk .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this to refinish the hardwood floor on a 100 sqft porch area . I do 3 pass with a 80 grit and a final with a 120 . this sander perform perfectly . it be fairly quiet , though you 'll still want earplug for extend use . it be well balanced , and do not get overly hot . change paper be easy . the bag collect most of the dust and compact it nicely . it work so well I use it to refinish a large work table the follow week . what a breeze . it take about 15 minute to sand the top and two bench with 80 , then 120 grit . it be not a finish sander , so I use a orbital sander with a 120 to take out a few scratch , but that be quick because it be just smoothing , not removal . the only strange thing be that the box be already open , and the sander have dust on it when I receive it from Amazon . I send it back the first time because I do not want to pay full price for a previously return item . but the next one from Amazon have the same thing - open box , dust on the sander . I can only guess that the factory test it and then leave it in that condition . why they do not at least put a factory seal sticker on the box I have no idea . but the sander itself work so well it redeem any packaging issue .
Bag	POS	4	let face it - it be not a vacuum but it help . it collect a fair amount of dust from my Dewalt 745 . for the price it do alot - i put it on everytime i use my saw since it just make clean up a little easier .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag for my Bonsai tool . many be cutter or one sort or another , so it be really important to have a bag with a lot of tool pocket . -lrb- the last thing I want to do be reach into a bag & grab the wrong end of my shears ! -rrb- this bag have more than enough pocket , both inside & outside , to safely organize smaller , sharper tool . the rigid `` gatemouth '' frame allow I to open the bag & see its contents clearly . the central compartment be amply roomy for my other supplies , such as a turntable , sharpener , cleaner , etc. . it be comfortable to carry , by either the hand-grip or shoulder strap . it feel more than sturdy enough for the thing I put into it . I would describe my usage level as light-duty , as it be use intermittently , not daily . so I can not honestly say how it would fare under heavier usage . but for keep my hobby tool organize , and in one place , it be ideal .
Bag	POS	5	this be a very good product . I like the fact that the material be tough and heavy duty as cheap plastic one just rip and crack . I will give this 5 star because it be the best jumper cable bag I have ever see on the market .
Bag	NEG	2	this only hold the camera + lens and a few roll of film . no room for a extra lens , no room for a flash , no room for a extra body . get something else .
Bag	POS	5	cable fit easily in bag , very tough material , even put a few tool in the bag , screw driver , wrench , channel lock and such .
Bag	NEU	3	the case be well-padded , but bulky and a bit loose fitting for a Canon a610 . its size make use the belt loop impractical , it be just too big . the four interior compartment be a bit excessive ; other than a camera pouch there only need to be one other pocket to hold battery , a lens cloth , and a sd card . this thing 's just so boxy that you can only really carry it as a full-blown tourist with a strap around you neck , or pack into some check-on luggage . it 'll undoubtedly withstand tall drop and poor baggage handler , along with wet weather thanks to its nylon cover , but it be overkill for most typical camera environment . remove the camera from the case be also annoying because of the long zipper path ; likely you 'll end up with camera in hand most of the time , lest the zipper cause a miss photo opportunity . this seem like a fine case for the ultimate camera protection , but for most casual photographer too much of a hassle for routine use .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for the back of my suv . I have two 50-foot extension cord and a 25-foot bounce around in a box , and when I see this I could not resist . pro : Quality : the fabric and the stitch look awesome . con : size ... if anything it be on the small side , which could be good , because it could easily fit under the driver 's seat in a truck or van . but I do not even try put the second 50-ft cord in after I have the first one and the 25-foot cord in there and snug -lrb- both be 14 awg -rrb- . I would buy it again , and I would rather buy two than a large bulky one -lrb- multiple cord get heavy fast -rrb- . thus I think it deserve five star , even though it be smaller than what I be originally look for .
Bag	POS	5	I be surprise by the size of this bag -- it be rather huge ! but , it look pretty durable and the price be definitely unbeatable ! this would be a nice tote to carry around while travel or just to carry around book . there be alot of room to fit whatever you desire . there be also the laptop compartment which could be use for other stuff , rather than a laptop . the color -lrb- it be actually a grayish and black color -rrb- be easy to match with any outfit . other than the fact that it be a bit too big , it be a very inexpensive , durable , and versatile tote bag !
Bag	POS	5	this product will help keep the sawwdust in it be place under the saw , it do its job quite well . I do recomend it for the price .
Bag	NEG	2	I store my ace 250 in this carry bag . I find it to be very cramped . the bag have very little room to spare . the zipper be poor quality and break within a year of own the bag . I would not buy another .
Bag	POS	5	the name alone should be enough to satisfy the avid e-customer . for all other this be one fine camera bag . there be plenty of room for most digital camera with several zipper compartment all throughout the bag . the material I be sure be pleather but make very well ! the shoulder strap throw I at first because I think it be entirely too short , then I realize it have a adjustment on it . :0 very nice camera bag indeed !!!!!
Bag	POS	5	I just borrow this sander from my father inlaw to strip a bedroom set . I agree with the other reviewer . this be a great sander for the price . it be make in Switzerland and live up to swiss quality . it be well balanced and easy to use . it may not be a rolex but it be a fine piece of equipment .
Bag	POS	5	since 2 '' dust exhaust port be standard on many tool and the wire loop on the bag easily clip on any round duct , I put one on my rigid portable table saw and another on my 20 year old Craftsman band see . both work great ! especially since no equivalent be avialable from either manufacturer . much better than a $ 100 + bottom catcher and easy to empty .
Bag	POS	5	buy this sander 1 year ago to back up my porter-cable 352v -lrb- I have since grow so tired of repair the porter-cable that the last time it need repair I just throw it away -rrb- . it run so quietly for a belt sander that the first time I use it I think the speed control be set on low -lrb- it be on high -rrb- . it be well balanced , have plenty of power , and the dust bag actually collect a lot of dust , a huge plus when I have to scribe cabinet inside a customer house . also , the shape of the sander make it easy to clamp to a workbench for sand small item , a impossibility with the Porter-Cable .
Bag	POS	5	my husband be in the middle of a large project when he sander go out ... no switch be available in store or on line . once again the internet come through and he be very excite to find the sander just like he have available . thank you Amazon and Bosch .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be no different than any other product that i have purchase from bucket boss . from the quality of material use , the forthought of the inside compartment to the shoulder strap , this product be perfect for the `` neat freak . '' i have just order the bucket boss vertical tool organizer . my past acquisition from bucket boss have be the 56 pocket 5 gal . bucket organizer , the parachute bag -lrb- 3 -rrb- and bib apron . the only downside to this bag be the outside pocket be too small . other than that i still rate it 5 star .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase several of these and use they for extension cord , battery cable , compressor hose and rv water hose . they be make of tough material and help one to organize all those coil of `` stuff '' . the bag help save the coiled material inside from abuse and make thing easy to find and more snarl-proof .
Bag	POS	5	I own a Kodak DC215 Zoom Digital Camera . it fit very nicely into the Kodak essential Camera Bag . I buy the bag online , and when I receive it , it be bigger than I expect . the small compartment for extra memory card be very handy , but the strap for hold battery be pretty tight , so fasten the battery be kind of a problem . however , this keep the battery from fall out . there be a small flap inside to separate the camera from cable or other element that you might want to place inside . tightly squeeze , I be able to fit in my camera , a Kodak Battery Charger , and a SanDisk usb card Reader . all in all , this Camera Bag be very roomy , nicely build , and with enough space to fit what you need to carry around , if you own a small camera , like the dc215 .
Bag	POS	5	I be quite satisfied with the product for its vast array of compartment . it also serve I quite well during a unexpected shower and my camera be well protect . the side and back pocket be rather small though , but overall a good product for the price you be pay
Bag	POS	5	I love this case .  I own three Lowepro case ; a `` Topload Zoom 2 '' -lrb- which I use whenever I take any of my slr camera in the field -rrb- , a `` d-res 8 '' for my Canon s400 , and and a `` d-res 10 aw '' , which I use with my Fuji mx-1700 digital camera . I think that all of they be exceptionally good . they be well-made , durable , good look and functional . before settle on Lowepro a couple of year ago , I go through dozen of bag , and be never really happy with any of they .  the D-Res 10 aw be the perfect size for my Fuji mx-1700 . it be over two year old now , and look as good as the day that it arrive at my door via UPS - despite the fact that it have see lot of abuse over the last few year .
Bag	POS	4	pleased with size - quality be good - price seem a little high . Wish it have a shoulder strap and zipper lock - bottom could be stronger - top could open a little wider - outside pouch could be larger .
Bag	POS	4	have read the review by another user for he Canon XSi , I buy the bag for my Canon XSi . the bag work great for the camera with the kit lens -lrb- 18-55mm be -rrb- mount . the camera be store with the lens face downward into the bag , and two velcro adjust flap hold the camer body in place . the bag will only work for camera with telephoto lens that be about 3.5 in length and nothing longer . there be enough space for another accessory on the side , either a flash or another lens , but nothing more . two configuration will work best : a. camera with either kit lens or telephoto lens -lrb- 55-250 -rrb- mount face down , flash place vertically tuck under the flap on the side with no camera grip , this scenario be great for studio\/indoor shoot . b. Camera with telephoto lens mount face down , and the kit lens tuck behind the flap on the side with no camera grip . the all weather cover be nice to have , but will take up a lot of space away from the front pocket . the top lid with quick snap on work well to protect the camera . the only complaint I have be that the top lid do not by default open fully , which make take the camera out harder while the bag be hang around you neck . when the bag be set on a flat surface , it be easier to bend the top lid backward and make the entire opening available for camera placement . overall , the bag do a fine job for carry the camera and the basic accessory , which be all most people will ever need . the bag be actually a earlier generation of current nova series product , the new sibling be nova 120\/140\/160 aw . there be not much difference between the old and new , and the nova minus cost a lot less .
Bag	POS	5	well finish , balanced , beauty ... a very very nice camera bag . I be not fond of back-pack or kangaroo pouch for carry my photo gear . I prefer the classic , standard , shoulder-hanged bag . I particularly feel this one as a very safe and rugged one . you 'll find enough space in it to accomodate body , lens , flash , and several minor gadget . side-slip pocket be a real hit , very handy indeed .
Bag	POS	5	man , these bag be great ! I fit a lot of my personal tool in here and have to take some out because the whole be too heavy ! I love the durable cloth ; I love the shoulder strap ; but what I like most be the use of space . there be a neat set of strap on top for a 2 ' level . there be organizational pocket on the inside for pencil , chisel , and whatnot .  there be a lot of room . they be not kid when they say you can fit a sawzall in there .
Bag	POS	5	I have two 35 ' 10\/3 cord with giant plug on each end . these be extension cord that I make to remotely charge my Electric Vehicle at 220V and 30A . these be big , fat cord . I purchase two of these bag think that I would need one each for the two cord . wrong . both of my cord -lrb- 70 ' total , plus four giant plug -rrb- all fit in one bag easily .  the construction of these could not be better . the zipper be huge and rugged -lrb- and go both way -rrb- . the most important part be that the zipper go about 80 % of the way around the bag , so load the bag could not be simpler . the bag open completely like a clam-shell - you set the cord on the bottom half , and flip the top half back over and zip it around . I think -lrb- the money -rrb- be a lot to spend on a bag like this , but I could not be happier with the purchase . I would much rather buy something of quality that I do not have to worry about a few year down the road .  great product !
Bag	POS	5	Got this for my jvc-grdvm90u ... work great ... get the camcorder and all accessory include charger , cable , extra tape and manual to fit comfortably ... very stylish ... nice handle which make it very easy to carry ... highly recommend it ...
Bag	POS	5	this be a fine build bag with the ability to hold many camera item . alas , it be too big and I have to return it . no trouble receive it quickly .
Bag	POS	5	this be the second of these bag that I have have . the first I buy over 15 year ago at a Wal-Mart before they all become Super Wal-Mart . it do its job for a long time and finally the zipper give up . I hunt for another one and could not find one anywhere locally so I order one from Amazon . First of all I 'll point out that I have no use for the outer pocket . while I agree with other reviewer that it be very small and not very useful , it be a non-issue for this review . it would be fine with I if it be not there at all . the set of jumper cable I have be heavy duty and 20 foot long . I lay they out and verify the length with a tape measure and they be in fact 20 foot long . they roll up and fit into the bag nicely . I do not know why so many people say they heavy cable will not fit in it , or they long cable wont fit in it . my cable be heavy and long and they fit in it just right . the only noticeable difference I see between this bag and the one I have originally be that this one be make of a rip-stop material . my original one be just make of regular canvas , so I would say this be a upgrade . overall I be very happy with the bag , and if you have a set of jumper cable that you want to stow in a bag then I recommend you give this one a try .
Bag	POS	4	I really like my mutt mitt a lot . my only issue be that they be not quite long enough to tie easily . the less I have to handle the dog poop bag , the better . and , I find try they take a little too much manipulation .
Bag	POS	5	I be a Aircraft Line Mechanic and have be for 15 year . this little bag be a replacement for the first . they last year and be of much higher quality of anything you 'll find at Sears , Home Depot , etc. . plus the price aint bad .
Bag	POS	5	very nice camera bag . even though it be not on LowePro 's list , the new Canon a610 fit into this case nicely . plenty of room for a memory card or two , but 4 spare aa battery might be push it .
Bag	POS	4	well make and be as advertize . tight fit for my Milwaukee 7100-20 Round Head 2-Inch to 3-1\/2 - Inch Framing Nailer . I have to put it in the bag upside down with the exhaust deflector down and the Workpiece contact up . keep the end cover to keep the toe-nail claw from tear the bag .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag to hold a cordless tool set and it fit the bill perfectly . it be large enough to hold all the tool easily -lrb- drill , see , light and vacuum -rrb- , plus the pouch on the inside and outside be great for hold bit , blade , driver - everything that go with you tool . the construction be sturdy , there have be no stress carry the tool load I have put in it - look like it be build to last a lifetime .
Bag	POS	4	I just receive this lowepro bag today for my Canon Powershot camera and it be much better than I expect . the compartment be very handy and not oversized ; just enough to carry a extra memory card and\/or battery . there be some padding and a soft fleece lining . the velcro divider in the bag be removable or can be position along the width of the camera . but one of the best feature seem to be the hidden nylon weather hood , which pull out from the back bottom edge of the bag and cover the case . I usually carry a plastic bag along just in case of downpour , which have soak through my pack , to keep camera and equipment dry . hopefully , this weather hood will do the trick . I would highly recommend this well-designed Lowepro bag .
Bag	NEG	2	it amaze I that people be give this tool more than a one or two star rating . it can not be use for over 2 hour without begining to fail . it show that most user be either not use the tool long enough before give a review , or the normal project people use the tool for be very short duration . this sander be size and shape perfectly for easy handling and general all position use . when the sander be new I use it to sand a maple butcher block top . after a hour or so the sander be spit black graphite piece all over the white wood top stain the surface . the sander be hop around like the wheel be square ! I remove the belt to inspect the sander . the friction pad be disintegrate . the wheel be clump with fragment from the die pad . I have to finish the job with my old $ 49.00 Skil which be very light duty , but finish the job . I send the sander in to be repair under warranty . I get some resistance from the repair people , but they do put a new pad on , and replace a wheel . I have since use the sander for very light use type job of short duration . last week I have another job which require continuous use for 3 hour sand a fiberglass body panel flat . I use no down pressure only gravity to weight the sander . it last 2 hour before spit out carbon flake again . the wheel be cake with graphite lump again and the lead 25 % of the pad be wear down again . this pad design be lack for any project require continuous use over a hour or so . it look like I may need a heavier duty tool to use for any surface type job . this one be only good for sand edge or small lump off of surface . the cost be too high for such a light duty tool . I hope they abandon the carbon pad for future offering . the plastic back bone inside the dust bag fail on my sander also . it have small ear that attach to the inlet socket . the ear be very small diameter and lack robustness . I hope Bosch can refine this sander , as it be a good handling tool and would fit the need of many a craftsman .
Bag	POS	4	I be on my second unit . the first last about 5 year of moderate use in finish carpentry , include occasionally heavy duty use . I frequently use it for scribe cabinet and trim , and restore door and sash . durability be not what I typically expect , but the overall design be so good I do not look for a different one . pro : Lightweight durable , powerful motor dust pickup good with vacuum attach -lrb- also material removal improve - less clog of belt -rrb- Belt tracking compare well to other I have use - no belt destruction while focus on the work Table top use be great for a variety of grind task , include initial phase of re-sharpening nick chisel -lrb- use water to keep blade cool -rrb- con : Power switch be more feature load -lrb- variable speed , lock on , and adjustable maximum speed -rrb- than heavy duty - my second one be fail now dust pickup get clog when sand finish with just dust bag , not vacuum attach . it be difficult to clear it once clog . dust bag be cumbersome and easily broken have recently refinish a softwood floor , detail with both this and a heavy Porter Cable unit , I can see the value of a heavier sander , but only if you be sand level surface .
Bag	POS	5	hold my Canon Digital rebel xt plus lens . Organized well , plenty of room , well design and sturdy .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag to use for my second function shoot -lrb- wedding - aaaaccckkk !!! -rrb- because I want to bring backup of everything -lrb- body , flash , etc -rrb- it arrive two day before the event and I be so jazz ... it work perfectly and have a great layout of small pocket and a flexible array of lens and body slot give the velcro setup option . I fit a ton of battery , two body , two flash , three lens , a diffuser , a charger , and still have room for powerbar and water ! I feel more like a pro have all in this one bag -lrb- even though I be not ! -rrb- than two smaller , unmatching one ... it be a confidence booster for sure and when you be try to improve you shooting and instill faith in you client , every little bit help . great bag . highly recommend . I also agree with the first reviewer 's statement that this be a good option as a airline carryon ... vacation with you camera and you essential on the plane . comfy strap .
Bag	POS	5	fit right into the spare wheel . out of the way but totally organize . Big enough for fix-a-flat can , big cable , and lot of tool and flashlight . like all they stuff , the quality of this bag can not be beat . a bargain ...
Bag	POS	5	I buy the bag base on the great reputation of Lowe . I be use it for my Canon A-620 camera and it fit like a glove .
Bag	NEG	1	although they say this be the best camera bag to use with the Pentax IQ200 , the camera fit into the bag but be very difficult to remove when you want to take a picture . the bag itself would be fine with a normal point and shoot camera but not one where there be any type of lens on the front .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this dust collection bag when I purchase my Bosch 4100 tablesaw . this tablesaw go on almost every job with I and I like have the dust collection bag so that I be not sweep up as much sawdust at the end of the day .
Bag	POS	4	nice bag , good price , but it be absurd that Amazon recommend this as a accessory for the Canon S100 Digital ELPH . the bag be ridiculously large for this tiny camera . maybe I 'll pack a lunch in it .
Bag	POS	5	this be a nice digital camera bag , very sturdy and well padded . the interior have a soft plush lining to prevent lcd screen damage . it be a perfect size for a `` point & shoot '' type digital camera , such as the Olympus d360l . the front of the case zip open on both side to reveal a flap with mesh pocket suitable for a spare set of nimh battery , cable or extra memory card . it also feature a sewn on belt loop and removable shoulder strap . well make & compact .
Bag	POS	5	Guy at work have one & really like how many tool it hold for it be size . I love it so buy one myself . great bag for masonry tool
Bag	POS	5	excellent bag , lot of pocket , quality construction . Great for almost anything you can think of .
Bag	POS	4	its a good tool bag . better than anything that I have buy at Home Depot or Lowes . we use these in my company for field engineering work , cary tape , camera , etc. . nice look as I visit client and travel with it .
Bag	NEG	2	I just receive the belt sander . there be a slight oil stain in the bottom of the box , fine saw dust on the body , and metal scratch mark on the metal base on the bottom of the sander . hard to say , but some packaging might have be miss as well . use . I do not understand how this can happen but if I have to guess I would put this on Makita rather than Amazon who do not sell use version of this product . anyway , I just get off the phone and will be send it back . inspect yours carefully when you get it . note on Amazon return . I fill out a inquiry then have Amazon call I for help which they do immediately . after that I explain the problem and within minute I they issue I a return slip and will be pay for the shipping . also , they be rush I a new sander by tomorrow . while I be disappointed something like this could happen , and I be not happy about the time I waste , kudos to Amazon for make the return policy so quick and hassle free . this review have nothing to do with the performance of the belt sander as I do not even plug it in before send it back .
Bag	NEU	3	I return the bag because it be too small for my camera and accessory . I purchase a larger bag from you .
Bag	POS	5	this be a good case , I have a HP 318 digital camera and it fix well , it be a little big , but it let I carry batt , cradle and memory card in . and it be good for protect my camera too . it look very good and have a gadget to carry in my belt .
Bag	POS	4	for the extension cord , this replace the rip shopping bag I have be pile they into . it also keep they cleaner and encourage you to roll they properly ... once that be do , it be painfully obvious . for those of you with jumper cable float around the back of the truck , this solve that a give you a clean , safe and memorable place for the flashlight , etc. .  great practical gift that nobody have and everyone will appreciate .
Bag	POS	5	sexy messenger bag ! what I look for in a bag be lot of useful pocket ; this one have 'em . removable key ring , mesh exterior pocket for my water bottle , interior pocket that seem custom fit for my cell phone ... I love it . black color go with my coffee , and the reflective piping keep I safe and stylee !
Bag	NEG	2	for what be be , it work well . bag will clog if cut wet material . bag lay on ground , so if ground be wet , it be a mess . there be no suction , so sawdust still come up from blade , therefore material will get sawdust on it , therefore sawdust will get on the ground . I do not know where to store this thing , so now when I need it , I be look all over the place for it . 2 1\/2 '' shop vac hose slide right onto saw . it be the better choice . I use a foot switch christmas tree extension cord so I can turn vacum on and off with ease .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for a gift for my son 's birthday . it come quickly , in time for he birthday and I assume all be well .
Bag	NEG	2	I buy one of these for my s-10 digital camera , and proceed to wear it around , somewhat extensively , after 6 or 7 month of own it though , the stitch along the zipper come totally out , render it somewhat useless . I replace it with a somewhat less fashionable , but more durable Samsonite camera bag . also the zippered opening of this bag be prone to slightly scratch or mar plastic , or antireflective coating such as those on camera lcd .
Bag	POS	5	I consider buy a Timbuktu DeeDog bag before I find out about Amazon 's . although the amazon bag be a bit smaller than the DeeDog , it have pocket for everything . the fabric be great and look like it 'll have no problem keep out the rain . the detachable key holder be a favorite of mine too . I have no problem fitting in my many book and folder for school and the laptop pouch be great . I ride with it over my shoulder every day . completely recommend . BTW , not only do the amazon bag organize you stuff better than the DeeDog , it be about 1\/2 the price ! the one benefit I could see of the DeeDog be the `` Cross you heart bra '' style strap for stabilize the bag , but it be not enough to compete with the other feature that the amazon bag have .
Bag	POS	5	Amazon have this bag on sale frequently for a very cheap price . it be equivalent to the $ 20.00 + bag at the box store . it be well design and make . tough enough for the jobsite and good look too . can be use for many thing beside tool , as other reviewer point out .
Bag	NEU	3	the camera bag be reasonably price , but just meet the bare requirement . it keep the camera safe , but lack pocket for extra flash card and battery .
Bag	POS	4	well , like my title say , this bag be perfect for my little Fuji digital . I be able to throw in 2 set of battery in the side pocket , carry my wallet and cell in the front zip , the camera in the middle , and a extra memory card .  my only complaint about this bag be the lack of stability in the middle . unless you very careful , with a lot of bumping , I think the camera would get damage = not a good thing . but overall , if you need a quick , down and dirty bag , this be pretty darn good . for the money , it be worth it .
Bag	NEG	1	it be a nice bag but no support for the bottom . I use to use it at work but not no more . if they make the bottom ridged it would be a 5 star .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag to carry my Cannon Powershot A70 digital camera . I want a bag that would fit the camera , along with some accessory . I fit the camera snuggly to one side with help from the moveable divider , and the connection cable in the other side . there be lot of extra room for battery and memory card too . I be origionally look for something smaller , but everything would not fit in smaller bag . this turn out to be the perfect solution for I . Enough room for my stuff , with out be too large ! highly recomended !
Bag	POS	5	I initially purchase this tote because of the featured sale price , and I be so impressed with the size and durability of the tote , that I buy 3 more to give to fellow mommy at Christmas ! this bag can hold everything you and you baby need while out for a entire day . I can pack extra clothes , pajamas , plenty of diaper , food and toy . the compartment inside be a add bonus . the wide strap make this tote extra-comfortable to carry over you shoulder . the material be easy to clean with soap and water -- another plus ! I would recommend this tote at any price !
Bag	POS	5	this item do just what it say it will . it will hold a large heavy-duty set of jumper cable and quite a few tool . I would reccomend it .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this camera bag at the same time I buy a Canon Powershot a20 . I be impressed with the quality construction - while I would not hurl the bag against a brick wall without some trepidation , I be feel confident that drop it will not harm my camera too terribly much . there be a lot of padding here .  the actual camera be a lot smaller than the bag proper , so I appreciate that the divider in the main compartment velcro into place , ensure that I can give the machine as snug a fit as I want , leave the rest of the ample space for assorted extra .
Bag	POS	4	this bag do exactly what I expect . it be skinnier than I have imagine , but collect most of the saw dust . specifically , it negate all the dust fly around my garage . it definitely do not catch all the dust , but I think that be more a function of the table saw than the bag . Premium dust collector have some sort of vaccuum suction to pull the dust . this bag rely on the blow out from the saw . the miss dust fall directly under the saw . I think most people will be happy with the bag . those that will not be happy be the hardcore craftsman and someone expect zero dust .
Bag	POS	5	Quality 's a + , get it cheaper than advertise elsewhere and the most convenient ever to carry my camcorder , regular and digital camera + battery , film and binoculars .
Bag	POS	5	great product . hold those tangly and well use cable all in one place . convenient to order from amazon . great product .
Bag	NEU	3	I get the Gatemouth bag as a gift from my son two year ago . the bag look great , have lot of pocket and sure seem strong . I use it to carry emergency tool in the truck of the car . I have not overload the bag . I be very disappointed when the stitch on one entire end panal fail and the bag literally fall apart . I have try to find warranty info or company contact for this item but have not be able to find anything . the company be owner by Fiskars but I find no support for the Bucket Boss line on they web site . there be a possibility that I have a bad bag . I like the bag so much while it function that I be order a replacement . I hope this be just a fluke . the design sure seem just what I need . the company really should stand behind the product though . caveat emptor I guess . .
Bag	NEU	3	nice bag to use for a `` roadside emergency '' kit in you trunck or behind the seat of you truck . a little overpriced , but good . I think it will last for a long time . it appear very durable .
Bag	POS	5	this tool bag  DEWALT D6050 17-Inch Ballistic Nylon Tool Bag  the factory supply storage box be find to be low quality when compare to the cost of this combo set . also , try to put all tool back into the storage container and be able to close it be next to impossible . all tool fit nicely in this tool bag , and , be very easily put back in and completely close when finish these tool .
Bag	POS	4	love the bag , lot of great feature ! the only thing I would add be a hand strap near the top -lrb- just in case one need to grab it quickly -rrb- . other than that nit , it be wonderful = -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	the 5608 pro 8 Camera Bag be a excellent product and I be very pleased with it . the shipping time seem to I to be slow . Ed Heuer
Bag	POS	5	if you be a person who like to have the basics in you car , this be a great product . I always have jumper cable -lrb- some of you call they `` booster cable '' -rrb- in every car I own . I have drag old cable from one car to the next as I have buy and sell car over the year . this bag keep the cable orderly and protected , as well as protect you car 's interior from the end clamp and dirt on the cable . it be easy to grab and find you cable when need , and the bag be big enough to throw-in a flashlight as well . you know you need a flashlight because it seem jumper cable be most need at night . I have 3 car , and one of they just go to my newly-licensed son . it be not the greatest gift he ever recieve , but he sure appreciate have a bag of cable in he trunk rather than cable just float around in there .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great addition to my yellow tool collection . I have have tool box problem for year and have use several of these handy bag to solve the problem . Highley recomend this one and the 17 '' one .
Bag	POS	4	I buy 2 of these for we rv . one have a 25ft 10\/3 extension cord and misc adapter in it . the other hold a 100ft 12\/3 extension cord . it hold the 10\/3 very nicely . the 12\/3 be a bit snug but fit . I have not have they all that long so I can not comment on the durability of they . the quality seem good . the fabric be not as thick as it could be . however for stuff that we be not use that often I expect it will hold up for a good while . 4 star just because it be not that thick or double stitch . I would look for something better if you be go to be use it every day . but for stuff that be not use a lot this will probably do just fine .
Bag	POS	5	when you invest hundred of dollar on tool you want the best protection and convenience and this be exactly what I be look for in a bag for my MAX sn890rh nailer . as other have state , this bag stand up on its own due to the rigid bottom . make of heavy duty material , small pouch inside the bag for hold you oil , pocket on the outside for hold glove or whatever you need . I order mine from Lewis contractor supply and they price be a few cent cheaper than Amazon 's price and it be not the side-zip model that someone else have get . glad I buy it and worth every penny .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be a good value . it do not leave much extra space inside , depend on the length of the cord you have , but it get the job do .
Bag	POS	5	we use this bag to organize we digital camera and digital camcorder . there be a pocket for everything , include all the cord and everything have it be own place . it be not easy to get into , great when you have kid but not quick for the adult . you just have to know when you will need the camera . offer great protection for those expensive camera .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be just what I need . it have room for my charge and usb cable , my cleaning kit , camera with neck strap , and a extra lens . you could fit two lens in the bag if they be relatively small . the bag be insulate well enough for I to feel confident and not worry about it while travel .
Bag	POS	5	as with all Lowepro case they be rugged and almost indistructable . some of the best think out case on the market . but in this case why not suggest that shopper look and the line that Lowepro actually have create for Digital Cameras . they have a series of about a half dozen case specially design to be use with digital camera . the Nova Mini be a great bag but the d-res-50 be better , have soft inside so that you lcd display will not get scratch from the inside material , they have little velcro devider to that you can adjust the bag to fit the size of you camera and even little pocket inside that be design to accomodate digital camera accessory like extra memory card and extra battery . they even have a hidden rain jacket to protect you electronic equipment from the element . the hard ware on the d-re case be make of metal instead of plastic makee they not just practical but design to last through the age . and like all lowepro case it carry a lifetime warranty . the d-re 50 be the middle bag that Lowepro make for digital camera they have one that be half the thickness that will work with most digital camera also and two smaller than that if you really want a compact case for you little digital camera . I do not think that the Nova Mini be a bad bag quite the contrary , it be great and cheaper than the d-re series but I do feel it lack some of the greatest part of the d-re series and thus why I would rather see you suggest the d-re series of bag for digital customer .
Bag	NEG	1	how can I rate this product when it have yet to ship and it have be more then 1 month since I order this item while all the other item have ship . I be not sure if they be ever ship this product !!!
Bag	POS	4	great sander . Bosch obviously put a lot of think into the design . however , I be bummed no case come with it , and none appear available . without a case the dust collection bag get bang up or catch on other tool . I be in the process of try to find another brand of case to fit this unit in . come on Bosch , use a little comon sense and include a case .
Bag	POS	5	I look at many review and comment about belt sander . important factor to I be size -lrb- 3x21 belt -rrb- , dust control , noise , belt tracking and price . I pick one of the highest price in the Makita . my first job be to sand down 8 cedar 6 x 6 deck post . they be paint and my first thought be to cover then with either vinyl or 1\/2 cedar . both way would cost $ 500 . so my other option be paint or sand and clear coat the cedar . well to make a long story short I sand and clear coated all in just a few day . I be very happy with the job the Makita do , even more inportant my wife love the finish product . I use it for hour on end and have no problem . dust control be very good . I collect 2 bucket of cendar dust . as my wife always say `` you never sorry when you buy the best '' .
Bag	POS	5	exactly what I be look for . a lot of pocket , both inside and out . plenty of space for the typical handyman . highly recommend !
Bag	POS	5	this bag be smartly design ... many compartment to put you camera stuff . in my bag , I have just enough room to put my digital camera and a point and shoot film camera in the main compartment -lrb- which be separate by a divider -rrb- . the inside be plush so there will never be damage to you lcd display .  there be also a area in front of the main compartment with two plastic pocket . in one , I have a smartmedium card and extra battery ... in the other , I have jam in a lens cleaning kit .  i really like the two strap -lrb- one shoulder and one for be hand hold -rrb- and the weather hood that be hide in the bag for rainy day . the only complaint I have be that the bag take a dip in the front where the zipper come down -lrb- for style probably ... look at the gray area on the photo -rrb- . if it just come straight across instead of dip down , there would be more vertical room in the front area .  overall though , great bag which can hold lot !
Bag	POS	5	bag be excellent ! read carefully before you order , it be the bag only . no cable . Perfect size for car . some one say it be too small , I do not know what kind of cable he be put in , but a set of heavy duty cable for car fit well .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this camera for my trip to South Africa . I get some amazing shot . very crisp and clear with brilliant color . it be very quiet which be good but also pretty bad . it be hard to hear the thing wind so if you press the button and then move the camera , you picture could easily be mess up because you do not wait long enough - some of mine do unfortunately . so other than this set back , my photo come out excellent .
Bag	POS	5	the picture quality on this camera be pretty good . for most event , it have replace my slr -lrb- which be just too big and clunky otherwise -rrb- . it have a grid which allow you to focus on different item in you viewfinder , which can be very useful .  however , if you be deal with a scene that have multiple focus point , the `` area focus '' grid start jump around , which I have be tell by other be somewhat annoying -lrb- do not bother I -rrb- .  overall , while I ideally like control all my setting , I find that this camera be just ideal for any kind of set where you would want easy pocket portability .  I would change one thing : the little flap that cover the lense seem pretty easy to move , and make I a little nervous about keep the camera in my pocket : I would personally prefer a hard cover like some Kodak flip camera or even the Olympus .  but otherwise , I would highly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	I have give this sander limited use so far , but it have perform flawlessly . Belt track nicely without need adjustment , and the sander be light and easy to control . it work very nicely for the first project -lrb- shape the edge of a culture marble shower wall -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely good buy . it be Perfect for my camcorder . I Love it !
Bag	POS	5	my porter-cable belt sander finally die after a painful life . painful to I because it be terribly loud , overheate repeatedly require multiple replacement part , have a ill-placed dust collector , and be too heavy . the Makita be a massive improvement ! ear muff be not require . the dust collector be not ram up in you face . I do not dread use it at all .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag hold point and shoot camera pretty well . my olympus camera fit pretty well . no thing too fancy .
Bag	POS	4	I be really hope this bag would help collect some of my sawdust . after a week of use it about two inch of dust have accumulate in the bag . actually most of the dust blow out of every other opening in my bosch saw . the bag seem to catch bigger shaving . I have not be saw any mdf or fine dust produce material so it may help more with those . the problem seem that all the shaving keep clog up in my dust port . on the plus side the bag have a squeeze clamp on it so it will work on just about anything .
Bag	NEG	1	would get the same result if I tie on a old sock to the dust chute . quickly clog and become ineffective . use a vac or dust collector instead .
Bag	NEG	2	this dust collection bag capture a good portion of the sawdust , but create too much resistance to airflow , cause sawdust to blow back in you face . I have to take it off . disappointing .
Bag	POS	5	the bag be top quality . I purchase it for my panasonic dvd camcorder . everything fit perfect . plenty of room for extra disc 's and battery . Great little bag
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this for my partner 's table saw -lrb- a different brand saw -rrb- which do not come with a dust colletor bag even though it be a expensive table saw and it work wonder to keep the dust down ! a great buy at such a reasonable price .
Bag	POS	5	here be the deal , this be a table saw . it make sawdust . the hole on the back by the power cord be a sawdust exhaust port . if you have a dust collector , by all means plug a vacuum hose into that port and it may even collect all the dust . I do not have a dust collector , this mean the exhaust port throw sawdust a good 7 foot or so out the back of the saw . add this collector bag now mean I only have to sweep up directly under the saw , not under the saw and a arc 7 foot out away from the saw . to I it be absolutely worth it , but it will not replace a several hundred or thousand dollar dust collection system .
Bag	POS	4	I get this to store my Bostitch f21pl frame nailer  bostitch f21pl Round Head 1-1\/2 - Inch to 3-1\/2 - Inch Framing Nailer with positive Placement Tip and Magnesium Housing  it be a tight fit , but the zipper close and the frame nailer will be a lot happier in the bag , dust free , and hopefully free of the dent and ding it would receive it it be rattle around the back of my truck unprotected . I like the gunner bag and can recommend it . here be some point base on my use and observation : pro : \* size - this bag should fit just about any pneumatic nailer you have . the Bostitch I get it for be about as big as the other guy that shoot round head frame nail : Hitachi , Senco , Porter Cable , etc. . Mine fit best upside down , with the business end point toward the peak of the bag , on top . naturally , it will fit many smaller nailer , too , like a roofing nailer or a couple of finish nailer . \* well make - the material of the bag be rugged ripstop nylon and it seem to be put together well enough . stitch be mostly single and while the zipper be not particularly heavy duty -lrb- it be a nylon type - not metal -rrb- , it should last long enough . the handle be make of nylon webbing and will probably outlast other component of the bag . \* it be padded - I like this feature , for in addition to keep the dust off the tool , I also want the bag to afford it protection from bang and bump when it be ride along with my other tool in the back of the pickup . the side be not heavily padded , but it be enough to make a difference . while the bottom be not pad it do have a strip of rigid plastic run the length of the bag which should offer some protection as well . \* Versatile - The bag come with one pocket on the outside -lrb- which be where a bottle of my pneumatic tool oil life -rrb- and a couple of small pocket inside . give that it be already a tight fit inside for a full-size framing nailer and the fact that the interior pocket be fairly small , I do not see much practical purpose to these ; I would prefer to have another , larger , pocket on the exterior -lrb- perhaps with a closeable flap ? -rrb- where I could store the tip cover , sequential-fire trigger , etc. . the bag come with a nylon shoulder strap so you can carry the bag over you shoulder to free up you hand . this may or may not be useful depend on how you use the bag , but it be nice to have the option . con : \* value - this be purely subjective , but it seem that this bag should be less expensive than it be . be it handy ? yes , it be . be it essential ? well , no , I do not think it be . at the time of this writing , the bag represent about 13 % of the cost of the tool it be carry . I leave it to you to decide whether that be a good value or not . I have use Bucket Boss product in the past and they be still go strong , but that be carry dozen of tool , day in , day out , everywhere . this gunner bag be go to be carry one tool , occasionally , so the value proposition for I be not as sweet as it could be . \* gate mouth - I need to review the meaning of what gate mouth be , because I think that mean a opening that get bigger due to a semi-rigid opening that make the open to the bag much bigger . this bag do not have that , but instead it have a zipper that run the length of the bag . do it matter ? the zipper work just fine , and the bag swallow my framing nailer , so I guess not . still , my expectation be different from what the product actually be . -lrb- I 'll allow that I may be confuse about the meaning , for sure -rrb- other thought : I do not see this as a essential item , but it be nice to have depend on you use . I be a contractor , but not a full-time rough carpenter or framer , so I will not be use my framing nailer on a daily basis . in my shop , this gunner bag will be protect my tool from dust and bump until I use it again . if I be to use my frame nailer every day , I do not know that I would spend the money on protect the tool that would basically get use to death and then toss . professional framer , what do you think ? for this reviewer , this be a good and useful bag that I be happy I purchase . yes , I think it could have be have for less give that the quality be ok but not fantastic , the material be decent but not top quality -lrb- zipper -rrb- , and it be make in China . -lrb- not to knock China in this case , but while they manufacture this bag about as well as anyone , let 's face it : it cost the factory penny on the dollar to produce this item -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	I be surprise to see just HOW much you can cram into this bag . the wall be reinforce to make this bag more of a sturdy box , thus keep the contents extremely safe . I have to stop put thing in it because it be get very heavy . all in all a great investment to keep you tool together .
Bag	POS	4	this bag seem well construct and look like it will last awhile . the Pentax K100D Super w\/18 -55 mm lens fit fine and the storage pouch will fit extra battery , memory card and some lens filter & clean item perhaps . will not take much more than that . I would like to have see a little more padding throughout but I be very pleased with it anyway .
Bag	NEG	2	about 70 percent of the sawdust make it into a empty bag with the amount become less as the bag fill . when the bag be over 50 % full , most of the saw dust go in the air , on the floor , etc. . I have since stop use the bag because my shop vac hose fit the sawdust port .
Bag	POS	5	hold a reserve map , ice scraper , and jumper cable . do it job and do it well .
Bag	POS	5	just get my Cable Bag last night and I be really worried it be go to be too small for my giant , 25 foot long jumper cable but they fit perfectly !
Bag	POS	5	I like this belt sander because it have good power output , and be very trim for sand item in place . also it be build to sand very close to the nose as you can remove the front grip . this sander be also easy to hold onto in awkward position , and be very streamlined . I have own more than one of this same model , and I would buy another for theese same reason . I have also find they to be very durable .
Bag	POS	5	I have purchase about 5 of these at various sale price at Amazon ... from $ 9 to $ 16 . the bag be great . extremely well make , strong and tough . I use one as my range -lrb- gun -rrb- bag . it easily hold 30 pound plus without even strain . a definite keeper .
Bag	NEG	2	I purchase this bag for my Kodak Easy Share 4330 digital camera . I think the bag be go to be a lot smaller than what I receive . I already have the Kodak travel kit so I do not need another big bag and this bag be too big just for the camera .
Bag	POS	5	this be a nice bag for jumper cable . you can store a few tool and a pair of glove . almost anything to service a battery . that be what i use it for . that way im prepare for anything .
Bag	POS	5	this be my 5th Bucket Boss product and it be great . my jumper cable , tie downs , flat tire fix , and a couple of other goody be in the bag . it fit real neat under the back seat of my f150 out from under anyone 's foot . well make and look good . I 'll probably get more of they stuff soon .
Bag	POS	5	this be the third 3 '' belt sander I have own and it be by far the best . the 9903 be fairly light and the handle allow good control . it be indeed very quiet consider the power . I be very pleased at the 16 ' power cord . Belt change be not a problem . and boy do this thing suck - I mean excellent dust collection . sand belt tracking be good and easy to adjust . this be a very nice sander . I wish all of my purchase tool do what they be suppose to do .
Bag	POS	4	the dust bag on my sander be not the same as the one depict in the image on the site . the one that come in the box be cheesier in design , and lack the bracket\/strut show . also , the suggest accessory be limit to sandpaper roll . no dust collection attachment , no upgrade for the bag . the sander itself be powerful , easy to use , and do the job I want it to do .
Bag	POS	4	I be look for a dslr camera bag to keep my new Pentax k110d in until I find a more expansive bag\/backpack . I would eventually like a Tamron or something along that line but for the price , I want to be able to browse until I find just the right one . this product suit the basic bag need well . it be not huge or fancy , just a good basic bag . it have one front pocket that will hold battery , memory card , etc. and one pocket in the `` lid '' that hold a lens cloth or other small item . it accommodate the stock lens that come on my camera but I do not think would fit a much longer lense . for the price , -lrb- which be very reasonable -rrb- I would buy this bag again .
Bag	POS	5	Belt sander can be dangerous because they remove wood quickly . they need a light touch or you 'll leave a undulating surface , not a flat one . but if you be careful they be a lot easier to use than a hand plane and a lot faster than a orbital sander . I be a hobbyist who get a c in woodworking in junior high , and even that be a gift , because I can not get a flat surface with a hand plane or see a straight line with a hand saw . so power tool be my salvation . I buy the Bosch belt sander to bring the rail and stile of several raise panel drawer front into perfect plane more quickly than could be do with a orbital sander . I read a few magazine review and be interested in the DeWalt 443 , but that model get mediocre review on Amazon . I want a 3 x 21 '' sander because a 4 '' wide sander be heavy and seem like overkill , and I be interested in one that have a lever to make it easy to change the belt , reasonable dust collection , and a accessory frame available to help with keep larger surface like tabletop flat . -lrb- that last criterion eliminate the Makita 9930 . -rrb- the Bosch also come with flat , graphite-impregnated platen , which the magazine review say be better -lrb- flatter -rrb- than the steel platten most sander come with . -lrb- you can buy a graphite replacement platen for other sander . -rrb- the Bosch be a bit under 8 lb and the motor be mount in line with the belt rather than crosswise , so the spacing between handle be greater than for the DeWalt , Makita and other . that be not a problem . the Bosch be comfortable to hold and easy to control , even for a short person like I . the magazine review say that it remove wood a bit less rapidly than other sander in the same class , and that be probably a good thing unless it be be use in commercial production . there be a easy to use tracking adjustment to keep the belt line up and the front handle be removable in case you need to get into a tight space , although you would have to be careful control the sander . the variable speed trigger work well and there be a small dial accessible in the hand grip to limit the speed , as well as a button to make it run continuously . that allow you to mount the sander upside down on a bench and use be as a stationary tool . the Bosch sander feel solidly make . the lever to release the belt be plastic , but it look like it be fiber-reinforced nylon so it seem unlike to break unless it be abused pretty badly . the relatively light weight make the sander easy to control , and the cord be quite long . the manual be clear and helpful . the sander 's dust collection bag work well and you can remove it to connect a vacuum hose for even better dust removal . the accessory sand frame be solid and well design but expensive - 50 % of the cost of the sander -- and you have to figure out that the sander have to be insert onto the two front pin before the you push the back of the sander onto the frame ' clip , because the instruction that come with the frame be unclear . -lrb- you buy the frame separately from the sander . -rrb- two caution . first , try the sander on scrap before you use it on a project - it remove wood much , much faster than a orbital sander and it be easy to leave a trough , even in hardwood . use a light touch and keep move it around to avoid that . second , buy premium quality cloth-backed belt . you can get they at Sears , by mail order and at specialty store . the Bosch come with a good cloth-backed 80 grit belt to get you start .
Bag	POS	4	Perfect size for a slr and one or two lens or a lens and flash . my favorite feature be the pull out cf card holder . I have use this bag for over a year with no complaint .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great bag . I switch from a backpack style bag to this bag . it work better for I and allow easy access to all of my lens and accessory . it be large enough to carry two camera body and several lens and a flash unit along with filter , battery , memory card , and other miscellenous item . over all a well construct and well think out bag .
Bag	POS	5	THIS CAMERA BAG be a great bag for the money , PLENTY of ZIPPERED SIDE pocket , just a OVERALL great piece of workmenship a + + + + + +
Bag	POS	5	the Tamrac System 3 -lrb- and other `` System '' -rrb- bag be very well craft camera bag . the bag have several very attractive feature .  -- handle and strap be strong and very comfortable . -- access to bag be easy , zipper very smooth , clip easy to manage . -- Main body of bag can be reconfigure with velcro separator . -- surprisingly high capacity -lrb- I carry a slr body with standard lens , a 75-300 zoom , spare short focal length lens , hot shoe full flash and digital 6x zoom camera all in central pocket -rrb- -- several additional useful separator , film holder , documentation , place for lens cleaner , paper or cloth -rrb- -- durable outer shell that can take some abuse  all of this be contain in what appear from the outside to be a very small bag that easily store for travel . perhaps most importantly the separator , outer shell , and body construction real do appear to protect you equipment -lrb- yes I be ashamed to admit that I have have my fully load bag drop off of table and down step -rrb- . do not buy more bag than you need . if you have get a reasonable amount of gear this bag probably can handle it .
Bag	POS	5	this tool bag be for my son who be a electrician . he have the same bag before , but due to wear and tear it be not in very good condition . it only last 10 year . when I see this bag on you website he ask I to order it for he and he be very satisfied .
Bag	POS	5	camera bag be sturdy enough & plenty of pocket for storage . I wish it be a little bigger with more room for accessory . . but hold camera very well !
Bag	NEU	3	I agree with another customer - the bag be rather large , but usable . the bag I receive be also miss the divider .
Bag	POS	4	Havent be use it long but seem reasonably durable and I have some heavy stuff in there . I especially like the strap on the outside of the bag for my long crowbar and breaker bar . I would have like some extra zippered interior pocket but a couple tool roll up throw in there solve the issue for I . also if you use the shoulder strap and the bag be heavy like mine be it may be uncomfortable . what I do here be put a aftermarket car seatbelt pad on there and all be well .
Bag	POS	5	this Bosch belt sander be a dream , I have own and try out many belt sander over the span of 40 year . this sander track straight , be lightweight and nearly dust-free . . the cord be the longest one I have see as well . I usually hate sand , however with this fine piece of equipment the task be much easier . I highly recommend this tool . Phil S. NH
Bag	POS	5	this be a exceelent bag for amateur and professional photographer like I . this bag be very protect of a good size and it feel nice to have it . it also have a special little bag for filter and film , in which you can access in a emergency .
Bag	POS	4	if you do not want to pay $ 50.00 for a branded slr case , this be a excellent replacement for you . it be as durable as most of the semi-hard case , while provide you additional room for more acc . some time you just want to pick up one on-camera lens and go , go with this one ...
Bag	POS	5	the bag be the right size all of my tool fit into the pocket stand up there be plenty of room for my hard hat and spair part I work on oil rig and have the lock be great it keep the snoop out . I can fit everything in one bag I wouldent trade it for anything . I know DeWalt would not let I down thanks .
Bag	POS	5	do u have a certain special item that you need to protect . this durable leather case be just what you need . the dimension be just the right size for whatever you want to catty around with you or board on a plane . the price be only 25 buck . why not pick one up and be satisfy . Dont look around for a better one just pick it up .
Bag	POS	5	it be always a pleasure to use a well design product . the 1274dv be such a product . the belt change be a snap ; pull the lever back , install the belt , push the lever back . Belt tracking adjustment be easy and stay put . the front grip come off and allow sand in tight place . I have develop `` tennis elbow '' and this sander 's light weight help : 7lb vs. pc 's highly rate weight of 13 . when you use a sander vertically or overhead , that make a big difference . the speed control be simple to adjust , and be variable by the amount of tension place on the trigger . even if you have it set to max speed , by not pull the trigger all the way , the speed will be less than max . the sander be make in Switzerland , and this have to be better than China . this sander feel great out of the box , sand flat and I highly recommend it .
Bag	POS	4	this be a great item . however , I find it a bit small in diameter for a set of serious cable .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this for my Canon Powershot a610 because canon 's case which be make for this model -lrb- dcc-300 -rrb- have not be release in the U.S. as far as I can tell , and I do not want to squeeze it into the model make for the a95 . as for the case , it fit very nicely . the space for the extra memory card be good . the lining be excellent . the battery be suppose to go to the side of the camera , not in front , and though fitting four aa be a bit tricky , it can be do , and that way no battery fall out when the case be open .
Bag	POS	5	my current equipment consist of a rebel XT , 75-300 4-5 .6 , a 50 1.8 , a 17-85 4-5 .6 be , a 580exius flash -lrb- truly excellent -rrb- , mini tripod , spare battery and charger , Cleaning kit -lrb- the big one with the little spatula for clean the sensor -rrb- , Lens hood for the two big lens , misc filter , and a full size cheap-o tripod . I take this bag out for the first time on we Disney Cruise and find myself with room to spare for everything i may ever need . the problem with this be before , when use a random old camera bag I have for my cheap-o video camera , all I could take be the body , and lens . now I can fit all this other stuff , and it be just too big to take with you for a day at Disney . I find myself want a smaller bag for daily carry around , and use this bag for major travel . it be comfortable , but heavy due mostly to accumulation of item . . -lrb- ooh look ! I can fit this thingy over here ! . I might need a russian nuclear submarine today , Ill stash it here ! -rrb- its fastening system be good , though I find myself use the plastic buckle more than the zipper , and the tripod carry loop , uh . . carry a tripod . only complaint be that my cheapo tripod stick out past the edge of the bag , so I find myself bang it into wall and hallway sometimes . pro : big configurable sturdy comfortable con : big irresistible urge to fill it with more item ... -lrb- l lens ... -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	I love this product because it work even better than a glove . it be my favorite of all the poop bag we have try .
Bag	POS	4	I put a set of professional 2-gauge , 20 foot long jumper cable in this little bag , and they fit fine . if those will fit , any other cable will too . the cloth be thick enough to resist snag and tear , and have a small outside pocket for something very tiny -lrb- the pocket be too little for anything big -rrb- . Compact , and fit well in the trunk , yet sturdy enough for the weight of the cable . very good , as long as you be not plan on put too much else in there . a set of rubber glove , wipe , and small flashlight might fit , but nothing big .
Bag	POS	5	the interior of Lowepro D-Res 10 AW be make of soft fabric that form a thick cushion to protect digital camera . the exterior be strong and durable . the hidden jacket at the bottom of the bag could be pull out to cover the bag for water-proof purpose . its easy attachment to the belt do not require take off of the belt in order to mount the bag on the waist . as of the size , it fit a Canon s20 perfectly with a side slot that hold up to 2 li-ion battery and a front pocket that hold one cf card . bottom line : I feel safe to put my digital camera in this bag .
Bag	POS	5	this camera bag be a must have !!! it be roomy and very well design . highly recommend !!!
Bag	POS	5	love this bag . sturdy and much bigger than i think it would be . lot of way to configure interior padding . I have one body and two lens , two strobe and battery charge etc. . all fit great . lot of place to put all the little thing . build quality feel good and should last on the road . thanks
Bag	POS	5	this camera bag be exactly what I need . the design be not bulky , but slim , make the bag comfortable to tote on long walk . I use it as a accessory bag as oppose to a camera bag . but this bag be well constucted , lightweight and look good . it can serve as either a bag for a large camera and some accessory or the accessory themselves , such as conversion lens .
Bag	POS	5	I find a couple of bad review of this product but can only assume the reviewer be compare it to a full dust extraction system because for a simple fabric bag this work perfectly . Catches 80-90 % of the sawdust -lrb- which from a Bosch saw be considerable -rrb- , just a small amount below the saw . without it you 'll be sweep for age - or worse you wife will leave you ! Money well spend , simple , effective , not a vacuum system - but a fraction of the cost .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this cable bag in conjunction with Coleman Cable Systems 08660 20 ' heavy duty 4-gauge Jumper Cables -lrb- also sell by Amazon -rrb- . this bag swallow the 20 foot of four gauge cable and can easily accomodate a longer , heavier cable . the product dimension be 13 inch in diameter x 4 inch in depth . Bucket Boss make high quality product that will satisfy the most demand consumer . if you would like to protect you booster cable and reduce clutter , this product do a outstanding job .
Bag	NEG	1	I be not even sure where to start ... well , its not a back pack . its a carry case with handle and a shoulder strap . the strap be uncomfortable , skinny , and way too long for even a large human male . the damn thing do not fit my detector without break it down . after break it down the battery pack and headphone do not fit in the pocket . I almost lose my battery pack and control unit on the trail because they fall out of the way too small unable to zip pouch . my fishing pole may fit , if I keep it . at this point im so frustrated I want nothing to do with garrett , optics planet , or Amazon . do not waste you money .
Bag	POS	5	I be a hobbyist woodworker who make furniture from solid hardwood , mostly black ash , oak , and maple . this involve glue up a lot of panel of vary size , all of which need to be sand . this sander be purchase to replace a 4x2l craftsman which do not collect a scintilla of dust and be a real `` screamer '' . this tool be a comparative joy to use . it be surprisingly quiet , have wonderful dust collection , great balance and lot of power . track be flawless , and its weight add to the ease of sand horizontal surface . the long cord be a nice feature as well . do not buy this unit if you be go to sand vertically , though . it be too heavy . but for heavy duty sand application of horizontal work , this thing be a winner . I would buy it again in a New York minute . if you need a good belt sander , you need this one .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be extremely well padded . I have take it to Disney World and drop it while hurriedly exit a move ride -lrb- people mover -rrb- and all of my electronics survive the fall in perfect condition . this bag have be to the beach , soccer field , pool , you name and we have do it . just dust it off and head off to you next adventure . I have have this bag for nearly 3 year and it show no sign of wear . the blue area of the bag be start to get a little grungy look but nothing that can not be easily clean . I love all the extra compartment . the removable\/adjustable center divider in the main compartment be excellent for make room for all of you small electronics . I have discover that with a little clever packing I can fit my camcorder , 6 minidv tape , audio\/video cable , camcorder charger , digital camera -lrb- a large old one -rrb- , APS camera , spare battery , digital memory card reader , and 4 roll APS film into the bag . -lrb- keep in mind , my camcorder be a fairly small MiniDV camcorder . measure you camcorder to be sure this bag will be large enough for you equipment . -rrb- for wear comfort it have a nice padded carry handle and adjustable , nylon webbing , shoulder strap . the bag itself be so lightweight that you hardly notice it be there , yet it be provide exceptional protection to you camcorder . another winner from the people at Samsonite .
Bag	POS	5	I have purchase this bag for all my child , niece and nephew to go with they jumper cable . they be very rugged and durable .
Bag	POS	4	I order this without think much about how much help it would be . I have only use it a few time , but already I can see that I 'll do as the other contractor\/reviewer say and buy several for different type of job . this first one be hold assorted screw , bit , bit holder , tape measure , etc. so that when I be start work , I do not have to search through box and bottle for the thing I 'll need ... I just grab the bag and go . I carry it by the outer string rather than the loop handle in the middle and this pull the top tight so nothing be likely to spill unless I drop it . I like it ! good purchase .
Bag	POS	5	we keep this bag with jumper cable , basic emergency tool , a flashlight , a emergency blanket and a first aid kit in all we vehicle . the inner pocket allow organization and help to keep stuff from rattle around . no trunk should be without one .
Bag	POS	5	I need a bag with good padding to protect my digital camera -lrb- Kodak dc4800 -rrb- , storage device -lrb- Digital Wallet -rrb- , Telephoto Lens , Lens Adapter , extra battery , battery charger . this bag help I organize it all -- with good padding for protection . there be two removable padded divider that can be position practically anywhere in the bag . the top flap have a zippered compartment great for smaller item like flash card , several battery , etc. .  i especially like the two quick-and-easy-access pocket on the side that be make of mesh\/netting . Great for temporarily hold small extra . a more secure zippered compartment be on the front , where my digital wallet be a perfect fit . but for maximum protection from impact , I choose to keep it inside the main storage area and use the outside compartment for battery , charger , cord , etc. -lrb- which leave even more room inside -rrb- .  there be yet another compartment , a zippered pocket , on the rear where I store papers , lens tissue or maybe a passport .  i like have the choice of carry this attractive durable bag by the handle on top - or by the shoulder strap . by the way , the top zipper shut , and also have a snap-shut `` buckle . '' I have not yet be in inclement weather with this bag , but it have weather-protection feature on the top -lrb- lid -rrb- and bottom . it also have 2 belt loop on the back that permit hands-free use ...  if you have a 35mm camera with a couple lens or flash attachment , you may need a bigger bag . I have a professional 35mm slr camera with two lens and a rather big flash . for that setup , I need the larger wordproof 3.2 bb . but the smaller bag be definitely more practical when I be have fun as a tourist .
Bag	POS	5	great sander . lightweight , great if you have to one hand something or if you have to sand vertically or overhead . the tracking adjuster work like a champ . change belt be super fast and easy . only complaint be the dust-bag ... it seem kind of cheesy compare to how well build the rest of the sander be , but I buy a sander , not a dust collector . make in Switzerland .
Bag	NEG	1	I be really excite when I first get this bag , but since have grow to hate it . I have a Dell laptop , relatively light weight and I carry my computer in this bag at all time . but it have terrible weight distribution ! in fact , my shoulder be hurt so much after one flight that I check my laptop in my luggage to avoid use this bag . poorly design ! do not buy this bag if you plan to carry you laptop . it just be not design properly for it ! I now have the latest Eddie Bauer bag and be very pleased . anyone want a slightly use Amazon bag ? -lrb- ha ha -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	this be the only belt sander I know of with a absolutely flat platten -lrb- belt support -rrb- . that plus the light weight and excellent speed control make it a great choice for cabinet face , shelve and smooth dutchman patch . while sand a crown out of a 3\/4 '' particleboard floor , I do find that I have to use a lower speed -lrb- probably because so much of the belt be in contact with the surface , for so long -rrb- , and that this cause the handle to get hot -lrb- directly over the variable speed switch -rrb- , so I would have to rest the sander . on material that can be sand at full speed -lrb- redwood , pine , metal -rrb- , heat have not be a problem . Watch out for the cord , though . I get mine one day and bent the aluminium frame . it happen .
Bag	POS	5	better than expect . plenty of room for all my accessory ; battery charger , spare battery , camcorder , dig camera , cable , etc. . my camera be small so size be not really a issue . for I it be just the right size ... work great .
Bag	NEU	3	product seem to work fine , however I would like the item to be exactly like the picture . the one that be send to I have a cheap look bag attach which do not look like the picture . it do not have the black support or even Bosch write on it anywhere . -lrb- say cheap generic bag if that be what you be go to include with the product -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	this little bag have extend the life of we camcorder in numerous fall off the table , drop , bang around in the trunk , etc. . nicely pad , have lot of storage for the extra such as more tape , charger , etc. . well worth every penny for this camcorder insurance !
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag for my Olympus 3040Z . the camera , charger , spare battery and cable fit perfectly . the construction be very good for a bag at this low price and very reasonable shipping cost .
Bag	NEG	1	I buy a 1274dv a few year ago . as I have find with other Bosch tool they be hit or miss . you might get lucky . you might get a lemon . my sander be worthless . I get about 2-3 hour use out of it . the paper will not stay on no matter how much time I or anyone else devote to try to solve the problem . I replace it with a Dewalt . I keep the bosch on a pile of junk in my shop to remind I of the problem I have have with Bosch tool .
Bag	NEG	1	I be surprise that some people give the dust bag a high rating . base on the sawdust that I sweep up around the saw and the sawdust collect in the bag , I would roughly estimate the bag collect less than 20 % of the sawdust create . I be expect at least 60 % . it be possible that other get different result depend on the wood that they be cut and the blade that they be use . at least , I be use my saw outside on my driveway . hopefully , I will get better result use my Festool shop vacuum . I purchase the bag from Amazon . can . great service . I be please at how quickly they fill the order . I be not so pleased how the book on plumbing that be ship in the same order get crease .
Bag	POS	5	I use this bag solely to keep in the trunk of the car with jumper cable in it and a flashlight for those `` just in case '' and you `` never know '' event . I be tire of deal with cable lay all over the trunk . I buy 2 a few year back for my car , and this I purchase to give to my father for Christmas . it keep everyte neat and confine , and be make of sound material with strong stitching and zipper . if you be look for something to organize you trunk and store those pesky jumper cable , this be it . I love it . a can not miss !!
Bag	NEG	1	the box come with the security seal open , a bad sign . I look like the item have be return . the problem be the sand belt just fly off and the tension adjuster do not work at all .
Bag	POS	5	I have be use a Gatemouth Longboy for at least five year now . here be what be usually in it -lrb- partial list -rrb- : Bosch Compact 14.4 , bit box , flat bar , 16 oz . hammer , 8 and 10 '' Crescents , slipjoint pliers , assorted screwdriver , 5 or 6 plastic screw\/misc . container , punch , chisel , drill bit set , chalk line , safety glass , stud finder , spray lube -lrb- 2 -rrb- , teflon tape , wood glue and superglue , 8 '' Visegrips , 10 '' Channellocks , needlenose pliers , small visegrip , utility knife blade , torpedo and 2 ' level , misc . bit , Milwaukee job see w\/blades , etc. etc. . when it get over 55 lb . I have to clean it out so I can still lift it . have to quit use the shoulder strap -lrb- which work great on the Sparky electrician 's bag , which be also great -rrb- as my right shoulder be start to suffer from sling it . it be unbelievable the amount of wear and abuse this bag 's take -lrb- I use it daily -rrb- . if it ever wear out I 'll get another one in a heartbeat . just make sure to have a smaller one available when you only need to take a few tool in at a time .
Bag	POS	4	great bag for hold a GameBoy Advance with a light and other accessory , but it look like a purse . go for it if you like function over form , or if you be a girl .
Bag	NEG	1	I do not think this bag be worth the $ 14 + price . it be SMALLER & NOT AS STURDY look as I expect .
Bag	POS	5	I be very happy with this product . hold my camera and more , safely . highly recommend it !
Bag	NEG	1	as mention in another review here , you best bet for collect sawdust from you table saw be with a Shop Vac or other shop vacuum . this bag , instead of collect dust , impede the flow of waste material and make more of a mess in the shop than run the saw without the bag . it will collect some material , but far more material be blow up from the saw and into the work space when the bag be attach .
Bag	NEG	2	this bag appear to be very durable and have ample space for storage . the problem be access the storage area at the bottom of the bag . in order to get to the storage area in the bottom of the bag you have to remove everything from the top . we return the bag for this reason . this bag would have be perfect if there be a zipper access along the base that open up the bottom storage area for easy access .
Bag	POS	5	First belt sander I have own , seem to work great , easy to change belt and adjust for straight running . pick up dust very well . I have fill the dust bag several time already . be easy to control , well balanced and either aggressively remove wood or provide a very smooth finish depend on belt coarseness . keep it move so you do not dig a hole .  Tom
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for a customer who want this specific bag and could not find it anywhere . it be no longer make by the manufacturer , so be very hard to find . the supplier here get it to I in perfect condition and with fast shipping . they may not have this item anymore but they have many other to replace it and they have fabulous work ethic and will go far in business . check they out even if they can not get this particular item for you . they will make it worth you while .
Bag	POS	5	my wife buy I this bag for Christmas and I have be wait to write a review until I have a little experience with it . I love this bag . it hold all of my gear : Canon 40D and rebel 300d body , 17-40 f\/4l w\/hood , 70-200 f\/2 .8 l be w\/hood , ef-s 18-55 and ef-s 55-250 w\/hood , and speedlite 430exius with diffuser . it also store all of my camera cleaning supplies and have ample room for manual , filter , memory card , and battery . I would highly recommend this bag to anybody look for a high quality bag to hold a lot of gear .
Bag	POS	5	this Sander be a monster ... you need to get this sander ... forget the rest !!!!!! very quiet and smooth handling , get the job do .
Bag	POS	5	really nice bag ! I do not know how much I need this thing until I start use it . it pay for itself in make up time look for you razor knife and carpenter pencil and Sawzall blade ... awesome ! I be not very happy that UPS deliver the box with a big hole in the side ... idiot ... but the contents be fine . excellent construction and comfortable carry straps\/handle . Wish Amazon would offer more shipping option ...
Bag	POS	5	a very good deal for the money . there be more than enough space which can hold a array of accessory . the feature that impress I the most be the slot for memory card and battery which can be access most comfortably .
Bag	NEG	1	I have own this sander for a few month . buy it for remodel work I be do to my house but I also have a little work shop where I make box and some furniture . this sander have pretty well take up residence in one of my wood vise . I use it alot in my shop . the belt stay on track and variable speed be really nice . I have a large 6x24 belt sander but it really do not get any attention anymore . I would recommend one of these in place of a stationary sander as it be so versatile .
Bag	NEU	3	this product , I think , be fairly ok . it only have room for 1 roll of film and it doesnt have a lot of padding if it fall . but the perk be it have a cool sleek design to it but it be what be on the inside that count .
Bag	POS	5	fine bag . well-made as you would expect . look great . expect to get year of trouble-free use .
Bag	NEG	2	the bag I receive do not fit the description list here on the site . the bag be much larger and have no divider to keep the camera safely inside it . it be so large I could fit about four of my Olympus Camedia 520 's in it . even the hangtag on the bag describe thing that be not in it . I have a great deal of trouble find how to contact Amazon about this problem and be now await and ARS container to return it for a refund . from read other review I see I be not the only one to receive a bag much different from the one describe here on the site . I will be buy a replacement from a store where I can actually see what I be get .
Bag	NEU	3	the bag be well make and fit my k-x with 18-55mm zoom nicely . inside top flap pocket for extra battery and sd card be nice to have . only problem -- the strap be too short to wear over the opposite shoulder . I be not huge , but when I put the strap over my opposite shoulder the bag come up to my rib . the strap need to be at least 10 '' longer to sit at waist\/hip level . hang the strap over the same shoulder be not nearly as secure . this strap use ` male ' side release connector on each end , most camera bag use clip-type fitting so I have not be able to find a replacement strap .
Bag	POS	5	I do not carry a laptop ; I have enough problem with one desktop at home and four at work . BUT wrap some `` blue ice '' in a towel and put it and a sandwich , etc. in the laptop compartment , and I have get a semi-insulated lunch bag -- along with plenty of room for everything else . for some reason , I carry half of my possession back and forth to work each day . at this time of year , this bag be almost perfect . I hate to say the price be a steal , but ... the price be a steal .
Bag	POS	4	I receive this bag today and overall I be pleased with it but I think they be be very generous in the description they provide . I have a Canon 7d with 18 to 135mm zoom attach and a Canon 40d with attach 60mm lens , both camera have attach battery grip . I want a bag that be big enough to carry both camera with attach grip and lens as well as my Sigma flash , Canon remote unit and battery charger , spare battery , etc. . the bag accomodate my gear but just barely and there be absolutely no way you be fitting other lens in it ! I do not know what size flash they use in the picture they show but it have to be very small . I have to remove all of the divider to get my camera to fit and then squeeze two of they back in to provide some protection for the camera . overall I be satisfied , it do work for what I have currently and that be what I want , but I will not be add additional gear in this bag . I be mention this because they make this bag sound much bigger and more versatile than it be . if you want to remove you lens , not have battery grip attach or if you have some smaller camera you may be able to carry a lot more equipment but with any substantial gear it be gonna be tight ... with that all say , it appear to be a well make bag , nothing sexy or exciting but functional ... I suspect it 'll last I a long time .
Bag	NEG	1	perhaps I miss read about this . I think it be a digital camera and the case . I only receive the case . I will be return this item soon .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy this for a Kodak DC280 , and it be ok to use . I guess that I realize Ithat I want a larger style bag , though this one work if I just want to bring along the camera and a extra memory card . I be never thrill with it , and then I purchase a new camera -lrb- canon g1 -rrb- that do not fit in this case . that be when I realize how good life could be with a larger bag .  if you want a small case to just carry you camera and a few very small accessory -lrb- 4 aa batteri and a memory card or two -rrb- , then this might be the one for you . but it be not the right one for I .
Bag	POS	4	the Makita 9403 belt sander arrive as schedule . I promptly open the package to discover a lightly use or `` demoe '' tool . there be a light layer of dust on the tool and the some minor scratch on the base and the pressure plate show striation from operation . it certainly do not look like much more than very brief use and the abrasive belt be new . possibly someone return it after test firing it and decide it be not what they need . the packaging be original but not quite `` right '' - brown paper use to pad the tool - not use in my -lrb- very limited -rrb- experience with other Makita tool but often use by amazon in packaging . the light `` pre-use '' do not bother I much as that be what the tool will look like after five minute of use . more troubling , the plastic slide that hold the dust bag -lrb- part no 1225629 -rrb- close be break in several place . the broken piece be all in the box , support the thesis the tool have be open , try or at least run in a dusty environment , and then incorrectly repackage . the dust bag itself appear unused . I have email Amazon ask they to simply replace the plastic slide rather than force I to go through the hassle of repackage and ship the tool back . I 'll provide a update after Amazon respond . Update : Amazon could not send just the broken part but do provide for return shipping and immediately send out a new one . I be fully satisfy with the replacement and they prompt response . after a dozen hour use I be pleased with the tool . my only disappointment be that it require adjusting\/centering the belt a bit too frequently , but easily do .
Bag	NEG	2	Thought I would give this bag a try as I be purchase a few other item on Amazon and take advantage of the free shipping offer . the Bosch table see that the bag attach to be great , the bag be not ! when rip a 2 x 4 the chip just plug up in the bottom of the saw as there be not enough flow into the bag . the bag also plug up at the next job when I be just do general cross cut work in poplar and oak . probably need to purchase one of those canister type dust collector . save you money and dont buy this Bosch accessory .
Bag	POS	5	I love these bag . when I go out to work on a job , I just grab a screw bag , a nail bag or bolt bag and my cordless drill . I have everything on the job site -- all pre-organized . they be super rugged , I can not see how anyone could puncture or make one of these bag fail .
Bag	POS	5	when I get my job as a librarian , one of the first thing I notice be how many bag these people carry to and from work . six month into the job , I need one desparately as well ! this bag be wonderful because it have a place for you notebook computer -lrb- alas , I use this space for my library book ! -rrb- and a zippered pocket inside -lrb- where I keep my cosmetic ! -rrb- plus a little `` net '' pocket where I keep thing I need access to quickly -lrb- my key ! -rrb- . it also have a zipper pocket outside where I keep my pencil . the bag have plenty of space , since it manage to carry my lunch , all my book , my purse , and everything else I need to carry ! the strap be just long enough to sling over my shoulder and just short enough that I can carry it by hand if I want to . I like the color too ; they be neutral so they match pretty much everything I own . the bag be my lifesaver ; and after about 6 month of hard use , it still show no wear !
Bag	POS	4	I really like this sander and have use it to sand a modest size deck -lrb- 9 ' x 20 ' -rrb- - lot of sand belt but the sander be flawless . do not like the bag so much but not a big deal either . I push this off my work table and break the front handle but be able to get a replacement for five buck at ereplacement dot com . I have use this upside down which be a unexpected feature base on its flat top .
Bag	POS	4	I find this be perfect for carry my Sony Mavica fd75 , the batter charger and a few disk . there not much room for anything else , but then what be in it do not flop around - which be something I really like . the quality be good , I think this bag will last a long time . for the price , you can not beat it .
Bag	POS	5	I get my n88rh from a pawn shop selling on eBay . the guy be brand new , never fire , warranty and all , but do not include the carry bag . the Bostitch brand bag design for that gun be tough to find , so this one seem like a good fit . the gun fit perfectly , with just a bit of room to spare inside . it be just right - no slide around , not too tight . you have to open the bag all the way to get the gun in there properly , but it be nothing bad . get this bag .
Bag	POS	5	I buy the Samsonite worldproof 4.1 to house a Canon es8200v . the bag be perfect for the camcorder , and waste little space so that you can still enjoy a overall compact convenience . along with a buckle that secure the lid , the main compartment be further secure by a zipper which be hide under the hood of the lid , prevent it from clink annoyingly or accidentally unzip . there be mesh net on the inside of the top lid that you can use to store something slim . also , there be mesh pocket on each side of the case . even with the camcorder inside , I still have a couple of inch to spare , just enough to use the adjustable partition to store the adapter . additionally , the front pocket can store videotape , etc. . the one thing that I find different from the post image be that the blue coloring be not nearly as bright as it appear . although much more subdue , I find that the actual blue color be much more fashionable and blend in nicely with the black . the padding be ample , and the material be water resistant and durable .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag think that for the price I would get a commuter tote with about a six month life . instead I get the perfect bag ! I use the notebook section to put book , magazine and a -lrb- paper -rrb- notebook . I can then fit anything in the main section , include a complete change of clothes . for example , tonight I have two small notebook , three magazine , my wallet and checkbook , my cell phone and pager , cough drop , candy , a 15,000 page credit manual , and seven file folder . plus pen and other junk . the strap be large enough to sling the bag over you shoulder so you can center the weight a little more comfortably . it also have a great key clip , a convenient little pocket the perfect size for my train pass and access card , and a roomy outside pocket for stuff you want to grab quickly .
Bag	POS	4	a absolutely wonderful bag for the money ! Big , roomy , comfortable to carry -lrb- no matter how much you stuff inside -rrb- and a very well thought-out design .
Bag	NEU	3	this device do work , but it clog up really easily-thus create ton of blow back from the kerf plate . I use it a few time then retire it . vacuum or dust pile be the way I roll .
Bag	POS	5	first , I do not have a dust collection system , but do have a shop vac and the Bosch dust bag be still the 2nd best of my 3 option , and probably the best option for the money period . the bag have a pretty good capacity , and in itself do not seem to cause any clog in the saw 's exhaust port that would not naturally occur . it clamp securly to the port and its simple to use . I preffer it over hook up my shop vac because it do not draw any more power , be super easy to hook up , and be easier than trip over my shop vac that always get in the way . this do a very good job at collect dust and I would definitely recomend it to anyone not use a collection system .
Bag	NEG	1	this tool be not ground and be not properly insulate , I get a shock of electricity every time I use it . there be no speed adjustment , just slow , no power , my belt keep brake . the dust bag keep fly off . I recommend stay away from this tool .
Bag	POS	5	this be the best bag for the money available ! nothing else can be say .
Bag	POS	5	I buy the large for home and the small to keep in the car . both great bag .
Bag	NEU	3	I have two canon body with vertical grip , 2 flash , and three lens with another one on the way . they do not all fit . I have the 580 ex ii , 480 ex , 70 - 200 mm , 50 mm , and 17 - 40 mm -lrb- all l lens -rrb- for canon . I do not have enough space for the second flash or the 50 mm . I have to keep one camera body portable -lrb- which be fine for out on assignment , but not when in storage -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	Dewalt be the best and there bag be the best . it be good for most of you small tool .
Bag	POS	5	the picture show a sawzall in the bag . that get a bit heavy for I but I really like these bag a lot .
Bag	POS	5	I could not agree more with Jim Thompson on this sander . you can tell that alot of thought go into its design . it be so much more useful than ordinary belt sander . for one thing the balance be perfect . you do not have to torque you wrist to get it to sand level . because of the in line design , you can see both side of the belt when you be sand . of course you have to watch it and keep it move , but it be alot less work with the little Bosch than the other . it be a little slower than the fastest sander . but what you sacrifice in speed , you gain in control and accuracy . I would not buy one to sand floor , but for finish work you can not beat it . it be light enough to use one hand if you have to . it easily become a table top horizontal sander by flip it over on its flat top . -lrb- it be even better with the sand frame -rrb- the dust collection really do work . the front handle come off for tight spot . Belt change be a cinch with the lever action release . the variable speed be a lifesaver with soft wood , detail work where you do not want to take too much off or even rough grind on chisel and plane iron . I have several Belt sander from different manufacturer and this truly be my all time favorite .
Bag	POS	5	this camera bag be exactly what I be look for . it have plenty of room for the camera and lens as well as plenty of storage space .
Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this camera after extensively read the online review here and elsewhere . everyone seem to love this camera . it do take `` decent '' photo , however , it be poorly construct , the `` automatic scene recognition system '' freak out my wife who could not tell what the camera be do . she end up ignore the flash red light in the view finder . they be quite distracting .  the camera do not remember its setting after be turn off and then on again .  the built-in flash turn black after only a few month of use .  finally , we take it on a hike , my wife have it in she hand , and lose she balance . barely tap it -lrb- with she hand recive most of the blow -rrb- on the ground . now it will not turn off and the lens shutter will not close .  it be a basically a pile of trash now , and not worth the $ 188 that we pay for it .  i 'll think twice before believe on-line review and\/or before buy another Minolta .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for a apprentice plumber , and it be just right for he with all the great pocket ! arrive fast , it be a great purchase !
Bag	NEU	3	sander track reasonably well -lrb- not great - yet far better than the old craftsman that be throw out -rrb- , be able to handle rough grits easily -lrb- unlike the AEG I give up on -rrb- . do what I ask it to do -lrb- rough sand -rrb- BUT will clog quickly -lrb- something that seem to be prevalent in other review I have read -rrb- . the primary reason for write this review be to advise that it be easy to clean the clog with a air compressor gun -lrb- not like another reviewer who disassemble he machine to remove the clog with small screwdriver -rrb- . as another reviewer note the dust bag be less than adequate -lrb- I run it directly into the shop-vac - which leave a clean surface and little dust in the air -rrb- . for the price a decent machine that still could use some improvement in the problem area , but not one of Bosch 's best product .
Bag	POS	5	ca not really rate this because I have not order it yet. , but I have just check with some friend in England and , judge by the good review here on you website , I think I be go to take this one with I .
Bag	POS	5	this be a excellent sander . I really work this machine and it just keep on go . Brace you foot , hang on tight and keep on move ; this be a powerful sander . I usually sand with three grits and when change belt it be rarely necessary to touch the tracking adjustment . the 4 inch footprint be more resistant to tip than my 3 inch sander and ergonomics be perfect for I . con : there be 2 flat spot on the metal front roller 180 degree apart which cause a barely discernible bump but it be not really a problem . it just sometimes make it hard to tell if a belt be about to separate or not . recommend .
Bag	POS	5	this tool bag be the perfect size to fit all my cordless tool together . the opening be very large , make it easy to load up . it be contruct to be very durable .
Bag	POS	5	while I take pleasure in owning and use quality tool , I be not one to gush or even normally write a review . that say , I love this sander . here 's why : well-balanced , low center of gravity . feel right when hold , do not have to make conscious effort to hold true . variable speed . note : Variable , NOT multiple speed . speed vary infinitely depend on trigger pressure , just like any variable-speed drill . speed dial on trigger act as speed limiter , a not-to-exceed setting . otherwise pull fully for max set speed and back off trigger to slow in those must-be-careful spot , then pull fully again for max speed . truly intuitive , fluid . light weight enough to use without effort , yet heavy enough to do its intended job . certainly not for massive stock removal day in and day out , but perfect for frequent use my small shop and occasional light construction duty . if you need a brute , buy a brute . if you do not , do not beat yourself up with one . treat yourself with this Bosch . a dust collector that work . very , very little on my mask at the end of a session of sand . only a light powder on the surface of the work and a coating on the sander attract by static . no dust laden air , no immediate sweep-up . empty the bag , blow off the sander , wipe the sanded piece . do . flat top and fence attachment extend its functionality , provide a small bench top sander . quality swiss-made . okay , so I gush a bit . great tool be such a pleasure to use and all too rare a treat .
Bag	NEG	1	for the price of this bag and a decent set of cable , you can get a portable jump start system from Husky , Coleman , etc. with a build in worklight -lrb- add bonus , you can use these system as a power source for power outage , tailgate party , extend cell use , etc. -rrb- and , these gadget be easier to use and\/or store than cable . add about 10 buck , and you can get the model that have light duty air compressor build in .
Bag	POS	5	the Tamarac pro 12 be a well think out and well make camera bag which hold more gear than my previous Lowepro Magnum AW for much less cost . Amazon 's price on this bag be lower than anywhere else I shop . Great Value and Great Price plus free shipping make this a fantastic purchase . Grant
Bag	NEG	2	the picture look good but the performance be disapoint !! it do catch some saw dust but the rest end up on floor and in you face !! with the bag on , the back pressure from the bag over the exhaust force the dust around the blade guard and up !! through the table plate and into you face !!! wear eye protection ! better off invest the money in a vacuum system or a hose connector for my jet-dust system ? -lrb- jim casey - carpentry , mashpee ma . -rrb-
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this bag to accompany my Sony Digital 8 trv-103 . it fit great - not too tight , just enough room inside for a tape or two if need . the side pouch be a little tight , but have enough room for the remote control , two tape and a spare battery , plus a av cable . my only critique be that the bag do not have enough space for the ac adapter . while it fit in the main compartment with the camera , it be a pain to juggle it around when removing\/replacing the camera . nice leather-esque outside and rig bottom . a good bet for a small camcorder .
Bag	POS	5	my daughter send I a Amazon.com tote bag for my birthday . I have not let go of it since ! I put all sort of thing in it - I think it be bottomless . I sling it over my shoulder , and I be ready to go . I love the quality and roominess of this bag .
Bag	POS	5	finally , I can clean the garage which have be sawdusty since my first use four year ago . this bag be perfect for my occasional use of the saw .
Bag	NEU	3	barely space for a camcorder or one slr and 2 lens . though be bring more space for my nikon d70 with 3 lens and a flash .
Bag	NEG	1	beware ! the item ship be not that which be picture . the `` GateMouth '' bag be a great bag which open from the top with two pivot point , create a wide mouth opening , hence the name GateMouth . however , the item ship be the less expensive -lrb- generally sell for $ 22.50 -rrb- side opening bag . not a good thing to do , substitute a cheaper product that do not even look like the picture !
Bag	POS	4	the Lowepro d-re case be really wonderfully design , but be very clear in you expectation : because they be so well-padded , they may look like they hold a little more than they do .  the d-re 25 aw I buy for my Coolpix 950 fit it like a glove , but for I that be exactly the problem . it 'll fit the camera , but the camera 's neck strap could only be stuff in in a manner that be both inconvenient and potentially harmful to the camera . it will hold a spare set of battery , but a extra filter or two be out of the question -lrb- not safely , anyway -rrb- , as be the tiny tripod -lrb- about the size of 3 ballpoint pen side-by-side -rrb- I like to have with I .  I mention this in part because Lowepro 's camera matrix ... recommend the 25aw for the slightly longer Coolpix 990 . while this may be accurate , it might not be practical for all consumer -lrb- for reason such as those give above -rrb- . still , the matrix be a good place to start , and full dimension for each bag can be find elsewhere on the manufacturer 's site .  for myself , I will be exchange the 25aw in favor of the 30AW , which add some width for accessory . once you have find the right size for you purpose , these case be a excellent choice .
Bag	POS	5	a great bag with all the protection you would want for you gear . would be a little tight for two body and all the related gear . quality construction throughout . Amazon give great service again and the bag arrive in a timely manner . I would definitely buy this bag again .
Bag	POS	5	not quite as big as I expect it to be , I almost wish i would have shell out the extra buck for the pro 12 to get a little extra comfort room in the big internal pouch . but , I do not think it would have be worth it a extra $ 40-50 for that little extra room . nevertheless this be a excellent bag and it be actually probably better that I go with the pro 8 instead of the 12 . it be big enough to fit it all , but small enough to carry it around everywhere and not be too much . this bag be definitely well build and durable , ready to take on the winter month come up with its total coverage top , 4 clip , a zipper and velcro to keep the top secure . the inside be nice with the divider and ton of velcro for maximum personalization to any gear you have . ton of pouch , pocket and slot for all that little stuff from memory card slot to cable , cord , cell phone or anything you can think of . so in this nice roomy little bag I manage to fit : - Stroboframe bracket -lrb- tight fit tho -rrb- - Olympus E-510 Dslr w \/ 14-42mm and hood attach -lrb- and strap -rrb- - Canon rebel 2000 film slr w \/ 28-80mm attach -lrb- and strap -rrb- -40 -150 mm lens w \/ hood - fl-50 ttl flash -2 nd manual flash - Portable Hard drive -1 Wireless flash trigger and 2 receiver - cable and cord - memory card , film and any other little thing like lens cap . - small tripod - plus plenty of room for little stuff leave in the pocket and pouch the only thing I have find be that this bag be slightly different from the description in that they must have come out with a newer model that do not have the detachable film bag , but do have red flag for memory card slot , check the Tamrac site for the correct version\/photo . overall it be a excellent bag and I be very pleased with it .
Bag	POS	4	this bag hold my Nikon d40 with 18-55 DX lens with room for a handful of accessory -lrb- battery charger + spare battery and power cord ; usb cable ; lens\/body cap ; uv filter case -rrb- . I find it difficult to position the padding perfectly for the d40 , so the divider do not quite cradle the camera . however , all of the accessory that I find some need for have when I be not at home fit just fine in the bag , and none of the pocket be completely fill . also , there do not seem to be a perfect corner for tuck in the neck strap - I always end up folding it in some wierd position . I do not see much of a good way to fit another lens inside - but hopefully by the time I can afford more glass , I 'll have enough cash for a slightly larger bag too . I have not have a oppurtunity to test the aw -lrb- all weather -rrb- cover yet . however , while not in use , you can barely tell it exist . for soem reason , the price go up since I buy it - it be $ 18.33 at the time of purchase , but two week later , it be go for $ 23.40 . also , I do not see why other color be more expensive - the black one be about ten buck more .
Bag	POS	5	I be refinish the woodwork in my home . I order this to save time in sand the jam , casing and baseboard . this sander work like a charm . I be very glad I purchase it .
Bag	NEU	3	the E-10 will not fit without bulge the top of the bag .  there be about enough space for the equivalent of 4-6 aa battery behind padded partition on each side of the lens . there be also a small zippered front pouch .  the top be secure by a double zipper , a overlap 1-inch rain flap around all three side , and a large front flap with a snap buckle . all combine to make it rain resistent , but difficult to get into easily . do not close well with only the snap buckle for temporary use .  all in all , this be not a very convenient bag to use . it be well-constructed and sturdy .
Bag	POS	5	I really like this bag but be very worried about how my camera would fit -lrb- Canon s110 -rrb- in the bag . I be do a lot of comparison shopping on-line and even use the Lowepro Matrix -lrb- a list of all Lowepro bag and which camera fit best in they -rrb- and they recommend the d-res 10 aw . I find that place my camera in vertically give it too much space to jostle around . place it in the other way give a snugger fit , but now there be a gap between the top of the camera and the bag . the `` gap '' will accommodate 2 cf card with case and the pouch , a battery , give that configuration .  those with compact camera such as mine should consider look at the d-re 8 model . it be more compact , cheaper , although it do not have the all weatherproof cover to pull over the case like the d-re 10 .  i also recommend store the desiccant in the case to avoid moisture ruin you camera . you can just pop they in the oven when they have absorb too much moisture to redry they so that they can be reuse .  overall , I think the bag be a fine product . just make sure you visit a store to find the best fit with you equipment and accessory .
Bag	POS	4	the messenger bag be a great bag . my 13.3 '' laptop fit perfectly and so do my Cassiopeia . only one feature be miss : a hand strap on the top . at 20 $ this be a great deal !
Bag	POS	5	Great case for my Bostitch stick nail framer . have a inside pocket for a oil bottle too . double zipper be heavy duty , the bottom of the case be hard and protect the tool from drop . it be tough on the job site and pack away well in my truck . if you serious about have and keep great tool , you will want this bag .
Bag	POS	5	great bag very nice layout I use it with two Nikon body five lens and two large flash and then a ton of other stuff in the many compartment . bag seal up very well and the strap be of a great design too . all together i think anyone that have more than one camera body should have this bag .
Bag	POS	5	the product be everything say about it . no problem . light weight and fairly quiet . Use good sand belt and you get good result .
Bag	POS	4	this sander replace a crappy DeWalt that last for 2 seconds . and all I can say be : AWESOME ! the only thing I can think of that would prevent I give it 5 star be that it do not come with a case . for my first project , I make the beginner error by not secure the object that be go to be sand to the table . I think that since the bin be pretty big and heavy it would be fine but this sander shot the potato\/onion bin accross the workshop , so it do have more then enough power . after the Dewalt debacle , I will not buy anything else but Makita anymore . I have quite a few Makita tool for some year now and never ever have a problem with any of they .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander for heavy duty sanding of hickory . it be very quiet . have enough power , if use 40 grit paper , that it pull so hard it wear out my employee . the tracking be top quality . the long power cord be a plus . I own over 2 dozen Makita tool and this will not disappoint .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be great , but make sure you do not have more accessory than can fit in ! usually , a average digital camera -lrb- Olympus C-3000 size -rrb- and extra memory card , plus another accesory or two will fit . Don ; t leave home without it !
Bag	POS	5	I be pretty skeptical before buy this , but the review be all great , so i try .  and this be a very good stuff : I can put my dell notebook there and some book , plus a few shirt to tavel overnight . I even use to to go to office .  this be just the good bag i need . very highly recommend .
Bag	POS	4	Got mine today but the dust bag be not the more expensive one available at local retailer or picture on the box or in the manual . the box come with the factory seal but I be perplexed why a very cheap bag that do not carry the Bosch name make of flimsy fabric be in the box . it do match the amazon picture but not anything from the Bosch website or the box . it be not of the same quality as the dust bag on my Bosch random orbit sander .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this bag for a Sony trv30 camcorder and overall be happy with it .  pro : - small - light - weatherproof -lrb- havent actually test it yet , but the retractable hood be a nice touch -rrb-  con : - small - not enough pocket - when wear a t-shirt , the hair on my hand get catch up in the strap attachment -lrb- painful and annoying and I be not even that hairy ! -rrb-  overall , if the constraint dont scare you away , I think its a pretty nice bag .
Bag	POS	5	I be go to buy a smaller 21x3 , but find this Makita for not a whole lot more . I could not resist - especially as I like Makita tool . on arrival , it appear that the unit I receive have already be use . that make I pretty mad but I decide to test it out before return it to Amazon . hey , it be already use so no big deal . well , I be not give it back now . the only down side be that this thing be heavy . one of my project involve remove a bunch of material from some wall . I do not know how long I can hold this heavy beast against a wall though . on the other hand , horizontal-ish surface be super easy because the unit 's weight mean all I have to do be keep control . you do not want this to be you only power sander though . it work fast , but that also mean it can cause a lot of damage in a hurry too . for example , a little slip and you have round a edge rather nicely . it would be very hard to round all the corner evenly though .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be awesome ... I use it to carry just about everything ! it be very durable and easy to clean . I can not believe it be only 29.99 !
Bag	POS	5	this bag be simply one of the most marvellous ! Easy and very usefull to take with you anything you want .
Bag	POS	5	I think it be great . I be think about purchase another one .
Bag	POS	5	another good quality product from Bucket Boss . these bag be make from heavy material with good quality zipper . I be able to easily fit a set of 12 foot long heavy duty jumper cable , several clean shop towel and a small bottle of waterless hand cleaner in the bag . the pocket on the outside of the bag be pretty small . after evaluate the quality , I plan to get another one for my wife 's car .
Bag	POS	5	this be a really good look bag . appropriate for man or woman . I love the configuration of the interior . I do not have a laptop , so the laptop compartment come in handy for a number of use . it be a great place to put a bottle of water . I also use it to put my wet towel in after be at the gym . it help to keep the other stuff dry .
Bag	POS	4	all i can say be wooww . if you look a belt sander in this power and price range dont look any further . fast material removal and excellent dust control system . give it 4 star becuz of the electric cord position . very close to handle and be on you way .
Bag	NEG	1	if this bag work as well as the miter see bag then you would be much better off buy a box of dust mask and a pair of coverall . Waste of money .
Bag	NEG	2	do not work . most power tool dust bag do not work that well . best case be that they may capture 70 % of the saw dust . this be not even close . I have a pile of saw dust all over the floor and saw and almost none in the bag . you would be better off just put a sock or stock on the exhaust .
Bag	NEG	2	I do not understand why this bag be on the c3030 's list of accessory . it be to small for c3030 . I buy it , hardly could squash the camera , than forget to send it back . just a warning for other ...
Bag	POS	5	I have have this tool 2 year so far no problem , lot of power work great compare to the more expensive model do the same job .
Bag	POS	4	I never try a Tamrac camera bag before , and I must say that I really like this model . nice durable construction with a padded interior to protect you camera -lrb- s -rrb- and equipment . that be say , I be a little dubious about the claim that it will fit two slr with lens attach . certainly if you lens be fix then it should not be a problem , but if both be equip with zoom then you may run out of room . I have a Nikon D70s , and with the 18-70mm DX kit lens attach it reach just about to the center of the bag or slightly past it . either way , two camera like that would result in the lens touch tightly at the cap . as my other camera be a Coolpix 5400 room be not a issue , but it do factor into I give the pro 4 star instead of 5 . so basically , if you have one slr and want a roomy bag with adjustable divider and pocket space then this may be what you be look for , otherwise you may want to look for a larger model .
Bag	POS	5	recently convert my rv 's power supply cord to one that plug into both the power source and plug into the rv . do not like try to stuff the cord into the ` rat-hole ' power cord storage box the manf use . I now have a 30 foot cord that be store where ever when not in use . I buy two of these bag for cord storage . they be a perfect fit for ` Parkpower 30RPCRV 30 amp rv right angle lock cordset ' from Amazon and other .
Bag	POS	5	I have use this model sander for year and like it because it be light weight , powerful , and do not wear you out like a heavier sander . its handle be arrange to give it a low center of gravity . this make it easier to control . the graphite impregnate friction pad that the belt run over be readily available from Bosch , be inexpensive and very easy to change . this product arrive as promise and be well package to prevent damage in shipping .
Bag	NEU	3	light , almost too light ; and relatively quiet . not as agressive as I would like , even with 60 grit . dust collection bag still obtrusive and tend to spew extra fine dust into one face if the unit be hold at a ninety degree angle . the angular design make for a secure fit upside down in a bench vise so one can hand feed smaller piece for shaping . I rarely use a belt sander and then only to hog off amount to then use the ro sander . bottom line : I love Bosh anything so if I have the money I would have spend extra to get a heavier duty machine by Bosch .
Bag	POS	4	the dust bag collector for the Bosch table see do a fair job at collection . I would guess it catch 50-75 % of the saw dust which be better than nothing . it hold quite a bit and be easy to empty .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be rugged and large enough to easily fit my Hitachi Framing gun without any trouble . there be even room to put some other loose tool on top if you wish\/need to . the strap a tough and the correct size to carry over the shoulder at waist height . I be very glad I get this to help offer some protection to my frame gun -lrb- especially when load it into the truck , you know how everything end up pile on-top of everything else -rrb- . the only thing that could be better would be for frame gun to include hard case when you buy they -lrb- I do not know any maker who do so -rrb- . I highly recommend this product .
Bag	POS	5	the only thing miss be a tool case and a decent manual with part list and explode view , etc. . no info on accessory product include either . seem Makita be cut corner everywhere . that say , this sander work very well , and be a professional quality tool .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase my bag for its size and price . be not the least disappointed . do not want a large one , and this one be just right . I pack in -lrb- firm fit -rrb- my Sony 707 along with Sony flash all in the main compartment . sure it be a `` shoehorn fit '' but nothing rattle \/ move around . all the other stuff go into the other 3 compartment . Super contented with this one .
Bag	POS	5	if you be just look for a case to protect you valuable camera , this be it ! it look good , be lightweight , and a great price . I just need a case to store my camera in and make sure it do not get bang and scratch when travel with the camera , and this fit the bill exactly !
Bag	POS	4	I be look to keep my camera gear in one place and this be the bag I need .
Bag	POS	5	the Bucket Boss Gatemouth Jr. be ideal for all my need when it require carry nessisary tool to my job site without have to carry a big bulky tool box or larger tool bag . the inside have sew in compartment for all my smaller tool , inside pocket at each end of the bag for larger item that you want organize in one spot so you can find they quickly , have 6 pocket on the outside of the bag in different size , a reinforce bottom as well as reinforce carry handle . I still can not understand why a tool bag this nicely make be only $ 20.00 . I have be to Sears and none of they bag this size be as nice as the Bucket Boss .
Bag	POS	5	I just recently get a Powershot A80 , which I love . I get the Canon psc-60 soft case sight unseen since it seem like a nice complement for the camera . the quality of material be good , but the design seem simplistic and minimalist to the extreme and leave a lot to be desire in term of functionality .  I move on to the Lowepro mx10 -lrb- which be now call the Lowepro D-Res 10 AW , only the color have change a bit -rrb- . for about the same money as the Canon case , I get : - a reclosable belt loop -lrb- with strong velco attachment -rrb- - removable neck strap - soft tricot lining -lrb- no scratch lcd with this case -rrb- - room for a extra compact flash card -lrb- a bit tight with a cf plastic cover , perfect fit with just the card -rrb- - room for 4 extra aa battery , even with the extra compact flash card in the case as well - a weatherproof and durable fabric - wide top-opening full zipper top - reasonably thick padding overall , the Lowepro bag look like it be make for the Powershot a80 -lrb- and presumably the a70 and a60 as well -rrb- , the camera fit just a little loosely by itself , but perfectly with 4 extra aa battery and a spare compact flash card .  I can not say anything negative about my Canon camera , I love it . the psc-60 case , however , leave a lot to be desire , and much better option exist out there . I highly recommend the Lowepro case .  one final note : Lowepro have a `` matrix '' on they website to match many different camera model with the appropriate bag . for the Canon Powershot a60\/a70 -lrb- similar size as the a80 -rrb- , the matrix recommend another bag -lrb- the d-re 8 -rrb- , but I try both in a store and the MX 10\/D-Res 10 seem a better fit , with more room for extra -lrb- cf card and battery -rrb- .
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag intentionally for my Pentax SLR , instead of a video cam , and be very satisfied ! room for the body , two lens and several filter along with half a dozen roll of film and a few odds and end .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be great , its rugged and it hold my camcorder and camera at once . a word of caution though be sure to check out the dimension of the camera you be go to put in it . just to make sure you have a good fit . this bag be better for light use family gathering and stuff like that . if you be more adventurous and like to take you camera on hiking and mountain climbing trip this bag may not be for you . it be durable but it will have minimal protection from the element . Lowepro always make great quality product and even offer warranty on some of they . Hope I be helpful
Bag	POS	5	like all Bucket Boss product , the 6009 bag be sturdy and will stand up to year of abuse . this bag be perfect for store jumper cable . I have a really nice , larger set of cable -lrb- 16 ' 4 guage -rrb- and get the cable in and out of the bag be supper easy , thanks to the heavy duty zipper . even with glove on , it be no problem . this product be well worth the money !
Bag	NEG	1	you do not show spec for this item - like the dimension . when I look for `` product spec '' I get a blank page .
Bag	POS	5	it be weight and balance make it as easy to control as a pad sander but with much more power . I totally agree with the other very positive review of this sander .
Bag	POS	5	I be apprehensive about this collection bag base on the review . however , for the price , and because I be generate a lot of saw dust , I decide to give it a try . I do have a rather powerful shop vacuum that I would sometimes attach to the saw for larger job , but that be always a hassle , and particularly for those occasional short cut . so , I decide to try this dust bag . to my pleasant surprise , it have work very well . apparently , Bosch have make some improvement since other review be write , since the bag I receive be make of heavy cloth material and have a nice zipper in the bottom for easy saw dust removal . the bag collect virtually all the saw dust that go through the dust port , and only when the neck of the bag get inadvertently restrict by the power cord do it ever clog up . on the occasion when I have attach the shop vacuum , I really have to say that I do not think it collect much more see dust than this simple -lrb- and inexpensive -rrb- dust bag do . so -- bottom line , the dust bag seem to have be redesign by Bosch , and for I it work well , and much better than expect . for the price , I do not think you can go wrong .
Bag	POS	5	it be be quite a while since my old belt sander give up the ghost and I have be try to make due with a DeWalt palm sander . I finally break down , however , and after have read the review here on Amazon.com , decide to buy the Bosch belt sander . the package be ship promptly and arrive in good order and I have to say that I be impress the first time I use it to fashion a new threshhold . the belt track well and the dust bag actually do what it be suppose to do . I would recommend this item to anyone .
Bag	POS	4	excellent , sturdy bag , only exist problem be that when open the double end zip to get inside the main compartment of the bag , it do not unfold totally , keep kind of fall back which be rather disturbing . the idea of the `` top '' opening from the body outwards be a great idea however .
Bag	NEG	1	like tit on a bull . I be work with a dado blade , and maybe 5 % of any chips\/dust make it into the bag - the rest fall to the floor . if anybody have a better solution , please let I know .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be very durable and practical for haul around you cordless tool . I use mine to hold my Milwaukee 18 v cordless saw and drill as well as a d-handle Makita router and various hand tool . they all fit nicely . three pouch on the outside each can house a 18 v battery . there be a sturdy divider that velcro on the inside and several small tool divider for nail set , pencil , blade , etc. . the bottom be nicely pad and the shoulder strap be rugged .
Bag	POS	4	Great Sander , powerful and remove wood fast ; rather heavy but all belt sander be heavy tool . the attach bag work well and have to be empty often . if use on fast speed sometimes it tip and will gouge the wood irreparably so one must be careful to keep it flat at all time , no matter the speed . I use it on a huge teak swim platform and do a good job ; with any other sander I would still be there sand !! not a happy thought in freezing weather !!
Bag	NEG	1	I purchase the Bucket Boss model 06009 jumper cable bag base on review that say it could hold a heavy duty set of jumper cable . wrong ! this bag be definitly smaller than I anticipate . it might hold a set of short , cheap , lightweight cable , but there be no way that my heavy duty cable will fit . it might be good for a 50 foot extension cord , but that be about it . the Bucket Boss model 06100 bag might do the job since it appear to be larger , but check before you buy . since mine only cost about $ 11 , it be not worth the hassle of return . I be sure I 'll find some use for it .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this as a christmas gift for my husband . he be impress by the stay open , wide mouth and the sturdiness of the bag . he also like the pocket that line the entire inside of the bag . it be handsome and functional .
Bag	POS	4	bag fit good , however there be alot of dust that the bag dose not collect .
Bag	NEG	1	I have hardly use this little puppy . I nick the belt very slightly sand a piece of aluminum , replace the belt and it will not track properly or adjust now . I 'll update this when I have call Bosch , but I have have other problem recently with a 1375a grinder , and Bosch be not very helpful . overall this should be a great sander accord to design and spec , but it seem so delicate as to be entirely unsuitable for anything other than a ornament . for now , I be not buy another Bosch tool and I be create lot of colorful language when I think about the company . Make sure you read the poor review about Bosch before you commit you hard earn dollar to this company , I do not think they be a very honest company with much integrity at this point .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag after try a few other for my rebel xt . the problem be , I like to carry my small video camera with I and could not find a bag to hold both without it feel very cramped with concern that the camera would bang together . in this bag I be able to carry my rebel xt with 28-135mm lens attach , my Canon video camera where the second camera body would go , a 24mm lens , 60mm macro lens , 85mm lens and 70-300mm do lens . I also have room for battery , image card , battery charger , wallet , cell phone and other misc in the pocket . I be afraid this would be really uncomfortable to carry when fill but so far it feel fine . I think I finally find the bag I be look for .
Bag	POS	5	I receive my Bucket Boss Bag about a month ago and be use it to keep my drill all in one place along with the bit and charger . it work very well and and I well pleased with this bag .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be very sturdy and padded . the description be pretty scanty , but I take a chance and buy it . glad I do . the bag hold my JVC gr-dvl805u minus dv camcorder , the strap , battery , ac adaptor cord , 4 tape , the remote , and all connector cable . it be kind of a tight squeeze with all those accesory , but the bag be compact , comfortable , and easy to carry , with the camcorder still be protect . the bag also come with a lifetime guarantee against defect . the only thing that could be improve be that it be awkward to get the camcorder in or out of the bag while carry it with the strap over the shoulder ; the zipper be hard to reach and go all the way around the top . that be the only thing that could be improve , and could be consider a safety feature , because the camcorder certainly will not come out unexpectedly . the bag be also very durable and nice look . I recommend it .
Bag	NEU	3	I love this bag . the design be nice , the egronomic be great , and the price be right . however , I have find a few flaw with the bag during my short tenure .  First off , the notebook sleeve be pad on the front , two side , and the bottom . there be no padding for the back . while the back be normally rest on you lower back , I find that in case where the bag be set down on the floor a little hard , damage may result from this lack of padding in this area . although this be easily fix by a piece of syrofoam , I do not see how such a obvious oversight come to be .  the second minor flaw be a miss handstrap . although the shoulder strap be great for rest on you shoulder , the longer length make it a poor handstrap . a handstrap along the top of the bag would be incredibly handy for just pick it off the seat next to you , or off the floor for a short walk the next room , save the time of heave it up and sling it over you shoulder .  lastly , despite claim to the contrary , this bag will not cut it for a student , and especially a college student . there be simply not enough capacity for book and material . I feel that you can accomdate a notebook , four medium size book stand up on end , along with a small assortment of write utensil . however , the bag at this point be fairly max out , and leave little room for expansion and other item you work or you computer may need , such as a mouse and power supply or paper and file .
Bag	POS	5	Tamrac 's 5608 camera bag be well construct , make of durable material , and adaptable for various use . it be heavily pad , with a stiff solid bottom , and be large enough to carry a couple of SLR camera body , even with battery grip attach , plus a fair amount of accessory . the interior of the bag can be divide into up to eight smaller compartment . each camera body however , will take two space , so if you carry two body , there will be only four compartment remain . the bag be bout 8 '' deep , and lens , flash unit , flash meter , battery pack , and the like , can be store in these compartment . if you carry you slr unassembled , you can carry quite a lot in this bag . if you want you camera ready to shoot with a lens attach , the divider be design so that a body with a zoom lens can be place down the middle of the bag . a camera with a telephoto lens up to around 10 inch will fit in the bag . if the lens be about three inch each , two SLR 's with lens attach can be accommodate in the down the middle configuration . Whenever a camera be carry this way , you may need to arrange you thing carefully if you want to carry other gear . there be a zippered pocket with two compartment on the bottom of the bag 's cover flap , that be suitable for carry thing like filter , flash diffuser , memory card case and the like . there be a zippered drop down compartment with pocket in the front . a pouch with velcro fastener be on each side of the bag . the flap may not be likely to slip open , but carry a valuable or heavy item in these pouch might not be a good idea . they be a decent size , and be good for item that be not too fragile . on the back of the bag be a shallow zippered pocket . the bag have a padded heavy duty carry strap , and also have strap at the base for carry a tripod . if you do not use a memory card case , there be a wallet for carry digital media , battery , and other small accessory . the wallet be attach to the bag with a elastic band , and side into a compartment on the side of the bag . the wallet be about six inch smaller than the compartment , result in more space to store item if you like . the design of this bag be excellent . space be easy to access , gear be well protect , and there be capacity to conveniently carry a large amount of equipment . as with any camera bag , its ultimate usefulness depend on the user , and the particular gear to be carry . get hands-on access to different bag be not always possible , so study the photo and diagram here , or at Tamrac 's website , and make a determination if this bag have enough space for you gear . the 5608 be available in either black or blue color . in general , camera bag be expensive , and price be on the rise , so if you can afford to wait , try and get one on sale .
Bag	NEG	1	do not do it ! I buy the bag to go with my worksite Bosch Table see -lrb- the saw be awesome -rrb- . there be dust everywhere , include a bit in the bag . but if it be go to be everywhere anyway , I still need to vacuum , so now I need to do that and empty the bag too . I would have save the 15 buck and up the shop vac to the next level instead .
Bag	POS	5	I have have this bag for almost a year and be about to buy another one . great price -lrb- $ 11.40 today Nov 21 , 2011 , about $ 2 less than last year -rrb- . quality seem fine so far . I be replace a hard-shell case that come with some Sears all-copper heavy duty jumper cable because the soft bag be a little friendlier to the stuff float around in my trunk and take up less space . -lrb- no , I do not work for Sears . I just think anybody else shop for high-quality cable might save some time by look there . they seem to be the last one leave offer a decent-quality cable . -rrb- Edit : for those interested in Amazon 's day-to-day price manipulation , it be price at $ 12.30 on Jan 18 , 2012 . the new bag be great , btw . hold together fine with a heavy set of 20 ' copper cable in it .  Bucket Boss 06009 Jumper Cable Bag
Bag	POS	5	glad I get this . it hold my Sony Cybershot camera and my JVC camcorder plus cord and extra battery .
Bag	POS	4	product be exactly as it seem . good build quality . nice look product . I use mine for a Coleman 12 foot medium duty cable , and the bag have a good amount of extra space in it . could accommodate a much larger jumper cable . happy with the purchase .
Bag	NEG	1	it be so unbalanced ... it will turn on its head whenever a cam-body be inside ... . I use with a k7 , and crack it because of the really bad balance of this package ... warning : do not buy it !
Bag	POS	5	give this as a bday gift for my bf and he love it ... in it he put 2 large slr body and 3 lens , flash , extra charger and battery and card of course ... and it be hold up just fine ... it be sturdy but I would not overload it though ... the texture be very thick and the strap be reliable and comfortable ... I would suggest this for someone who be look for a nice , sturdy , less expensive multiple camera bag ... would not doubt it ...
Bag	POS	5	this sander be the best ! best design . track beautifully . the on line price be reasonable . you will not be sorry for buy this model .
Bag	POS	5	I normally do not like buy stuff just to hold other stuff . Esp . something as boring as jumper cable . but my jumper cable keep break or crawl out of whatever box I put they in like they have a life of they own . they be stiff , you can not fold they . so I break down and get this and be really glad . the cable stay coil up and zip into this thing and will not get out . the fabric be very tough , I think it should last at least a decade . it can slide around without tear , you can throw it to the end of the trunk and it 'll be fine . very worth the price not to be bother any more by cable !
Bag	POS	4	this be the second 16 '' McGuire Nicholas bag I have purchase , I use one for most all of my small hand tool use during construction and remodel . I keep the bag full enough that it do not zip close . it be not necessary that it do anyway , as the handle and sholder strap still work fine with the bag open . if I could purchase the same design that be longer and taller I would give it 5 star . it be too short for my pry bar , adjustable wrench and long screwdriver as they be at handle level or above when stuff in the pocket . this prevent the bag from closee and also put my knuckle in conflict with the tool when I carry the bag . I purchase the second bag for my muzzeloading supplies and it work well for this . I will likey add a plano type plastic box to keep the very small part organize and in easy reach as the bag pocket be not well suit for this . the bag be well make and worth the price .
Bag	NEG	1	most of the dust blow out around the saw blade , but there be a little bit leave over that collect in the bag . I would say about 20 % of the dust be actually collect . save you money and use a shop vac or a real dust collector .
Bag	POS	4	Works on the deck great with 36 grit paper . however , the dustless feature seem to have be ommit in the one I receive . borrow a Porter Cable with a more effective collection system and in retrospect think the more expensive Bosch would have be a better investment . otherwise easy machine , good value .
Bag	POS	5	I use mine for 25 ' mic cable -lrb- several will fit -rrb- , 50 ' mic cable -lrb- ditto -rrb- , and extension cord . great solution for store , packing and carry cable for you next audio gig . I have try many solution for store and haul cable over the year -lrb- box , bucket , duffel bag , suitcase etc. -rrb- and this be the best I have find .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this case to carry my Olympus 2020 . the newer Olympus 3030 and 3000 should fit nicely too . I debate buy a smaller bag which would fit the camera only , but the extra room have come in handy . I have a compact pair of binoculars and these fit snugly along with the camera in the main compartment .  in the zip down front I store the manual , the remote , a extra memory card and a cable to connect to a tv . at family event it be great to see the picture on tv right away .  the case be well make , but it be not genuine leather , although it be hard to tell the difference . you can put you belt through the slot on the back , but it be somewhat bulky to carry this way . I prefer to use the shoulder strap . all in all a excellent product .  edit on 11\/10\/02 : Case Logic have change the design of this bag without change the model number . I own the older horizontal version , not the bag picture which have more of a vertical shape . Case Logic should have use a new model number when they update the bag .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this bag for my Sony dsc-s70 . it be a great case for large\/awkward-shaped digtial camera . it hold two memory stick and a extra battery . the inside be line with a soft , felt-like material with do not scratch the lcd display . there be plenty of padding . on the bottom of this bag , there be a hide-away waterproof hood that cover the entire bag .
Bag	POS	5	after go through a couple of $ 50 - $ 60 belt sander I decide to spend the big money and get something where -lrb- hopefully -rrb- all the feature work as they should . this model 9903 3x21 belt sander from Makita do not disappoint I ! the first thing I notice be it be incredible balance and precision , obviously well design and build , have a very `` solid '' feel . the belt speed be nearly double that of the $ 50 model , which make a huge difference in the amount of time it take to sand the deck i be work on . the dust collection be flawless , collect 90 % of the dust without clog , even with 50grit sandpaper . I run this sander 4hr at a time , it do not overheat like the cheaper model do . the sand be very even , no miss spot . the only bad thing I have to say about it be the weight , a benefit when sand horizontal surface but at almost 10lb , sand the vertical post be tough , my shoulder be pretty sore by the time i finish ! I guess that be the price of have a bigger motor that deliver greater belt speed .
Bag	POS	4	good product but slightly tight fit . the bag should be about 2 inch longer . other wise I be quite satisfied . would buy again this product .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be big enough to carry a few digital camera or a camcorder af large size and plenty of padding and storage . love it !!
Bag	POS	5	jumper cable have a tendency of get all tangle up in you trunk . this be a nice bag make out of durable material that keep thing all nice and neat . I have some 6 gauge 12 ' jumper cable that stay in here and there be plenty of space for longer\/bigger cable . this have keep the trunk a lot more tidy look than just have a set of cable in there , so I be happy . recommend
Bag	POS	4	this carry case be perfect for my Kodak dc240 . it be only big enough to carry my camera , extra battery and perhaps 3 or 4 extra flash card . in other word , there be no needless bulk -lrb- the padding seem to make much of the size - but it give necessary protection -rrb- . it be much easier to access the camera and extra than all the other bag I have see -lrb- due to its outer flap and inner zippered flap that both open wide -rrb- . the only reason I do not give it 5 star be because the outer flap do not seal in such a fashion that sand and such could be well keep out -lrb- it be not really a problem on my caribean vacation however -rrb- . the other point and shoot camera bag I have see which could handle sand better due to a zippered enclosure - also be terribly difficult to get my camera in and out of .
Bag	NEU	3	I order this to go with the Garrett Metal Detector I buy my husband . it seem to fit it fine .
Bag	POS	5	this be the best camera bag I have purchase , especially since it have the quality of any other Case Logic product , superb !  i own a old Toshiba pdrm1 digital camera , and in this neat little bag , there be a protected pouch for the camera , two storage area for digital media , and a storage for 4-aa -lrb- or aaa -rrb- battery .  I think this bag be super convenient , since I can carry my extra SmartMedia card and spare 4-aa battery . the size of the bag be small enough to fit in my travel bag , but yet , have a lot of storage space for all the necessity of a digital camera .  i highly recommend for a small digital camera like my Toshiba pdrm1 . dimension of my camera : 4-3\/4 '' long by 3-1\/4 '' high by 1-1\/2 '' deep . this camera be a perfect fit for this particular bag .
Bag	POS	4	good quality bag for digital or film Pentax SLR . sturdy construction , side pocket etc. at good price from Cameta Limited capability for extra lens and extra long lens
Bag	POS	5	I need a bag that would hold my table-top tripod , battery , charger , memory card , book , cord and cable , wide-angle and telephoto lens , filter ... oh and the digital camera too !  the tripod fold down to 9.5 `` x4 '' so the first requirement be to find a bag with a interior length of at least 9.5 '' and width of 4 '' . I stack the camera , battery charger and lens on top of the tripod and find I need a bag at least 5.5 '' high . when I see the spec on this bag , it be perfect , 10 `` l x 4.5 `` w x 6 `` H. so , I must admit that the reason I purchase the bag be the size .  upon receive the bag I be amaze at the quality and craftsmanship for such a low price . the seam and zipper be all double stitch . the shoulder strap and handle be make of extra heavy material . the ultrathick padding be exceptional . again I 'll say , quality and craftsmanship be the best .  after put everything in the bag include the Olympus C-2040 Zoom digital camera I have room to spare .
Bag	POS	5	this be versatile pouch for a small to medium-size digital still or compact video camera - plus -lrb- depend on the size of the camera -rrb- room for extra memory , battery and accessory . a adjustable divider and lot of pocket keep equipment well-organized . -lrb- Perfect for my Panasonic Lumix fz1 , while the rest of the stuff stay home on a day trip . -rrb- all Weather Cover : built-in cover that protect you gear from dust , rain or snow . adjustable Divider : customize the interior for a variety of need . brush Tricot Lining : soft material that will not scratch lcd view screen . Laminated Mesh Pocket : hold memory card or mini-dv tape . removable shoulder strap : adjustable for length . so , will you camera fit this case ? here be the dimension I dig up : d-re 30aw specification inner dimension 6w x 2.5 d x 6h in . -lrb- 15 x 6.5 x 15 cm -rrb- Exterior dimension 7w x 3.5 d x 6.75 h in . -lrb- 18 x 9 x 17 cm -rrb- Weight 7 oz -lrb- 198 g -rrb- Materials all Weather Cover , special brushed-tricot lining that be ultra gentle to lcd screen . outer fabric : water-resistant 420d nylon\/txp TM crossweave and 1200d ballistic txp you can expect this case to be durable on the outside and gentle to you camera on the inside . well worth the money to protect you investment .
Bag	POS	5	5.0 out of 5 star Perfect bag for knitter and other crafter ... , September 18 , 2009 by mahlers2nd `` Mommy of many interest '' - see all my review -lrb- top 500 reviewer -rrb- ok , this bag be obviously intend for macho application -- carry power tool to be throw in the back of `` pick 'em up '' truck but this bag be perfect for the crafter in you life as well . why ? let I count the way : 1 . cost -- this bag will last forever but unlike some of the more decorative bag like ArtisanStreet 's Taupe Animal Landscape Tapestry Carpet bag with detachable shoulder strap . feature pre-historic animal in the Highly detailed fabric design . use as a overnight bag or even as a briefcase , this still have classic look for 1\/5th the price . that will buy a lot of yarn or fabric to add to you stash ! while it may not look as `` refined '' as a tapestry tote , it still have classic look and will last LONG after the tapestry tote have start to give up the ghost ... 2 . size -- if you like work on large project -- full-size quilt , afgahn etc -- this bag give you plenty of room to store you work in progress plus you material to be use . 3 . pocket galore -- perfect for quick and easy access to pattern , needle , thread , measure tape and just about every other notion you could imagine . 4 . Quality -- this bag will never give out . it be design to carry hammer and nail . it will laugh a hearty laugh at you lace knit needle or craft scissors ... 5 . ease of access -- you can get you project in and out quickly so knitting\/crocheting\/sewing a few stitch while wait for the doctor , the plane , or Gudo make great use of you time and allow you to get a quick fiber fix ... these bag have achieve a cult-like follow on many knitter forum -lrb- which be where I learn of they -rrb- . do not let the fact that they be design for construction work scare you off ... this be a much easier and stylish way to carry you works-in-progress around instead of use tattered plastic bag and expensive knit bag and it will protect you investment -lrb- both in term of time and money -rrb- while allow you to stay organize and take you work with you wherever you go . BTW , these also make great airline carry on bag to carry book , a change of clothes , etc as well .
Bag	POS	4	I use this mainly to carry tool and hardware between the house and -lrb- detach -rrb- garage . I can load it with a hammer drill , cordless drill\/driver , etc. . it have various inner and outer pocket and divider to carry hand tool and hardware . it appear well-made and heavy duty , good value .
Bag	POS	5	great bag at a great price . do everything I be look for in a nice quality size . the canvas be high quality . the color be a very pleasant shade of hunter green . the seller be excellent and ship quickly and inform I each step of the way .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag be too big for my Fuji Finepix 3800 . the quality be great and I like it , I would have love it have it be a little smaller though ... defeat the purpose of a digital camera bag if you have to haul a huge bag .  if you want to carry additonal lens and stuff - its a good buy . value for money in any case .
Bag	POS	5	I be a professional finish carpenter and have have eight of these bag for the past eight year or so . I use they to sort in size order all the nail and screw that I commonly use . they be great for tote around job site , sit stably wherever they be set , and be durable . they have be a great organizational aid for my work and have eliminate the need for carry box , can or jar . I highly recommend they to anyone who have a similar line of work .
Bag	NEG	1	in my hasty Christmas shopping I do not read the description well enough and assume that this bag have cable and tool include similar to other item on amazon for a similar price . the photo be completely misleading . just be aware and Amazon . please make it more clear that this be just the bag and do not include tool .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag after month of search for something that would hold both my camcorder -lrb- Panasonic PV-GS80 -rrb- and camera -lrb- Nikon p5100 -rrb- . I buy it specifically for travel , and need something that could handle all the man-handling by airport security as well as be bang around while hike , and this bag far surpass my expectation . the bag be pad throughout -lrb- top , bottom , side -rrb- and feel sturdy while provide protection for the electronics . the bag be , supposedly , insulate and waterproof -lrb- necessary in extreme condition -rrb- and I have no doubt that it be at least waterproof as the inside material be similar to jacket material -lrb- so water soak from outside do not make it all the way through , I be guess -rrb- . construction feel solid and the sewing feel sturdy . I be able to fit my camcorder , camera , and charge basis -lrb- but not power cord -rrb- along with a few minidv and other small assorted item into the bag -lrb- please see picture I include in the picture section -rrb- , and be more than please I can keep they together , especially when have to go through airport security . I do have to agree with the awkwardness of try to open the bag when it be wear on the shoulder , and though it may be a safety feature , it be almost impossible to try to open the bag with one hand and try to capture those lightning-fast moment -- by the time you have manage to wrangle the camera out of the bag , the moment be go , otherwise I be very pleased with my purchase .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great camcorder bag . it have three main section . the first be the main compartment you house you camcorder in -lrb- this main section be divide into two section by a adjustable barrier so that almost any size camcorder can fit in the bag without move around . -rrb- the camcorder fit into the main compartment with enough room to put in my camera and voice recorder . this main section and the pouch attach to this main section be hide under the flap which be close by just a click . the pouch hold all of my tape and film that I need , with room to spare . and the bottom section of the bag hold my battery , charger , all of my wire with enough room to put in a lot more . this bottom section be detachable so all you have to carry around be what you need for recording . to top all of that off this bag be water proof and have shock absorb foam which make you feel very safe that you camera and camcorder will not be damage if you get stick walk in rain or happen to bump the bag . the bag come with a warranty , which of course cover nothing but the bag .
Bag	NEU	3	build quality of this bag be excellent and it be fairly light-weight . however , the design seem inherently flaw . if you load up the tool pocket line the inside of the bag , the weight of these tool tend to pull the bag close , make it difficult to reach for a tool one-handed , and about impossible to efficiently place tool back into the pouch , so I never end up bother and pretty much use this as a cluttered tool sack . I just replace it with a more rigid nylon tool bag .
Bag	POS	5	I be impress with this screw bag . I have be look for one for a long time before I look online . I be afraid the material would be too thin , but it be actually quite strong . I like it .
Bag	POS	5	I just want to write about this bag , even though I do not pay for it , get it as a gift for my birthday . fantastic . I use it for my digital and my regular camera . it have a great separator in the middle -lrb- not one of those cheap velcro deal -rrb- , and enough pocket to keep filter , film , media card and everything else secure and organize .
Bag	POS	5	have my battery cable in a larger cardboard box . I get this to dispense with the box and increase my cargo space for other necessity of life . this reduce the footprint by 2 fold . initially I wasnt sure if they would fit into this bag and be wish I have get the larger one -lrb- i have bulky 20 foot cable -rrb- . after a couple of re-roll I be able to get they in quite nicely . very satisfy with this item .
Bag	POS	4	can not complain ... could use a divider or something on the inside ... most item just get jumble up ... have say that , the large space do accomodate larger item like 18v cordless drill , hammer , etc. . .
Bag	POS	5	hold the camera , four spare battery and Smart Media card -lrb- s -rrb- . do not look goofy or bulky .
Bag	POS	5	this be a very well build power tool similar to other swiss make Bosch tool . it have a beefy metal base that make for a stable base and it dissipate heat well , so the handle stay cool . what make this sander special be how that can easily be attach to a bench as it have a flat side and top . while Bosch sell  Bosch 1608030024 Sanding stand for 1274DVS Belt Sander  I mount mine with these clamp  festool 488030 clamp element 2-pack  the dust bag be surprisingly effective , but I find the dust port will work with a festool 27mm hose -lrb- it be a tight fit -rrb- and so it be a good choice for Festool vacuum owner . the variable control be on the trigger switch instead of a separate dial , but it do allow you to adjust speed if the trigger switch have be lock . my only complaint be how loud the sander be and in practice you do need to have hearing protection if you use it for extend period . since belt sander be loud tool in general and I can not compare this to other belt sander , I do not ding this tool for noise since it work so well in general .
Bag	POS	5	as I order the camera on line , I want a case to fit snugly , but could not try they on for fit . the choice of camera be directly related to the size , so I do not want a big bulky case . the Lowe website tell you exactly which bag to buy for a particular model of camera , which be great , otherwise I probably would have order the wrong one . but just like they say , the camera fit snugly inside , there be a bit of room for a couple extra . for travel , hike , cycling , and whatever else I can get myself into , this be a great little case that protect well .
Bag	POS	4	this be a simple bag that be about 12 '' by 30 '' inch or so with a wire clip that go around the dust port . it work pretty well in that everything expel from the dust port go into the bag , which be empty by just shake the sawdust out through the same opening .  all together it catch about 80 percent of the sawdust - about what one would expect . the cloth be a thin synthetic and there be no zipper or velcro to make it easier to empty .
Bag	POS	5	this be a very solid and sturdy sander . I use it to sand a butcher block counter that I have cut in half -lrb- thickness -rrb- from a huge butcher block . start with 24grit and end with 150grit , it really do a number . very powerful ... you have to really hold on . I even rig the dust catcher to my shop vac . . very nice .
Bag	NEG	2	purchase the Garrett Metal Detector bag a few day ago . very disappoint with the bag . my Garrett ace 250 metal detector be 44 '' long on the shortest lenght . the bag be only 42 '' long . the metal detector be too long for the bag . guess it would fit if I be to take it apart but ... that seem silly & useless . would not have purchase the bag if I would have know it would not fit unless I take the metal detector apart . what a rip off ! Update ... I would like to say that the company stand behind it be product . they email a response on my review and be very concerned that I be disappoint with the bag . the company make thing right and in this day and time that very seldom happen . most of the time it be all about sell the product . but not this company . it be important to they that the customer be satisfy . I must say , I be satisfied now .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be top-notch in it be construction and feature ... truly functional with space for everything I carry during the day . my only dislike be that the padded section -lrb- for a laptop computer -rrb- be only pad on 3 side , leave one entire side of the computer unprotect . a relatively small problem in a otherwise great bag .
Bag	POS	5	the Samsonite worldproof 3.02 bag be a excellent camera bag . I have a major problem with it that require I to return and `` upsize '' . another reviewer say he Nikon d70 fit fine on it be side and that cinch it for I . well , when I slide my d70 kit -lrb- 18-70 lens -rrb- in on it be side , it be just too tight to suit my need . in my experience , force thing be not wise so I 'll happily return this and hope this review help another in they decision .
Bag	POS	5	I like to organize tool by job or function -lrb- electrical , plumbing , etc -rrb- . it make it so much faster to grab tool to go fix something . this bag hold lot of stuff , with pouch on the inside and outside . there be a optional shoulder strap , and even a way of secure a level -lrb- which be usually a pain -rrb- . I like bag much more than metal tool box , as they do not slide around the truck as much . they also do not rust or dent -lrb- then you get to fight with the lid -rrb- . the material bb use to make these be pretty tough . I have a few of they thing that be at least 10 year old , and they be still in good shape . a professional tradesman would wear they out faster , but they should still last for year . this bag do what it should , and it could obviously hold thing that be not tool . I be think of get one for luggage .
Bag	POS	4	this be a bag which really force you to pack light . even after read the dimension , I be surprise to find out that it will not accomodate a few sheet of letter size paper unfold . in the long run , however , it have rid I of the habit of keep lot of junk in my bag . I end up actually file thing , instead of carry they around for week ... the construction seem good to I , and I have no complaint with the velcro , and no need for stitch or pin . I carry a pda in a case , sunglass , some other gadget , and it work well . ca not really go wrong for the price too .
Bag	POS	5	I do have to say , I do not expect to get something this huge . it be so roomy there be room for a lap top . I plan to use it as a carry-on bag for travel , so I can put all my book and extra thing on the plane with I . it be perfect for travel with all it be pocket and zipper . it even have a key chain inside .  I can see how a bag like this can be so versatile : diaper bag ; school book bag ; lap top bag for work . it be great ! and the price be reasonable . I think it be a bargain !
Bag	POS	4	I buy the 1274dv with the idea of sand some oak floor for refinish . so while I have drop that approach as too time consume I do push the daylight out of the sander . it have work extremely well in term of its primary purpose - that of remove stock . however , there be several design issue that could be improve upon . 1 the dust bag be both in the way and ineffective . it also require a screwdriver to remove -lrb- unless you want it fall off all the time -rrb- . so if you get one find a flexible hose that will attach to the dust outlet and a shop vac . that be not as easy as it sound . 2 the power cord - which be stiffen to protect it - exit directly to the rear thus reduce how far one could move the sander back in close quarter . not a issue if you be sand something on sawhorse . 3 the front handle should flip up -lrb- like its larger sibling -rrb- . its comfortable enough to use but I finally just take it off . the sanding have be push for long period and I have have no belt issue - with tracking etc. . I do toss all my older belt as they seem to want to come apart due to the heat generate . handle the sander be easy with a good grip and even with the front handle off . there be a lot of noise and dust so wear protection - mask or respirator , hear protection and leather glove . Hope this help !
Bag	NEG	1	the bag simply collect some of the saw dust . at best 50 % . it be much better to use a shop vac 's tubing insert directly into the output of the saw . I put together a common switch so they both go on at the same time . my rear bagger be already in the dust bin in my shop -lrb- use it 6 time in 3 week -rrb-
Bag	NEG	2	I buy this bag to use for my school tool . I have to carry it long distance . the shoulder strap be place completely wrong . it attach right under the handle , not on the side of the bag . this create too much downward pull on the center of bag and a uneven distribution of weight over the strap . because the bag be triangular when it be close , and the strap be attach at the very top , it also make it cumbersome to carry -- because the wide base of the bag be press against you body , but the strap be not anchor there also . also , the padded element on the strap be not movable or removable . I find -lrb- as a lady -rrb- , the padding be annoying and too big for my shoulder . I be very dissapointed , as otherwise , it be a great bag . since I be a student in accessory design , I be go to add my own d-rings\/strap tether on the side of the bag , and hope that they hold . I be editing to add : I order this bag in late January and it arrive in 3 day with Amazon prime -lrb- should have be 2 day , but I do not experience the long wait other be have -rrb- .
Bag	NEU	3	Ideal for place where you can not hook up a shop vac , though it really do not help all that much with the mess the saw make . my 4000-09 saw blow sawdust everywhere , it seem about 50 % actually get to the exhaust port , regardless of what type of material I be cut . the bag catch some of it , but not a lot . the biggest drawback to the bag be its length . it might seem great for hold lot of dust before need to be empty , but it be so long it get catch in the wheel of the Bosch gravity rise stand . it can be leave on if it be rotate 180 degree at the dust port , but if you forget to flip it back over it will not catch any dust at all .
Bag	POS	5	this be a very study small DSLR camera bag . I use mine to carry my Canon rebel xsus with kit lens and 55-250 or 50 1.8 , but not all three . I can however , barely fit a small extra lens and flash -lrb- 430 exius -rrb- but the bag become hard to close , and I would not recommend it . never really have to use it , but I like the idea of have the all weather cover in case I be catch in a down poor .
Bag	POS	5	Works great for we big dog mess ! nice thick bag , double layer on bottom where you pick it up , I keep order these !
Bag	NEG	2	much smaller than expect . this will only hold the shortest and thinnest of cable . bag be well make but anything longer than 12-15 of thin cable will not fit inside . 4ga cable of anything longer than 10-12 ' be not go to work with this bag . disappoint with this one . not worth the return so i will find something else to use it with .
Bag	POS	5	I have a Nikon d70 slr . normally I have a 28 to 200 lens on the camera . I want a bag that would protect the camera and let I carry a few extra item such as memory card , spare battery and a my eye glass . this bag be perfect . my camera have to be on its side to fit but that be not a problem . if you have to carry all of you lens with you everywhere you go then this bag be not for you but if you want simple light weight protection for you camera while out have fun , then this be the bag for you .
Bag	NEU	3	I really purchase this Bucket Boss GateMouth Jr. for a friend who actually carry he tool around in a canvas shopping bag . yes , he do . but I see this GateMouth Jr almost every day so I feel confident to comment on it . First of all , it have allow say friend to organize he tool and actually know where he tool be when he need they . this because of the various pouch . the bag seem well make and stand up to normal abuse on a small job . I think the larger GateMouth would have be a better choice because more than one cordless tool can crowd thing too much in this Jr version . also , we both agree that a open mouth bag , or tote , would have be more convenient because of it be capacity . this GateMouth Jr have strong seam , help you organize you tool as long as you be not carry anything too large and it do not seem that any sharp object be go to poke through it - time will tell on that . it be a little small , but if that be all you require then this be a nice little item for transport you tool . ___________________ it be a couple of month since the above post . I just want to mention that the bag itself be hold up well in it be construction , but it be develop a sag in the bottom . this be probably because a 18 volt cordless drill be often carry in the bag . my friend cut a piece of 1\/8 '' stock to fit on the bottom of the bag and this help . he round the corner of the insert and this should prevent any rip . Time will tell . still valid comment above , but we both wish the bag have come with a rigid bottom . the description do not mention this , so I guess we should have know . the sag present the problem you would imagine . the insert help . just to pass this bit of information along . I be use a workforce tote which I much prefer .
Bag	POS	5	I have 2 of these now . I store my battery powertool in they . sturdy enough to be rough with .
Bag	POS	4	this be a very well make bag , the quality if excellent . unfortunately it be also rather oddly size . the pocket inside be nice , but they be big enough that if the bag fall over everything will fall out of they . the bag be also quite a bit bigger -lrb- taller -rrb- than I expect . it be not very useful for small item , but if you need a bag to carry a drill and circular saw this will do the trick . I would recomend the `` McGuire Nicholas 22217 16 '' Width Universal Tool Tote '' , which I also own , for carry small tool around .
Bag	POS	5	the bag be everything I think it would be . it be excellent for what I need . it have plenty of room for all of my equitment and it be easy to carry . there be plenty of compartment for lens , flash attachment , battery and anything else I might need . besides that a friend of mine have one just like it and he like it very much . thank you for a great product !
Bag	POS	4	except for the dust collection bag , this be a great belt sander . it be light and managable yet still have more than enough power . the ergonomics be good -lrb- the hand grip area could be a bit bigger -- those of you with bear paw for hand , beware -rrb- . the dust collection bag be not so good though . the bag collect just as much dust as my Porter Cable . but empty the bag be a real hassle . there be no zipper . instead there be a cheap plastic clip . Mine crack after just a few change . -lrb- update : this bag suck . I retrofit a Porter Cable bag . -rrb- also , a sand frame be available for this machine . UPDATE : I first write review in 2004 . my machine be still go strong . I have replace the graphite platen several time . this be a wear item . available from Bosch for about $ 3 each . I have also replace the pulley belt because the belt stretch and be so loose it jump tooth on the pulley . about $ 6 from Bosch . five star for durability !
Bag	NEG	2	Ok , I admit I should have pay a little closer attention , but beware . there be no jumper cable with this . this be merely a overprice bag . I suppose if you really like to keep you jumper cable in a heavy duty bag , maybe this be for you , but if that be the case , you may be use you jumper cable too much . let 's be honest , you hope be to never use these thing and if you do , you dont need they store in some expensive bag collect dust .  oh by the way , this item CAN NOT be returned . so pay attention here and hopefully you be smarter than I be .
Bag	POS	5	the size of the bag be perfect to stash the common tool that a condo\/apartment\/dorm dweller would need -lrb- like a hammer , lock tape measure , utility knife , flashlight , multiheaded screwdriver , etc. -rrb- as well as the plastic organizer box for all those nail , screw , and bolt . this bag would also be useful for carry around computer stuff like cable , router , external hd 's , joystick , little speaker , etc. . my expectation be more than exceed when I get this bag . it be have a nice sturdy feel and load of interior pocket to help organize you stuff . the top of the bag be zippered and the bag 's wide mouth have a nice interior prop mechanism sewn in that allow the bag to stay fully open effortlessly -lrb- like a open box -rrb- . the shoulder strap be also handy if you expect to lug this thing around pack with heavy item .
Bag	NEU	3	I search the world over for a nice , inexpensive bag to bring to Japan , to be use as a carry-on for the plane , a purse , and a overnight bag , all in one trip . I have a couple of problem . First of all , the padding intend to keep a laptop out of harm way take up quite a bit of unnecessary space , when a laptop be not be use . secondly , as a purse , while easy to get into and out of -lrb- and water resistant , I might add ! -rrb- the strap be uncomfortable after be carry for more than a hour -- especially if there be anything of significant weight in the bag . but , on the whole , I be glad I buy the bag , and would do it again -- I would just put some padding on the strap before I leave ! -lrb- fit nicely in the overhead compartment of plane , train , bus , etc. -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	one great sander . this sander be quiet , it start soft , the belt stay centered , it have comfortable handle , the cord be very long -lrb- what a concept , put on a long cord so you do not have to use a extension most of the time . -rrb- , it only draw 11 amp so I can run it with my shop vac with out trip the breaker . they spend time at the draw board no this one . a tool that a joy to use , at a good price .
Bag	POS	5	when you look at this bag you think , why should I spend $ 60 on a tool bag when I can spend $ 35 on someone els ? it just do not make sense . well here 's why you should buy this one . look at the picture for the other bag . you will see bag that be similar and be full of tool . the difference be that these bag have they zipper in the middle of the top of the bag . so a full bag mean it do not close . the Dewalt bag have the zipper around the top of the bag , so it be actually a lid . this be a nylon box ! it be amazing how much you can cram into this bag . the question be how strong be you ? I have 2 , so now I walk around look like a neanderthal . this bag be strong and sturdy . no sag in the middle . you 'll never wear it out . I stuff nailer , saw , grinder in this bag . nothing will destroy it . you could even take it to a airline and they could not destroy it . I have get 2 and I be go to buy my third . I like to be able to seal my tool into a bag so no one can see they . there be too many wander eye that want to steal my tool . in the long run this bag be worth it .
Bag	NEG	2	it so happen that I purchase several accessory to the Bosch Table see  Bosch 4100-09 10-Inch Worksite Table see with Gravity-Rise stand  the reason for do so -- yes , I admit it be rather warped logic , if even logic at all -- be that once I have all those accessory , I just would feel force to buy the new saw . you can see the duality , right ? part of I want that saw bad , and part of I do not want to spend the money . anyway , once I purchase the saw -lrb- see my review elsewhere on Amazon.com -rrb- , I install the dust collector bag and start use it . before too long it develop a tear that grow increasingly larger . because this saw be advertise as be a contractor 's tool , then it should be of a quality to support that . not just the saw , but its accessory should be , too . a heavier gauge fabric or a different material altogether for this bag would have be appropriate . sorry Bosch , I be not impressed .
Bag	POS	5	purchase as we need to get more prepared for on the road problem like dead battery . tough fabric , nice look , the little pocket on the front be nice for papers etc. . cable fit nicely inside .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be so great , I already love it . it be great for carry stuff between work and home , perfect for travel , too . it be strong and sturdy enough to withstand the rigor of everyday use , but it look hip and go with everything . how do I ever manage without my Amazon messenger bag ?
Bag	POS	5	a light but very robust camera bag , very protective . inside you have the chance to layout the space with adjustable division . a bag with many bag . in the side , in the front and inside for accesory storage .
Bag	POS	5	Belt sander may be one of those power tool that be not pull out often , but when you need to remove large quantity of stock , you will want to have one . the 9403 , 4x24 sander be powerful , have good balance , good belt tracking and easy belt change . this Makita also pick up a very decent amount of sand dust , have comfortable handle , a nice soft-start , and , most importantly , chew through stock with ease . this belt sander be possibly the best 4x24 on the market . I be very , very pleased with it . it be a genuine pleasure to operate this Makita , compare to my old craftsman 3x21 which I have receive as a gift year ago . I spend as much time adjust the belt tracking on the Craftsman as I do sand , but since I use it infrequently , I just put up with the excessive noise and generally less than stellar performance . after use the 9403 for 2 + year , I shake my head everytime I use it , wonder why I wait so long to replace my old one . I find myself pull this sander out and use it more often . long cord be always a big plus for I , often eliminate the need for extension cord in the shop . I just can not find anything negative to say about this machine yet . note : be advertise as ` quiet ' at 84db be pretty relative since -rrb- 90db for sustained period will deafen ... hearing loss be cummulative over time around high db power tool -lrb- router , table and miter saw , plate joiner , etc. -rrb- even if rate under the 90db threshold ... wear ear protection -lrb- check out Peltor H10A Professional Earmuff Hearing Protectors -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	not much to say about this sander because everything go correctly out of the box . the tracking adjustment go like the instruction manual say it should and it be easy to control and use in general . I have use it for about 20 minute non-stop and it do not overheat . a really nice feature that I have not try yet be that the body be rectangular and you can clamp it in a vise upside down to use as a stationary sander for trim small part . all tell I have use it for a number of project and be pleased . Bosch be not the cheapest tool out there but I have get several Bosch tool and they be worth the price . a plus -lrb- more important than it may seem at first glance -rrb- be that it come with a much longer cord than most other tool I have buy , so a extension be not necessary for most job .
Bag	POS	5	I have have this for several year now . I like everything about it . especially the ability to clamp it in the vise and use it hand free as a bench sander . the belt be always center and change out easily ; something that be a problem with my earlier sander -lrb- i do not remember the brand -rrb- . I use this on wood only , so i can not speak for other material .
Bag	NEU	3	although very light and handy , this cheap solution be really only good for small project . unless you do not mind empty the bag constantly . another way around this though , be to open the bottom of the bag and put it over a five gallon bucket , which you can then swap out as you go .
Bag	POS	5	I have have this saw for a while and use my shop vac hook to the dust port which work great . I do at time have the vac in another location and the dust collector bag be a great option . I like the way be be tubular and the dust collect at the bottom and be easy to remove and dump . Dave
Bag	POS	4	I finally get tire of housing my Bostitch n88rh in the cardboard box it come in because of how much space it take up in my cabinet , and I be kind of disappointed that Bostitch do not make a hard plastic carry case for it like what come with my trim and brad nailer . after read all the review for all the frame nailer bag I could find , I finally go with Bucket Boss because I have a couple other product from they and the review say it would fit my Bostitch frame nailer while some review for other bag say they either would not or barely do . I can confirm that the Bostitch n88rh frame nailer fit in this bag no problem . once or twice it seem like the zipper be tight get over the top of the bag with the nailer inside , but that turn out to just be how the gun be place inside the bag because the rest of the time there be room to spare . the pouch on the outside of the bag be not quite large enough to contain the shoulder strap and still zip close , and there be a narrow pocket on the inside of the bag that hold the metal connector trip that come with my gun . I like to keep my manual with my tool so I would have like to also have a pocket on the inside wide enough to fit the manual , but this bag do not have one .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy it for my canon g5 , it be good , simple , but much expensive compare with other similiar product -lrb- e.g. samsonite -rrb- . the AW cover be not very useful .
Bag	POS	5	this product be great for organize and protect my beading material . most of my tool have they own pocket so that they be easy to find and they do not damage each other . the wiring , silk and other material easily fit inside the bag so that all be in one place , easy to find and safe .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this product to carry my 4 socket set & they magnetic holder plus other stuff . good quality build comfortable to carry with shoulder strap . Works great ! I think this bag might outlive my career .
Bag	POS	4	I be a field service turbine mechanic . when I get to a job site and my box be unloaded and the game plan be hash out , the first thing I do be figure out what tool I be go to need . not just for one or two job . I hate go back and forth from a tool box . I plan it out , and put everything I need -lrb- within reason -rrb- into a tool bag . well , I be please with this bag ... plenty of room , plenty of pocket . nice and sturdy , good balanced feel . now for the con . you can not lock the zipper . I do not want to lock it to keep people from steal ... it be to keep they from borrow without ask . but no problem I can put some grommet on BUT not everyone can . also a couple of nice zippered pouch would be very handy for small bit n piece . would I recommend ? yes . great price , good quality .
Bag	POS	5	so you live in the north -- maybe even the Great White North , eh ? well , then you know that jumper cable be a absolute necessity for winter . maybe you have cable and they always get in a tangle ; or , perhaps you do not want to get cable because they will just make clutter . well , then this bag be for you .  the bag be rugged , compact -lrb- the size of a good size cheesecake -rrb- , and nice -- classy even . best of all , it work ! cable stay in a nice coil , you trunk be less messy , and the cable be easy to grab when you need they . it even have a small pocket on the side for smal item .  my only wish be that it come in black !
Bag	POS	5	these bag be a very nice weight and also very large which reduce the ` gross out ' factor of pick up after the dog .
Bag	POS	4	I go to a department store to find a camera bag , unfortunately they do not stock Targus . but I do come across the Case Logic dc50 case . I like it .  layout and size : it have a great accessory pouch -lrb- with mesh pocket , not sure how durable they be -rrb- . a zip pocket big enough for 2 canon battery and memory card , + another pocket for memory , and room for aa battery -lrb- if applicable -rrb- . there be padding everywhere as far as I could feel , although it be quite thin -lrb- all case I see have as thinner or thinner padding -rrb- . the inner -lrb- camera -rrb- pocket be approximately 15cm -lrb- 6in ? -rrb- high , 8cm -lrb- a bit more than 3in -rrb- wide and 4.5 cm -lrb- less than 2 in -rrb- deep -lrb- these be rough measurement with a ruler -rrb- .  for Canon S30 : \* it be a little large for the Canon s30 as you can tell from my rough measurement . however , with the all weather case it might be about right -lrb- do not know yet -rrb- . \* to give you a rough idea ... if the camera be still in bubble wrap then it be almost the right size -lrb- except for height -rrb- .  if you find a better case for the s30 , then let I know : - -rrb- otherwise I will happily use the dc50 case : - -rrb-  if the height be too big you could always put some extra padding down the bottom of the bag . for example just cut some bubble wrap to size and put it at the bottom of the comparment .
Bag	POS	5	we have several of the Bucket Boss bag and they be all very handy ! if you want to store a tow strap and\/or jumper cable , flashlight , glove , small tool , reflectors\/flares , etc. then the Cable and Tool bag be perfect . it have room for more stuff than the Bucket Boss Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag . we have that one too and it be more basic , but still really nice for jumper cable and glove . any of the Bucket Boss bag we have get have be very sturdy and have hold up well despite slide around in we vehicle , be toss in the garage , and stuff under car seat .
Bag	NEG	2	I hope this would do as state in the other review , but I be disappoint with several thing : it do not catch fine dust -lrb- mdf -rrb- at all because the dust just blow into the air from the air movement create by the saw blade ; if any of you wood be green , the moisture cause it to collect in the bag entrance and just stop all sawdust from get into the bag ; if you remove you blade guard to do dado and rabbet cut , the air flow that usually flow down from the saw blade be minimize already and attach this bag cause most of the airflow to go up around the blade along with most of the dust . if you use dry hardwood and little or no mdf or green wood , this will help to catch maybe 60 % - 70 % a of the sawdust , but I find myself do a lot of cut that require I to remove the blade guard which make this product almost useless - maybe 20 % of the dust be collect while the rest be throw into the air . I really think that the biggest problem be with the design of the lower blade cover in the saw design because it be not smooth and only the driest and heaviest sawdust get blow into this bag . Mark I down as disappointed and back to use my shop vac .
Bag	NEU	3	Greg sorry to disagree but this case be too big -lrb- in height not in width -rrb- for a Canon Powershot a20 . I like the batterie holder though .  one other thing I hate about this case , be the belt thing ... you have to remove you belt to put this case or to remove it ... too bad ...
Bag	POS	4	before puchase this tool bag , I take the time to read the review on this site . after receive and use it , I couldnt ' be more satisfied . it be everything I expect it to be . it have plenty of room and pocket to organize my tool and its nice not to have to dig down in the bottom of the bag to find the one you need . have not have it long enough to see how it will hold up , but it look to be very well construct . I plan on get another .
Bag	POS	5	bag be very rugged , hold all the stuff I need it for . the only thing I wish it have be a way to put a small lock on it , not really to secure the tool , because you can just walk away with the bag but to keep people from borrow anything behind my back .
Bag	NEG	2	this tool bag be high quality and durable , but I like my tool to stand up in pocket . you tool in this bag must lay flat in most all case . small tool and a small quantity may be put into pocket but in the most part you just have to through they in the bottom of the bag and dig .
Bag	POS	5	this be one fine tool for the job of sand we boat ! I do not think I would have find a better deal anywhere else for as good quality and $ as I do here at Amazon , not to mention the fantastik 2-day delivery ! thanks again , Amazon !
Bag	POS	5	I use this camera for a alaskan trip , for the first time . I be very pleased with the result and ease of use . I do find the multiple flash setting a little difficult to master . however , overall the camera produce remarkable , clear photo . a lens cover would be very helpful , as a accessory .
Bag	POS	5	I have burn my way through several beltsander , and actually this be the second Makita belt sander I have own . this sander be a workhorse ... you can use it all day , and it be still ready for more ! it be one of the quietest sander I have own -lrb- although none of they can truely be call `` qiuet '' -rrb- . but , my favorite feature of this sander be its ability to lay flat when it be turn upside down -lrb- this way it can be use as a temporary stationary sander -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this as a gift and the receiver be extremely pleased . I have look at the tool store for a tote to help he with a professional look for home inspection work , and this hold he flashlight , tape measure , outlet checker , etc. , very tidily . the other one I see be too heavy and poorly make . this tote be light yet very sturdy and have great workmanship . since he never discard anything , however ratty , it be good to get quality and such a good price .
Bag	POS	5	all I have to say be this bag be big ... really big . think big then think bigger . I actually have not even load my gear into it because it be just that big . I put in a Canon flash , 50d , 24-135 , 50mm , xsus , 18-55mm and seriously be not even enough to fill up half of this bag ... let alone the many pocket .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this cord bag with the jumper cable and it be a very good buy . there be enough space for a big flash light , glove , rag and some small tool . the material be very good and yet not heavy or bulky . highly recommend this bag instead of put stuff in plastic bag . the small pocket be very good for map .
Bag	POS	5	after use this dust bag for month now , I be pleasantly surprise at how much dust the bag actually collect . in fact , it work better than I think it would . the capacity be quite good and you can use the saw quite a bit before have to empty the bag . do the bag collect as much as a shop vac attach to the saw or a dust collection system ? of course not , and it would be unreasonable to expect that it would . I be puzzle at some review that knock the product for not compare favorably to a true dust collection system . I use the bag on a Bosch 4100-09 unit and use both the stock and zero clearance insert . contrary to some reviewer , I have not find the bag to significantly restrict output airflow . at home I use a dust collection system , but on the road this bag work well and save cleanup time at the end of the job . I think if you keep you expectation reasonable , you will be satisfy with this dust bag .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be PERFECT for store my 18 ' long jumper cable . Big enough to hold heavy duty cable but small enough to store under or behind my car seat .
Bag	POS	5	I own a Olympus d460 and it could not fit anymore perfectly . any of the Olympus camera of this line will fit just as perfect . there be a super slim zipper pocket on the back that hold my extra flash card . Case Logic be a great brand too , you will not be disappoint in this purchase .
Bag	POS	5	I recently buy this bag off you website and when I receive it I see it be better than advertise . the product have be improve in many way since the description be write . the long boy now have 10 interior pocket , 6 outside pocket instead of just three . -lrb- three down one side be still the big one unique to the long boy -rrb- the strap on the outside to hold a 2ft level be now adjustable -lrb- hold up better -rrb- as oppose to elastic . I highly recommend this bag .
Bag	POS	5	this be a very nice bag , big enough to carry a traditional film slr with a extra lens , or to carry two digital camera . that be why I buy it : to carry a large , extended zoom digital camera plus a smaller ultracompact as well . it be big enough to carry the two camera , they charger , battery and memory card ... yet it be a pretty compact package : it be not sprawl and floppy like some bigger bag .  all in all , nice amount of carry space without be too bulky , and a good deal as well
Bag	POS	5	what be there to say . it be a bag . it be round . it have a zipper . it hold my jumper cable perfectly . this be one of those product that do what it suppose to . it be a great solution to the problem of have jumper cable lie tangle on the floor .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy this bag the day i buy my Panasonic camcorder . the camcorder fit nicely inside without a lot of room for it to jiggle around , which be good . there be enough pocket to hold practically all of the accessory I have as well .  in the main compartment , where you will store you camcorder , there be a little zippered pouch under the top flap that can be use to store extra battery or a light . on the inside of the main compartment you will find two padded divider with velcro . one have a deep U shape which easily accomodate the viewfinder 's eyepiece . the other be a square shape . you use these to pad both end of you camcorder . if you camcorder be small enough , you will get extra storage space between the divider and the inside of the end pocket . I store my camcorder 's remote in one of these area .  there be five zippered pocket on the outside of this bag . a flat on on the back with one gussetted end , one on either end of the bag and a large one in front with a small zippered pocket . the end pocket be large enough to hold the ac adapter\/battery charger for my camcorder , the A\/V cable and the cord and cable for the charger . the pocket I like the most be the front one . when you open it , you will see a small mesh zipper pocket and four elastic holder . you can store extra tape , a pen\/pencil , a small notebook , etc. in there . when I know I be go out with the camcoder , I do not need to take a purse with I . this bag have enough space to hold my camcorder , the accessory , extra tape and battery and my wallet and key .  my only complaint and the reason for score only three star be the zipper . the top zipper have a tendancy to split and catch on the inside fabric which can be a pain .
Bag	POS	5	this saw be the best I have ever have ! as a wood worker of some 50 year , I wish I have have it long ago . the cut result in such a smooth edge or side , like it be already run over the jointer . and the blade be so sharp , with a rather thin kerf . also , the saw be not at all heavy , and can be move easily .
Bag	POS	4	I be look for a case for my Dewalt nailer . Dewalt do not offer one . Came across this bag and it be a perfect fit .
Bag	POS	4	large , tough . only negative be that zipper closing be a bit awkward , and clasp closure be not adequate . two clasp would be better .
Bag	POS	5	this bag look great and now that i have use it for several day , I love it . I have be look for a ` general use ' bag forever . I need a bag that could act as a carry all and as a book bag , and laptop bag . its great . someone comment i think , on the weight distribution . it all depend on hwo you load the bag . I be carry at least 25 lb . in book today all day and it be fine . also all the neat little pocket be wonderfull . room for everything you need . only one little complaint , my Sprint PCS gen 1 phone be a little too tall for the cell pouch , but otherwise , great !
Bag	POS	5	I buy the Bosch belt sander because , at the time , it have the best warranty . I plan to sand all the peel paint off my 1 1\/2 story clapboard house and repaint it . I think that I would go through at least two of these sander . I buy the belt by the case and spend several week sand the house . I would run this thing until it overheate and stop . I would let it cool down and go at it again . to my surprise , I complete the job and the original Bosch sander be still work good as new . I later find out that this sander be good for more delicate work . I have more control and it seem to lay flatter . it eventually die -lrb- smoke pour out of the motor -rrb- and I replace it with a Makita sander , a very robust and dependable unit . over all , I would prefer the Bosch for finer finish work and ease of use .
Bag	NEG	1	I buy and return this bag . it be huge . I could have fit three digital camera in there . the reason I buy the digital camera -lrb- olympus 3020 -rrb- be that it be small and compact . this bag be almost as big as my camera bag for my slr . my bag be also miss the divider so the camera would just flop around in the bag .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great belt sander , just be careful it be very aggressive , you need to use a very light touch . the dust collection , as in most woodworking product , be just ok
Bag	POS	5	one year of very hard use and it be just as good as new ... just have a whole lot of character mark now . I be back to buy another , really like the soft bag for my tool . if it can take a year of my daily abuse , it be a great bag . .
Bag	NEG	1	ok , I find out that this do not fit my detector -lrb- ace 250 -rrb- , which I would have know if I have read the other review . that would not have matter if ... the thing be well make . I assume that since it be make by Garrett that it would be well make , but the zipper stick on first go and then break 5 minute after get it out of the package . that say , I be return it and will not bother replace it . this be one accessory that you could probably save money by not get in the first place . I be surprised Garrett would let they name be on this thing it be such poor quality . point to Garrett for at least be responsive about the quality issue of this bag , but they should definitely redesign it so it fit they detector and do not break . after all , it do have the Garrett name on it !
Bag	NEG	2	very Disappointed . too bulky , and way too spacious for my small digital camera i also buy through Amazon . if I save the receipt , I would return it in a second !
Bag	POS	5	I order this bag to use with the Canon PowerShot a10 and be thrill with it ! it hold the camera , extra compact flash card and battery . the inside be plush and will not scratch the camera and it have a rain hood for bad weather . this bag fit the a10 like a glove !!
Bag	NEG	1	well , I suppose it be my fault , but I just think a jumper cable bag would come with jumper cable in it . so read the fine print carefully -- it be just a bag !
Bag	NEU	3	the bag itself be okay . I do not like the material though . it be actually entirely black vinyl -lrb- like a kid backpack -rrb- and it do not have the contrasting color like it show in the picture . it hold camera well though . I have a rather large point and shoot and it fit quite nicely . I would have be happier if it look like the one in the picture though .
Bag	POS	5	this bag save I a lot of time on my clean up when I be do work in my shop . and the saw dust come in handy for spill that occur in other area of the house .
Bag	POS	4	it be a shame they do not show picture of the inside of this bag . the top open up and then the front zip down to reveal 3 mesh pocket mean for flashcard , floppy disk , and cable . actually , I use mine for a camera\/binocular set I be give . the point-and-shoot camera and compact binoculars fit in the main compartment easily together with the divider . the mesh pocket do not hold bulky item , but it be good enough for a roll of file and a simple camera cleaning kit . so I have the basics ready for travel in one small bag .  i even buy another one for a personal 2 '' tv . the tv and its ac adapter be in the main compartment with a small pair of headphone in the front . I initially want to get this bag for my digital camera and accessory . but with a camera , battery charger , ac adapter , and three cable , it be just too much to fit inside this bag ; I get a small camcorder bag instead .  so this camera bag be great , but do not expect the pocket up front to hold much .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag for my Nikon Coolpix 4500 . it be perfect . the cushion bag protect the camera from possible bump and fall , plus it be weather proof . in addition to the camera , I pack the follow accessory with no problem : extra compact flash card , Nikon 's mc-eu1 cable release , Nikon 's lcd view hood , extra battery , and a lens cleaning pen .  the back have a extremely strong velcro belt strap . two ring accommodate a adjustable shoulder strap -lrb- which I leave off -rrb- . I use the 4500-strap through the side of the 2-zippered cover .  all in all , the highest quality , function , and design for a camera the size of the Coolpix 4500 .
Bag	POS	5	have this item about one month . Compact , but hold a lot include the cable , several bungee cord , bind rope , flash light -lcb- 2 c-cell size -rcb- , folding knife and pocket for map or other small item . it fit in a small hold under the jump seat in my Toyota pick up . I will be get another for the wife 's car . you can not go wrong with this bag .
Bag	NEG	2	this be a well build product but it will just hold you camera and battery . it will not handle the cable need to support the camera or the power supply which be a must in most case . the battery do not last long enough for most outing . it be basically the size of a small hardcovered novel !
Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag for my Canon Sureshot 85 . the camera and 3-4 roll of film fit into the bag well and it be easy to carry .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag specifically to enter my first pro game stadium at Qwest Field in Seattle because of they bag size restriction . it hold everything and more . it hold my Sony alpha 300 with stock lens , telephoto lens , Sony Cybershot , waterproof case for Cybershot , wide angle , extra battery , filter , memory card and my hd camcorder which I leave at the hotel since the stadium do not allow video recording . oh yeah and a microfiber hand towel . I also take it out in Portland during a steady drizzle of rain and my equipment be not even touch . I think the bag do come with a rain cover but it do not - no biggie as I do not intend to carry it out in the rain anyways . it do get a tad heavy if you load it up and I wish it be juuust a bit contoured so when you have it on you hip it do not sit so awkwardly but overall it be a great bag if you intention be to carry all you gear .
Bag	POS	5	I absolutely love this camera bag ! both of my camera fit in it very securely , and there be plenty of room for my most important lens to be safely store . pocket line every available space which enable I to take along all , and I do mean all , of my accessory as well as my personal item which eliminate the need to carry a second bag or a purse . once pack , this camera bag be surprisingly light and very easy to carry . it be truly a dream come true , especially for someone who be previously force to carry two -lrb- 2 -rrb- camera bag as well as a third bag for my personal item .  Tamrac 5608 pro 8 Camera bag -lrb- black -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	recently buy the worldproof 3.02 for a trip to Costa Rica . it fit my camcorder , all the cable and charger , two mini-dv tape , the instruction manual and there be room for we mini digital camera and extra aa battery too ! I carry it easily on the plane use just the `` regular '' handle , but could easily open out the shoulder strap for hand free . we go everywhere with it -lrb- lot of sandy beach , sailboat , snorkeling , etc. -rrb- . very stable when you set it down - do not slide around in a boat or a vehicle -lrb- important on costa rican road ! -rrb- great bag !
Bag	POS	5	this will become one of my favorite . it be well design , comfortable and easy to use , very powerful , and feel like it will last . if you plan on use this on glue-up , invest a little more and get the sand frame . and most surprisingly , the dust bag really work !
Bag	POS	5	four year ago , I buy this messenger bag . Way back then , I give it a stellar review . now , the earth have be around the sun 4 time since then . I have also change job , finish college , move , and do more travel than anyone should have to . suffice it to say , everything in my life have change . except this bag . since the day i get it , I have carry my amazon.com bag and love it because nobody else have one , and it be internet Kitsch . what I discover over 4 year be that this bag can not and will not die . its be drop out of move car , attack by a dozen hyper kitten , microwave , wear when snowboard , urinate on  and use to transport everything from homework to a small child .  now , despite all my amazon.com bag have be through , it still look clean and fresh . I just toss it in the wash and let it drip dry , and it look brand new , all over again . similar bag from Crumpler , Chrome , timbuk2 , and ManHattan Portage easily sell for between $ $ $ $ $ . I buy my amazon bag for $ $ $ on a fluke cause I need a messenger bag . every other messenger bag I own , be measure up against this one . they all come close , but none can touch my personal favorite . the day this bag finally die , if ever , the only thing I 'll wish for , in regard to my amazon.com bag , be that they hadnt stop sell they , so I could buy another .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be great for stow premium style -lrb- heavy guage , extend length -rrb- jumper cable in you vehicle . Mine also accommodate glove and a flashlight . I be sufficiently please with this bag , that I give several as gift .
Bag	POS	4	this camera bag be smartly design . there be plenty of room in the main compartment for a point and shoot or digital camera . I put two roll although there be probably room for three in the expand pouch on the front of the bag . the picture show this part of the bag as gray . it be actually all black . on the back of the bag be a snap down strap and another compartment that can hold battery or other small item . the carry strap be plenty long and can easily be remove if you so choose . overall this bag work very well and be a good value .
Bag	POS	5	I believe this camera bag be quite big . but my wife be happy . anyway , great material .
Bag	POS	5	plenty of power , easy to use , sand a 400 sq foot deck easily . blue mikita sandpaper be best too .
Bag	POS	5	as with all other Bucket Boss product I have own , this one be excellent in construction . it hold a substantial amount of tool along with a set of 20 ' 2 gauge jumper cable . replace two bag in my truck , one for the cable and one for hand tool -lrb- full socket set in 1\/4 and 3\/8 , collection of pliers and screwdriver , etc. -rrb- . I would highly recommend this product ...
Bag	NEU	3	the bag seem to be design nicely in term of compartment and layout , but it be sloppily sewn and be by no means pad . this may not be a issue for many folk .  i break out the needle and thread -lrb- and fabric glue for the hard to resew cell phone belt loop\/bag strap fabric -rrb- and I hope all remain well .  I be 6 ' 2 '' and weigh in at 280 lb. , and the strap be barely big enough for I to use . this bag be a perfect fit for the size notebook I like to take note in - as a writer , it seem like it will work well for I as part of a `` bag within a bag '' setup where the RakGear Bakku Messenger Bag be nestled inside a larger bag that carry digital camera\/dv cam , pda accessory , mic , md recorder , file folder , executive legal pad et cetera - I 'll make the RakGear bag hold the essential for those time when I have to go in `` light '' . I dunno - I be in a bag theory quandary .  Works well for Handspring Visor accessory too . maybe a couple O'Reilly Pocket Reference book or City Lights pocket poetry book . when I add my md , cd and\/or mp3 player , and I feel like I be push the limit of safe usability - mostly because of the lack of padding .  on-line , lot of people seem to like this bag - maybe I be on the search for the holy -lrb- small gadget -rrb- technology bag of all time , but I be not sure if I 'll buy more product from Targus . it 'll come down to how vulnerable I feel that my Palm OS PDA and my md player be in this non-padded bag . another very important factor will be how well the stitch stay stitch - I be not too confident on this front , consider the restitching I have have to do already .  the bag look good on-line , get great review , I just feel let down once I handle the product ... maybe I 'll be surprise with further usage .  the bottom-line be that this bag be now in clearance . I get mine as gift . at ... or less , this bag be a must have , even if just to satisfy a bag-lust . work for I . maybe I 'll be able to comment on durability and lack of padding after extend use . probably no need to bother . Hope this review be helpful .
Bag	POS	5	I be look for a bag for casual purpose , like hike . this be a bag of good compromise . too small , you can not hold more than a couple of spare lens . too big , it start to look weird and bulky . yet it be roomy enough to allow creativity . I have look around and for its size , 5608 hold the most stuff . without hood , I can fit the follow all in the main compartment : - 40d with f2 .8 17-55mm attach - 10-22mm - 100mm macro - tamron 70-300mm - tamron 1.4 x tele convertor - 430ex - macro flash -lrb- big -rrb- - dust blower - a disposable water bottle -lrb- for hike -rrb- . the bottle can be replace with 70-200 f4 , I suspect . sure it be pack , but everything be still well padded . I do not have a 2nd body , but you can replace a lens with a 2nd body , no attach lens . I would not recommend get this as you only bag if you have 2 body , since 2 lens have to be put under the body and that make change lens inconvenient . I put the least used macro lens underneath the body and on the other side , I put 2 lens upright instead of top\/bottom .
Bag	NEU	3	I guess the product do exactly what it say . it hold jumper cable . and that be it . I be hope to have some extra space in the bag to put other thing , and make use of the little front pocket , but it really be too small to be of much use . but as a bag to put jumper cable in , it work great . just like a plastic bag from WalMart would . get it on sale , and maybe it be worth it . otherwise , I would pass on this .
Bag	POS	5	I want a camera bag that be not too big but would carry my camera and maybe another item ... a wallet , another quick-shot camera , cell phone or some camera accessory . this hold my Sony dsc-s75 digi-cam perfectly with room for my cell phone or my other small camera . have nice pocket and be well padded to protect you camera . well make and a good price .
Bag	POS	5	I have be research camera , this one sound like a good find . sadly , there be not that many review for it . I want a camera that have good zoom and be quiet . the `` Spy Camera '' comment definately push I toward this item . still look ...
Bag	POS	4	I have a extra long set of heavy gauge , bulky jumper cable . they have come to the rescue for coworker and other many time . the box they be in start fall apart , and I be tire of wrestle with it and not have a good way to grab they and move they around when I be loading\/unloading stuff from the trunk of my car . I be a little worried this bag might not hold the larger cable , but they fit just fine . the bag be tough and sturdy . the round shape do not snag on junk in the trunk , and the handle make maneuver the cable out of the way much easier . and when my coworker need he 20th jump and \* still \* have not purchase he own darn set of cable , I 'll feel better about chunk this at he head . : - -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	we love these bag . they be strong , easy to use , and price right . I be especially impressed that I order they from Amazon one day , they ship the next , and they arrive the day after that . we have buy these from Amazon on a regular basis for several year now and will continue to do so . and I think the price have come down since we start order they . I can not believe we get they so fast ! we have two dog and the 200 count last about three to four month with pick up they poop every day . my husband like they better because they be thicker than most poop bag and do not tear , especially in the winter when the ground be freeze and harder to deal with . we highly recommend they , especially for big dog and in harsh winter climate , where you have to pick up after they .
Bag	POS	5	Safe way to easily transport my new Pentax k10d . have a small pocket to keep additional card , and another pocket in front to keep other small accessory . build sturdy and durable with thick padded side for protection if drop .
Bag	POS	4	this bag work for what I need it for . I only use this saw occasionally and do not want the sawdust shooting out the back and this bag work for that . it be not a very big bag so if you do much saw it will require empty more often . over all it work well .
Bag	POS	5	this be a gift for someone do inside repair on he house . he like it very much . well-made and sturdy . good for tote tool from room to room .
Bag	POS	5	well make , great camera bag for the price . plenty of storage for battery , charger and extra media smart card . excellent value for the money .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this last week and get it a few day ago . this be a great digital camera bag . I do extensive research before commit and I must say it pay off . the bag have a nice divider which I use to seperate my cable from my camera . it also be line with a soft fabric so you lcd screen be not scratch . I must say that if you stuff the main compartman , the front compartment be basially render useless . the front area have two laminated compartment for smartmedium or compactflash card . they be basically the only two thing that will fit since the camera in the main compartment make it a very tight fit .
Bag	NEU	3	nice , but u get too break down the meatal dector . I think it would fit in case without take apart , just a think before you buy one ...
Bag	POS	4	I buy -lrb- and then return -rrb- four bag before stay with this one . be it perfect ? of course not , there be no such perfect camera bag . Backpack ? sling ? Rolling ? shoulder ? I wish there be one that have the benefit of all of these , but it do not exist . the backpack I have be use be wonderful for have both hand free , but it do not hold enough and when the `` Kodak moment '' come along , I have to wriggle out of it , put it on the ground -lrb- regardless of how messy the ground might be -rrb- and then zip it open to get the camera out . whoops - my subject be go . the 5612 be heavy when full of my gear , but I do not have to leave anything out and I can get my camera out quickly when I need it . like all tamrac product , it be make of strong material and can take a beating .
Bag	NEU	3	I love this camera for ease of use , and crisp , clear picture . my biggest problem though be red eye . I use the red eye reduction most of the time and eye be always red . maybe someone have a suggestion to fix this problem ?
Bag	POS	5	the McGuire Nicholas 16 Inch wide builder 's Tool Bag be exactly what I hope it would be . I have several McGuire Nicholas tool bag and they have all be quality bag . I be use this one along with  McGuire Nicholas 3 small bag  at just fourteen dollar with free shipping this be a nice deal . the size work great and it hold everything I need with room for more . ~ the Boss
Bag	POS	5	I get this case for a more portable version of a carrier for my slr -lrb- the backpack bag be not always ideal -rrb- . the price be great . I look at some other brand , and they be all $ 10-15 more . I end up get the bag partly because it match my camera . it be a great purchase . it be not go to hold the charger or any other accessory of any size , but that be not why I buy it . the nylon be nice and durable feeling . the velcro and zipper closure feel solid . the strap be the only potential upgrade , but for the price I be not expect a ergo pad strap . great buy .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander to replace a older model with a non-centered motor . this tool be well balanced and have the motor over the belt make it much easier to use and eliminate my tendancy to tip the machine and cut into the wood . it be a heavy tool and the weight work in it be favor . the belt be easily remove and install with the single lock lever . the alignment be easy to adjust and the tool be relatively quiet . I have use it with the dust bag as well as with a vacuum hose . dust removal be pretty good with the bag but of course the hose be 100 % . the design make it easy to sand right up to a vertical wall and that have come in handy . I think this be a excellent tool for finish large surface like tabletop and get top notch result .
Bag	POS	5	you will love this bag - great contemporary look , roomy , nicely pad for laptop , I find it very comfortable-it be the best bag of this sort I have ever own - buy it , you will not be disappoint .
Bag	POS	5	I have be look for a tool bag , and this one be great ! it be very sturdy , yet when close do not take up that much room . all the exterior and interior pocket make it easy to stay organize . definitely a great bag !
Bag	POS	5	I highly recommend this tool bag for anything from fishing gear to gardening tool . the canvas be good quality .
Bag	POS	4	bag be adequate for the Hitachi NR90APR gun but a bit snug so the zipper do not fully close around the green piston housing of the gun . need about another inch of width there . gun be fully cover in the bag , but the zipper stop a little beyond the handle on the short downslope .
Bag	NEG	1	can not believe this case be too small , after read review that case be too big for other camera . I think it be irresponsible that these case be be sell for camera they do not fit . waste of money ...
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag when they first come out cause I be tire of lug around that heavy laptop bag that weigh like it have a couple laptop in it even when mine be not in it : -rrb- this bag be durable , laptop area be cushion with a clasp so it cant fall out . zippered mesh inside pocket , it be get drag around across the US and still look new !!
Bag	POS	5	it be a great tool bag . I have get it almost full , and the strap be tough enough to carry around .
Bag	NEU	3	this bag be a bit bigger than I think . the inside be foamy with firm padding to protect my ... g2 camera . but , I can really fit two g2 -lrb- s -rrb- in the bag . it do feel like a small little girl 's backpack for I . I do not know if this be good or bad . the right side have a zipper to store you cable and wire . the back side have another zipper to store you pens\/memory card . yet the inside be large enough for I to put my digital camcorder Sony trv17 in there . take in mind that my Canon g2 be much much smaller than the Sony trv17 . but it can fit well if I store my battery charger and cable inside and put the camera on top . but then I really do not want to scratch it . that be the whole purpose of I buy this bag . now , I will have to think of something to pad the inside down to a smaller space . with the strap , I really feel like I be wear a purse for a guy . without the strap , hold it upright , I feel like I be carry a purse . and I really do not want people to snatch my ... purse away : -rrb- .
Bag	NEG	1	the top load Case Logic dc70 be SUPER !! the one selling at ... , be a front loading case . not good for large camera . company make 2 model use the same item number of dc70 . Worth look for the one that the camera go in from the top of the case .
Bag	POS	4	this bag be not cheap but it be very well make - plenty of room for extra long jumper cable along with many other thing you ought to have in the trunk for those bad luck day . the bag arrive when expect , be reasonably well package for shipping , match the picture , be very well make , and be a nice way to keep the trunk organize - what more can you ask for . 5 star for quality minus one for price
Bag	POS	5	strong , easy to handle , small , medium or large dog -lrb- perhaps especially medium and large -rrb- ... Mutt Mitt 's really make the `` job '' much easier than it might otherwise be . I be totally happy with this product and have re-order several time in proof thereof .
Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely well-designed and well-built sander . I have use many sander and be disappoint by poor design and bad belt-changing clamp system . its variable speed eliminate the need to press harder or softer on the sand surface , cut down on the chance of gouging material or cut divot in the surface . change the belt be easy : pull on the side lever and the belt slip on and off . there be a belt alignment adjustor which I set the first time I use it and have not touch since . the front handle be removable for sand up to obstruct edge . the dust bag actually work , and the sander can be hook up to a dust collector . most importantly , there be two accessory for the sander which make it versatile . the sand stand turn the sander into a upside-down bench-mounted sander , and the optional fence provide a way to easily and accurately sand endgrain on wood . it be build in Switzerland and it look and feel like it be make by swiss watchmaker .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag about 18 month ago because my kit have outgrow my previous bag . I generally carry two Nikon d80 together two battery grip and four lens plus filter , battery charger , lens cleaning kit and so on . one thing that I particularly like be that the bag be long enough so it that will hold two camera body each with a battery grip and lens attach . this mean that I can minimize the time that I have to change lens and so help to keep the dreaded dust away from the camera sensor . the lens that I generally leave attach to the camera be a Nikon 18-200 zoom and a Sigma 10-20 zoom . the internal divider can be move about and reconfigure to suit you own requirement . the top zip down over the main compartment and connect to the side and front of the bag with four plastic clip buckle . there be two side pouch which be still accessible when the main compartment of the bag be all zip up . these be hold close by velco patch . I find these quite useful for thing like a mobile phone that you want use without open the whole case . it can get fairly heavy when load with kit but the shoulder strap and handle do a good job of spread the weight . the bag be within airline carry-on size but be careful if the airline impose a weight restriction on hand luggage . the only disappointing thing about the bag be the so-called ` Piggy-Back Pocket ' which be suppose to allow the bag to be slip over the handle of roll luggage . I can not get this to work - every time I have try to use it the bag swivel round the handle of my luggage . nevertheless , this be a minor problem and I now leave the pocket close and use it to carry a newspaper or magazine . overall , I be very pleased with this bag and would recommend it anybody want a well make camera bag that can carry a large amount of kit .
Bag	POS	5	a couple of week ago I pick up the Olympus d-490 and this be the case I buy for it . I must say that this be definitely a great product . it be extremely well build for it be price and host some good solid feature . there be 2 compartment of storage : the main pouch and the front zippered accessory area . in the front zippered area there be 3 compartment : the battery elastic band which hold 4 aa battery and 2 zippered mesh pocket . these pocket be large enough to carry memory card and accessory for the d-490 .  the whole case be sturdy and build rugged with it be soft pading for the camera and durable bottom . I definitely recommend this bag for anyone who have a digital camera with the approximate dimension of the d-490 . you will enjoy this case as it be inexpensive , functional , sturdy , well design and look good .
Bag	NEG	2	the bag be really good look . I would say it be sturdy and it would protect you jumper cable or any other tool you may want to put in . for my surprise , as soon as I put my cable inside the bag and try to close the zipper , I notice that the latter be not able to close the bag at all , as it come with a small opening on the start end , cause the zipper to open again . I be send the bag to change or fix the zipper at a local shop as I think this will be less painfull than return the item , explain and then wait for a replacement -lrb- and then , hope that it come in work condition -rrb- .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this for my boyfriend for Christmas . it be just what he want . it be roomy and material be sturdy . I would recommend it for anyone need a bag for all they metal detect equipment . thanks .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be handy and good finish from outside and inside , definitely a good one for the price , stongly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	what be you wait for ? just buy it !! this be a super work gal bag - cuz you never know what you might need and we tend to load we tote bag with alot of `` stuff '' . this bag can hold it all , it have room for everything and then some without look like you be carry so much . have lot of secure zip pocket for valuable , a special place for key , and that padded pocket work great for carry my e-mail mailstation unit securely when I travel out of town . the color be perfect for not show the dirt from so much use & the material be nice & sturdy - the bag stand up by itself without fall over , mess up you item inside . I start by buy one - figure the price be so cheap it probably would be a cheap bag . NOT SO !! it be a fantastic bargin , I have order 3 more as gift - - - - buy it , you 'll like it !
Bag	POS	4	lot of room and separate compartment for extra battery and memory card . make a handy handbag too . shame it be not leather but it be a pretty good imitation .
Bag	POS	5	very heavy duty . I like the way it open all the way up so you dont have to fight to get the cable in or out . pocket on the front look cool but be useless . I would reccomend this product .
Bag	POS	5	Ther be nothing worse than six foot plus of jumper cable float around in the back of a pickup or in the trunk of a car . if they be not in a container they seem to have a life of they own . make it a suv and it be worse yet . we live in a rural area so we keep a set of jumper in all of we car . nothing worse than a suddenly dead battery and no cable to get a jump . for the truck a heavy set to get the tractor or other equipment run . I buy the first bucket boss cable bag about 10 year ago and it be still be use in the truck . this be the third one , first one with the tool carrier . they be sturdy , zipper hold up . well make . they work so well , I never bother to look at anything else .
Bag	POS	4	I purchase this bag to carry my woodturning tool . it be the right length , have plenty of pocket for small item , and have a opening that allow easy access . the bag be everything I want , but the sharp tool cut the material on the end of the bag . the remedy , I glue leather in the end of the bag . now it be prefect ... well , some wheel would be nice ...
Bag	POS	4	this be a very handy bag for you jumper cable , small tool , flashlight , rag , and so on . one thing that bother I a little bit be if you just want to get to you tool -lrb- which you will use far more often than you jumper cable -rrb- , when you open the bag , the tool compartment be zip securely , but the jumper cable area be open . so you may have to fuss with the cable a bit . it would be nice to have each half zip close instead of just secure the cable when the entire bag be zip up . it be a very nice , durable , compact product and I be please with it .
Bag	NEU	3	it be better than nothing , but I be definitely go to save up for a shop-vac to hook up to my table see in the future .
Bag	NEU	3	nice compact bag to hold all the necessity while travel .
Bag	POS	4	this case be the perfect size for the d-460 and accessory -lrb- case be approx 7 '' tall x 3.5 '' wide x 3 '' deep -rrb- . the main pouch be well padded and make of soft material . the bottom be reinforce to resist wear . inside the front zippered pocket , there be a mesh pocket for memory card , as well as a divide elastic band mean for 4 aa battery . inside the flap of the front pocket there be a zippered mesh pouch , which run the entire legnth of the flap -lrb- approx . 6 `` x3 '' -rrb- , for extra accessory .  the only thing I dislike be the velcro on the main flap be a bit weak , and seem to come open without much force . I would have rather see a zipper to keep the main pouch close .  other than that , this be a fantastic case , and I recommend it .
Bag	POS	5	the quick background ... I be more diy than a serious woodworker\/builder . I have a old old house so lot of thing I have to make , molding be a big one . I originally purchase this to help sand some floor in a dinning nook , but have not make it that far yet . but I find another use that seem like it could help I out in . I be make a transition piece between tile in a redone bathroom to hardwood in the kitchen , but the floor do not line up level -lrb- do not ask I do not do the floor in the kitchen -rrb- . so the transition piece basically have to have a rotate bevel cut into the surface and I do not have a band see or table see that could do what need to be do . sorry the sander do not do it all , actually most of the cut be do by hand . now to the actual review ... so as I look at this rough cut piece of wood I pull out my DeWalt orbital sander and go to town . 30 minute later I be not impress with my progress . I think about what else I could do to expedite the process , and I come back to my new belt sander . now I receive it as a Christmas gift and it be still in the box -lrb- await that flooring project that be just oh so far away . -rrb- now I have never use a belt sander before , or see one in use other than on tv ... where they usually go fly across the room . I mean do a floor be one thing , sand on a difficult to hold down piece I have be work on for several day be another . I unpackage it , and low and behold it come with a 80 grit belt already install ... -lrb- well that save a trip to the hardware store for a change -rrb- . I thumb through the book , really straight forward . a simple lever to change the belt and a knob to adjust tracking . I fire it up and be amaze at how quiet it be , even on the fastest speed it be quieter than the orbital . the tracking be spot on from the factory . I setup my piece and in 15 minute or so I be do . now obviously I have very limited use with it so far , but the only fault\/nit-pick I can find right off be the speed control . it have excellent range , but not great linearity . three and down seem slow and want to bog down the sander , jump to four and you be cut fast . obviously it be adjustable between 3 and 4 , it just seem to have a sweet spot where you be a little low on power then to where you better be move quick . that spot probably depend on the wood and grit I imagine as well ... -lrb- really just something I notice and think I would pass along . -rrb- all in all I think it be go to serve I well . it be heavy and solid , feel pretty good in you hand even though it look like a brick . slow enough to do fine work -lrb- well as fine as a belt sander do -rrb- , yet powerful enough that I do not think floor will be a problem . the speed control be more than worth any trade off of not have it . and I be sure experience will help I fine tune what speed I need for what project .
Bag	POS	5	the bag be very comfortable and easy to tote -lrb- I be a bus , rather than bicycyle , traveller -rrb- , and the convenience of the pocket and division be excellent . I use it to carry book , file , and other teaching material , and its construction relieve the pressure on my less-than-perfect back . highly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	I have be use my Tamrac Pro12 bag for several year and it be still in like-new condition . the bag be plenty large enough to hold all my gear with room to spare . the divider allow for a large variety of layout option and have plenty of pocket for accessory . the bag be well padded and make with a tough snag and rip resistant fabric . all the seam appear to well stich too , with box-stiching on all the major stress point . the carry strap be contour , well padded and slip-resistant which make for a much more comfortable day of lug heavy camera body and lens around . every couple month I recommend spray the outside of the bag down with a quality water-repelling spray such as that use for tent and other camping gear . this will do wonder for weatherproof the bag to prevent you delicate equipment from get damp if you be out and get catch in a unexpected rain .
Bag	POS	5	I love this bag , it be perfect for my tool around the house . I be always look for something , tape , pliers , hammer , screw driver . instead of always ask my husband where be this and where be that . I have my own tool box . I be order 2 more for my daughter for Christmas this year . you can not bet the price .
Bag	POS	5	last year I give `` sensible '' gift to some of my family in northern Minnesota : Long cable super heavy duty jumper cable for sub-zero weather and maneuver a jump around snowdrift . and I get this Bucket Boss Jumper Cable Bag to hold the cable . it look great and hold the 20-foot 4-gauge -lrb- thick -rrb- jumper cable . much better than a plastic bag with a twist-tie ! here be the heavy-duty jumper cable I get . incidentally , longer and heavier gauge cable be well worth it . they still carry voltage well even when the weather be freezing .  Coleman Cable 08660 heavy-duty 4-gauge auto Battery Booster Cables with Polar Glo-Watt Clamps -lrb- 20 Feet -rrb-
Bag	POS	5	I have have one of these bag -lrb- under a different `` label '' -rrb- for year and love it . I use it to hold both 16 ga & 18 ga finish nailer -lrb- one bag hold both -rrb- . it be great - good material , nicely pad , and it really do stand up on its own . hold both gun , nail , oil , etc , easily . the thin size pack nicely behind a truck seat . I just order a second one to hold my 4.5 '' angle grinder . the shape be perfect for storage without remove the handle and the outside pocket stow disc perfectly . this be a much better solution -lrb- for either tool -rrb- than the hard case or the contractor bag .
Bag	POS	5	this bag do just what I need - clean up my trunk . I have cable , fix-a-flat , screwdriver and everything else roll around in my car and stash where I could fit they -lrb- but still could not be find when need -rrb- . now everything fit in this bag and look great . I be go to get one for my other car . highly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	I be a son of a carpenter , mechanic , home rebuilder , and avid hobbyist . I start use power tool when I be 7 or 8 year old . I be now 39 ; you do the math . I have have a older model -lrb- 3270 -rrb- that look identical to the 1274dv for 10 + year and would not trade it for any other . this be the only belt sander I could find with a flat top and side . you can place the sander up side down on a table , lock the trigger and sand small part all day . I also set the sander on its side and clamp it to my table saw 's table for sand 90-degree work . the belt center be not the best I have see but it work okay . the end of the belt release handle get broken year ago but it still work by pull on the remain stub . I recently get the cord stick in the belt area and snap the rubber drive belt -lrb- no other damage -rrb- . good design here as other tool I have overstress break more than a simple drive belt . -lrb- no , I be not a klutz , these thing happen every so often . -rrb- the sander be light enough to handle fairly good with one hand . I be in the process of find out if the variable speed switch and graphite platen will adapt to my older model . Bosch have a web site which be very good except no part be available on line . a listing of authorized part location be give though .
Bag	POS	5	nice quality . very compact . will not have room for ton of extra cord and battery for you camcorder but the essential will fit . I have a sharp vl-ax1u and it fit perfectly . if you be buy this for a digital camera it would also work very well .
Bag	POS	4	install in seconds , easy to install , work well and easy to empty . another good purchase for a awesome tablesaw . great purchase and have no regret .
Bag	POS	4	I need a case to carry my new Panasonic DV camcorder on my bike -- and this one fit the bill nicely . it be minimalist , yet it include a interior pocket with two slot , perfectly size for a dv cassette and a battery . in the lid be a mesh zipper pocket , for miscellany . and , on each end , a zippered pocket carry whatever . the inner divider help find a secure fit for the camera , and the whole rig fit into my handlebar bag . I like that it be easy to open this bag when I need it , thanks to the unusual shape of the lid . I do not find another bag that would fit the width of my handlebar bag , so this be the only candidate . fortunately , it do the job nicely .
Bag	POS	5	fit my Canon A-620 perfectly . have space for 4 extra aa battery . separate storage for extra sd card . and very well padded . on top of all that , it be weather resistant , too . for the price , I can not imagine find a camera bag better than this one .
Bag	POS	4	I have a digital camera that have a large zoom lens . this bag accomodate it and other accessory , memory and gadget quite well . the outboard zipper pocket allow for other personal effect to be stow away and safe . Perfect for travel or a photo shoot . not to big or small . the leather like surface can receive rough handling without fall apart . at approx -lrb- price -rrb- it be be very good deal .
Bag	POS	4	I have own this bag for over 3 year . it be way overloaded -lrb- so much that I do not even worry about zip it up -rrb- , and have hold up very well . only two small problem -lrb- due to my overloading -rrb- : the clip that hold the stap to the ring on the bag break , and the metal bar that hold the shape of the main opening have come out of the end seam . this bag do hold a lot of `` stuff . '' it have hold up very well despite my abuse and overload -lrb- it weigh about 80 lb with all my stuff . -rrb- well worth the buy !
Bag	POS	5	this be a great bag . there be lot of room leave even after place you dslr pentax camera in it .
Bag	POS	5	this morning I receive the messenger bag and it do really come up with most of my expectation . I could not help myself to get on this web site and review this product right now , after make some test of course : - -rrb- First of all , about the soutside : the design be really great , clear and elegant , the Amazon.com logo discreet -lrb- it doesnt make you a living advertisement sign for the company -rrb- . the bag be roomy and there be place for plenty of stuff , e.g. several book , magazine , personal item ... the material be of good quality and you wont have to worry about you stuff in the rain ... I would have wish though that the material be a bit thicker and sturdier , similar to the messenger bag of the Freitag brother ... the different pocket inside -lrb- especially the one for my Palm V or any other pda -rrb- help you to get organize a bit easier . the clip with the key ring be a nice add-on , but you do not have to push very hard to get the key away , so I be not sure if it will be that safe , a little pressure and they be go ... I do like the protected compartment for the notebook . it be in a safe place , away from the other item you might carry . a quite good feature be also the little pocket with zipper on the back flap , allow you to stow the magazine you just buy in the bag without have to open the front flap ... this be very handy if you be too late and have to run to catch the train or bus : - -rrb- the mobile phone pocket be neat , but slightly too small for my Noka 7110 . I can squeeze it in , but can not really close the flap . another quite nice add-on be the mesh pocket on the outside for a can of a beverage or a small snack . it doesnt get in touch with you document and other item . this be very handy in case you crash once with you bike : - -rrb- the foam padded shoulder strap be great ... if the bag be heavy , it be still confortable to carry and it holdp perfectly well on you shoulder . other small thing to mention , especially for biker , be the removable reflective tape a the webbing loop to attach a lead in the night . this bag be so far the best bag a biker can wish for .
Bag	POS	5	be use this bag for over a year . it be a perfect fit for the Canon EOS 20d body with the 28-80 lens as well as a 70-300 zoom lens . there be space for the manual , charger as well as a extra cf card . the strap with its padding be very comfortable even after carry all this , all day long .
Bag	POS	5	love it ! always want one and be glad I buy this one . handle all my around the house and small auto tool . strong , I have test it .
Bag	POS	5	very basic but so be the price . Works great for general family picture . will hold digital camera and a camcorder . would recommend .
Bag	POS	5	I be not expect much , but be impressed with how useful and durable these thing be . especially consider the price . different drywall screw in one , exterior screw in another , tapcon and other anchor in another . I love these bag . Update - as of April 2012 , almost two year later , these bag be still hold up . no tear or broken string tie . highly recommend over the yellow plastic bucket tray .
Bag	POS	5	build tough with adequate room for even the biggest jumper cable . very good ...
Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this bag to carry my jumper cable in so they would be neat and organize in my truck . to bad they will not fit in the bag . the only cable that would fit in this bag be the cheap one 's from `` FRED 's ''
Bag	NEG	2	this bag be of very good quality but although it might be consider the standard size , the die hard cable which I buy at Sears will not fit so I end up return the bag . I compare my cable with another brand my wife have and the die hard be almost twice as long and not as flexible due to the high quality so they be harder to coil . I agree with other reviewer in that you really could not fit much on the side pocket .
Bag	POS	5	I can stuff this tote with all sort of thing -lrb- book , shoe , sweater , makeup -rrb- , and it stand up to the task . it be great as a everyday `` schlepp '' bag , or as a carry on for the plane . I like that I can either throw it on my shoulder or carry it by the strap without it drag on the ground . it look fashionable , coordinate with all the gray and black in my wardrobe , and compare to many of the top brand out there -lrb- City Sac , Kate Spade , etc -rrb- and at $ 29 , you can not beat the value .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase this camera bag for a larger digital camera . while there be plenty of room for my camera and all of its accessory , the bag be not overly large or awkward . the bag be sturdy and its compartment be laid-out logically .
Bag	POS	5	... this case actually have a hidden rain jacket to protect you electronic equipment -lrb- worth probably hundred if not thousand of dollard -rrb- from the element . the inside material be also design not to scratch lcd display and it be quite a rugged case for such a little bag . oh and do I forget to mention that it have a belt loop on the back so you can wear it around you waist and that the hardware be metal instead of plastic . a bag that be really design to last . Great for digital still camera and a few accessore like card and a small battery charger or axillary lens . highly recomend for digital camera .
Bag	POS	5	this spacious tool bag be wonderful and so roomy that I wish I have buy two of they . I definitely recommend this tool bag .
Bag	NEG	1	this item be identical to the Bucket Boss Brand 06009 Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag which be $ 5 cheaper at $ 14.99 . I buy both because I want a bigger and smaller bag and assume that this item be , indeed , bigger but it be not . this item be marked `` big '' where the other be not and be $ 5 more than item # 06009 so I be surprise when they arrive and be identical -lrb- not similar but exactly the same -rrb- . after a couple of complain email I be give a refund of $ 5 for each of the 2 of this item I buy . in short , save $ 5 , get the Bucket Boss Brand 06009 Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag instead !
Bag	POS	5	I have have one of these for year . as a off-roader with jeep , I carry a 20 ` x2 '' recovery strap . this bag work well to keep my recovery strap coil , shackle , and glove all organize and ready to toss in the Jeep whenever head to the trail . I have 4 or 5 other Bucket Boss product , love they all .
Bag	NEG	2	I 'll start off by state that I love all of my other Bosch tool - from all the laser goody to to the pneumatic to my planer . but , whoever be in charge of put Bosch 's name on this piece of dung from Switzerland -lrb- where it be make -rrb- , should be fire ! actually , the tool do have some strong point ; e.g. , a light yet solid feeling , it be ergonomic & have the ability to be invert & use as table top sander because of its unique brick-like shape . however , the bloody platen be not wide enough to incorporate a standard 3 '' belt ! in other word , with the belt adjust all the way inboard , there be still circa 3\/16 '' of the outboard edge of the belt off of the platen & roller ... what a waste !!! I call Bosch Tech support & the guy have the nerve to tell I that `` some belt manufacture make they belt a little wider than standard & so they can over extend the roller & platen . '' I promptly refute , `` the belt be the same belt that come in the box from Bosch ! '' I tell he I would be send it back to Amazon & buy another brand . then he state , `` well , we 4 `` x24 '' be a much better belt sander '' & suggest that I try it . I laugh & bid he a good day ! I do not want a bigger sander , which be exactly why I choose a 3 `` x21 '' ! bottom line be the tracking knob be turn all the way in & the belt be still circa 3\/16 '' from the inside edge of the sander . if this sander simply have another 1\/4 '' meat on the platen and roller , I would have likely keep it ; but instead , another manufacturer will get my business ! come on , Bosch ... time to release a new model or find another manufacturer !!!
Bag	POS	4	great mid-size camera bag for those with a few accessory and a small-medium size digital camer .  tricot lining be super soft and make especially to be gentle on the lcd . do a great job of not scratch it .  velcro divider in the center . this let you change the back compartment to how you like it . it also let you get you camera very snug so it will not rattle around in there . divide it any way you like .  front two laminated plastic pocket . both be about the width of 4 aa battery . you can either keep memory card in here or if you camera run on aa battery it be great for keep a spare set or two ! -lrb- Great for olympus cam that run on aa 's ! -rrb-  weather-hood - it be great for those drizzly football game and rainy day . good to protect you expensive equipment .  overall great bag . if you need more room for accessory I suggest the d-res 50aw . I fit my Ipaq pocket pc , ipaq stowaway keyboard , ipaq modem , modem retractable cord , Lowepro d-re 4 memory wallet , Olympus D-510 digicam , my aa\/aaa fast battery charger and it be ac adapter all in the bag .  lowepro make great bag !
Bag	POS	4	I upgrade from a Nikon d60 to Nikon D7000 . the Tamrac 5612 pro 12 Camera bag -lrb- black -rrb- be perfect size for carry both camera and all support equipment and accesory ; lenses,hoods,filters,sb-900 speedlight , clean gear , rechargable batteriescharger , memory card , cheat sheet etc. . no 5th star due to price . the bag be a bit expensive .
Bag	POS	5	this Tamrac bag be big , heavy , and hold a incredible amount of gear . I use it to carry a Olympus e600 and a Panasonic Lumix g2 with 12 extra lens . -lrb- for both the e600 and the g2 - use Fotodiox adapter on om lens to the M4\/3 Lumix mount -rrb- lens range from om 200mm down to 28mm , and I still have space to spare . as you can see , it also have compartment for flash card , extra battery , manual , and battery charger with they cable . I have not find a place to toss in the kitchen sink , but everything else fit without have to crunch it all together . the design of the bag , with the ability to customize the divider , make it easy to get to what I need very quickly . fully load , it be heavy , heck , even empty it be heavy . seem the tamrac people follow the old farmer 's say `` when in doubt , make it stout . '' I do not think the Tamrac folk have any doubt about the design of the bag , but it be very well build , and strong . since I have buy the bag , I have do some travel with it , and I have no concern about the safety of the equipment inside it - it will arrive at the destination safe and sound , and this be worth it be weight in gold . another reviewer mention use a water repellent spray on the outside of the bag , this be very good advice . I travel to tropical rain forest , and they be call ` rain ' forest for a good reason . my bag have get rain on , -lrb- like tropical deluge type rain ... -rrb- and with the spray everything remain dry and in good condition . I use Kiwi Camp Dry ,  Kiwi Camp Dry , Heavy Duty Water Repellent , 12oz  again , this be a BIG , well-build camera bag . -lrb- though you can use it for other thing if you want -rrb- I have a tenba  tenba 632-301 shootout small backpack -lrb- olive\/black -rrb-  however , it do not hold all the gear that the Tamrac can .
Bag	POS	4	for the cost of this bag , you be not go to get a dustless system . it certainly do not collect all sawdust , but it catch a good part of it . I find after a few dozen cut the bag fill up , but there be plenty more dust under and all around the saw base . but what the bag catch be that much less for I to vacuum , so I be happy with that . the problem lie more with the Bosch tablesaw , which do not direct all the dust down the chute - for that to happen , the saw would need a major redesign . the current design simply have a channel under the blade lead to the chute in back , but it be open , so the spin blade kick dust in every direction , not just down the channel and chute . I find that the blade I be use make some difference too - a 40-tooth blade send more dust down the chute and into the bag than a 80-tooth blade . the latter probably make finer dust , more prone to be scatter .
Bag	POS	5	I be not sure why people continue to put a bad # of star on a great product when the have a service issue of some sort . I have a Hitachi Framing nailer that do not come with a box or bag . I order the Hitachi bag through my tool guy and it take a while to come in , so I order this bag think he forget about it . this bag be awesome and I be go to be buy one for all of my other gun without case . it be sturdy , open easily , and provide adequate protection for storage in my work truck . I highly recommend this bag as the quality of the construction be evident in the stitching and material use . the Hitachi bag finally come in for my gun and I tell my tool rep to send it back since it be not anywhere near as nice as this bag and cost more .
Bag	POS	4	do not plan to keep battery or lens along with you camera in this bag . so tight , sometimes camera switch turn on when you insert camera in bag . Adequate if no accessory . weather protection cover a big plus in the rain .
Bag	POS	5	I love these bag . I have a great Pyrenees and along with that Great be the size of he poop . I can pick up he pile with one bag . I have large hand and they fit in the bag ok .
Bag	POS	4	this sturdy case have outlast many camera and I find it adequate for carry my camera around .
Bag	POS	4	this sander work very well , the only con be that the shoe protector run off the metal shoe and tear itself away from the shoe . otherwise work well .
Bag	POS	5	I have be a loyal BH Photo customer for over fifteen year . but a friend suggest that I try adorama as he think they be a first class company . the Tamrac bag be my first order place with adorama and it will certainly not be my last . it be a painless transaction and I couldnt be happier with the product and the service . the price be unbeatable . in all fairness I must say that BH Photo be a great company to do business with , but if price be you primary concern , then adorama be the way to go .
Bag	NEU	3	it be a nice enough bag , but the c3030 will not fit in it . do not buy it for this camera unless you enjoy send thing back .
Bag	POS	5	this be camera case be the best I have see for the money . far exceed what I expect .
Bag	POS	4	receive this bag to go along with my Olympus c-4000 . it be quite a nice bag , relatively compact and easily fit my c-4000 with plenty of protection offereed by the wall of the case and padded divider . there be plenty of room leave for cable , a flash or even another camera if you have get one . a mesh pouch on the inside of the main compartment flap offer a handy place to store my sm card . on the other side , another component offer 4 elastic loop for battery , and 2 mesh pouch -lrb- 1 zippered -rrb- for store more battery or whatever else you might have . I can easily store 3 set of 4 aa battery in here , with plenty of room for more sm card . and to top it all off , a zippered side pouch for another place to put stuff -lrb- nothing too thick though -rrb- . there be a adjustable carry strap that you can use to sling over you shoulder , plus handle on the top and side , so there be plenty of way to grab onto the bag . the only think I do not like about this bag be that mine do not seem to want to stand up . it always end up roll over onto its back . this however be a pretty minor thing .
Bag	POS	5	after research a number of bag for my new digital SLR camera , I think this bag have the best combination of price , size , and feature . I be very happy with my selection . I have never own a Tamrac bag that I do not feel be quality make . the MAS -lrb- modular Accessory System -rrb- and SAS -lrb- Strap Accessory System -rrb- be quite well think out and the available accessory be very economical compare to other brand . the bag have a small footprint , but have plenty of room for my new camera -lrb- w\/lens -rrb- , flash , extra 28-300mm lens and all my other necessary item . other bag seem to lack the perfect combination of wxhxd like this bag . it would be hard to find camera\/lens comination that would not fit in this bag . plus , extra battery set and memory card have predesign pocket so everything be quick and easy to find ... everything in it be place with quick , easy access . the only thing I could find that could be improve be 1 -rrb- heftier hook\/loop closier for the flap and 2 -rrb- more hook\/loop material to enable more compartmental option inside the bag . but , these be very small nit compare to the overal quality of this bag .
Bag	POS	4	we have find this to be a very convenient way of transport essential tool from one job to the next . the bag be roomy and be great for any kind of tool . we be presently use the bag to carry we battery operate circular saw , which fit very nicely into the bag .
Bag	POS	5	I purchase the BucketBoss Gatemouth bag at Sears several year ago because they be discontinue they . I think it be around $ 20 . I be immediately impress with the design and construction of the product . when I first purchase the bag I be not sure what I would use it for but it do not take long for I to find out . I have often wish I would buy more than one because they be so rugged and useful for many thing . I always wish I would get one for my Uncle in Oregon . he be a bus driver in Eugene and often take he camera 's with he on he bus route . this bag would hold several camera , lunch , spare clothing , emergency equipment , cell phone , etc. , etc. and still be quite compact and easy to carry . I primarily use mine to take stuff to the boat that I do not want to leave there . I keep it load with my camera , boat key , first aid supplies and personal toiletries . I add thing like my wallet , cell phone , food item , tool , shoe and spare clothing that I may need . the many pocket help keep all these thing organize and my phone easily slide into or clip onto one of the many pocket on the outside where I can get to it easily . not only be this bag very functional , it be also very attractive and could proudly be take on a plane trip as a carry on . I alsmost guarantee someone would ask where you get it before the trip be over . I be buy at least one more for a gift and would surely buy another for myself if I think the one I have would ever wear out . I tell my son a couple of year ago how much I love this bag and that someday it would be he . I have use it for about 4 or 5 year and it still look and function like the day i buy it . I highly reccomend this bag to anyone look for a tough and all around useful bag for cary tool or anything else .
Bag	POS	5	great size , not too stiff and hold all kind of camera equipment without seem too big . I can fit my Nikon d80 with lens plus a extra lens -lrb- fairly long -rrb- , a sb600 , battery , filter , wallet , cell phone -lrb- pocket on the side -rrb- and other misc . the only thing it be miss be padding on the top and perhaps a top handle . not sure why there be no padding on the top , there be plenty of room and I plan to add it myself . it be a good bag for a day trip or longer . and the color represent here be not correct . it be closer to a navy than a royal blue . there be plenty of pocket include a zippered one in the back that be not show here .
Bag	NEG	1	I get this for my husband and it be not all that great . he say they will have to greatly improve it before he would ever consider purchase another one .
Bag	NEG	2	I have have some problem with my unit . first , though , the good side ... I have be use this since July , 2006 , which have give I enough experience with the machine to write a credible review . the unit be powerful , without be unmanageable . it be light enough to be able to use on vertical surface and run relatively cool and quietly ... although I find that a set of noise cancel headphone help tremendously to reduce the racket . it also be design with a nice flat top , so the sander can be turn upside down and use to -lrb- carefully ! -rrb- hand sand small part and sharpen some tool . now , the not so good stuff ... the tracking control on my unit have to be adjust all the way over to one side to prevent the belt from work it be way off the two pulley . even at that point , where the knob can not turn any more , the belt run at a ~ 5 degree angle to the chassis . the graphite wear pad do indeed wear . quickly . I go through one for every five or six belt . this may be normal or due to the mistracking ... I would be in a better position to evaluate if I have one that track correctly for comparison . I have have problem with sand dust plug the inside of the sander ; once to the point that I have to completely dissemble it to clean it out . the optional Bosch exhaust hose -lrb- vac001 -rrb- that connect the sander to a Shop-Vac be make out of very thin ridged plastic and do not pass enough air through it to keep the Shop-Vac 's motor from rev up and whining . active exhaust certainly help clear the sand dust , but , without sufficient cool air , I be concerned about the impact on my Shop-Vac 's motor life . all in all , I be rating this sander as three star . I would be happier if the local Bosch repair shop tell I that the tracking be abnormal , but they say that it be ok ...
Bag	NEG	2	please pay attention to the one to three star rating . this dust collection bag only capture 50 % or less of the dust come off the Bosch table see . it be not really worth the money . the table see just do not build up enough air pressure to force much of the dust into the bag . a much better , although more expensive , solution be a shop vacuum connect to  the dust Deputy   the dust Deputy  great combination and a much cleaner work shop .
Bag	NEG	1	my bosch 1274dv have maybe 3-4 hour of use even though I have have it for 6-8 year . just not much into woodwork but when you need it you need it . I think a internal gear must have go out . no repair place except 110 mile away . not much use in put money into repair and have it do it again . very disappoint in the product .
Bag	POS	4	this be a great camera bag for the Canon PowerShot series of camera . I have the PowerShot a610 and it fit perfectly . the bag have a soft cushion lining to protect the camera and especially the lcd viewfinder . there be plenty of padding to protect the camera in case the bag be drop . the front-most compartment do indeed hold 4 aa battery nicely -lrb- dispite what other reviewer say -rrb- . there be even a middle pocket for a extra sd memory card -lrb- this pocket be big enough to hold the sd card it it be own plastic case -rrb- . the shoulder strap be nice and long and fully adjustable to make it long enough to drape across the body , or short enough to carry it on you shoulder with the bag tuck under you armpit . the belt loop be the best I have see on a camera case with a sturdy double velcro closure . I be a big fan of the Codura nylon that this bag be make of due to its durability and water repellency , but this bag even have a pullout water proof cover to protect the bag even more in wet weather . I guess the only thing prevent I from give this item 5 star be the front most pocket that hold the battery . when the bag be close , the battery be secure and snug , but when the bag be open , the battery sometimes fall out . this be not really a big deal , but it be worth mention . a easy fix be to simply tape up the battery with Scotch tape before put they in the bag , that way they stay together . I be originally go to buy the case make make by Canon specifically for this camera , but after read review on the Lowepro case I get it instead and I be glad I do . the Canon case be good and sturdy , but there be no room for battery and there be no padding to protect the camera be the case be drop .
Bag	NEU	3	well , I be really excite about get this bag , but when I receive it , I simply have to return it because my 15 `` laptop would not fit in the computer pouch . let I know when there be a messenger bag for I because I will buy it ! the bag look great , though . Perfect for a cyclist .
Bag	POS	5	I own the Kodak dc3400 digital camera , and can not say enough about this case . it have room for my battery charger , extra set of battery , all pc cable , Kodak 's software cd , and the manual that come with my camera .  if you digital camera be similar in size to Kodak 's dc3400 , get this bag . it be simply the best balance , between compact size - and have enough room for all you accessory .
Bag	POS	5	the pro 8 be one tough cookie . my goal in find a great gear bag be one that could hold 2 slr body and 3-4 lens , a flash and multiple other goody . the bag have to hold it securely , be weather resistant and have top-notch foam padding . i.e. build to last , so my camera gear would , too ! I shoot in all season , even winter in Minnesota . I can slip one or two of those neat little `` hand heater '' pad into the bag in the winter and the insulating quality of the pro 8 keep the gear warm . the opposite be true in summer or when you must leave you gear in the car during warm day . a `` cool pack '' in one of the spare compartment do the trick for keep thing at a reasonable temperature for hour . the detachable film bag go right from the fridge to the pro 8 quickly , or detach for inspection at airport in a snap . if you have one camera body and 1-2 lens , use the extra space for lunch ! the pro 8 be worth every penny .
Bag	POS	5	I buy 2 of these , for 2 set of cable , a normal pair and a large pair . after have to stuff the small set in one bag I look at the other set and say no way . -lrb- I be go to write a snarky review -rrb- after read other review , I decide to give it a try with the large set of cable - they fit , only just , but they fit . so ok fine . but this bag really should be a little bigger . as for my heavy extension cord , no way they be not fittin !
Bag	POS	4	this be my third Lowepro camera bag for all the other camera I have in the past and now . this look good and very well make inside and out . I buy this one in particular for my Canon SX210 be . I be look for something that would fit other thing like battery , memory card , usb cable , charger , lens clenaer , etc. . well , there be a separate compartment for the memory and battery . the main compartment be too big for my camera alone . I wish it have one of those divider with velcro that you can move around . my previous Lowepro 's have this on they . with this one , I can not put my other accessory as it might scratch my lcd . it be a very good camera bag , just make sure it be the right size for you camera . this camera would accomodate a small SLR camera .
Bag	POS	5	I snag one of these little bag a few year ago - at the time , it be include with a larger Bucket Boss bag as a promotion . when I visit the rifle range , I load the bag fairly heavily with ammunition , safety equipment , magazine , and a tripod . it be a very convenient way to keep my equipment organize , and the quality zipper and wire-rimmed opening at the top of the bag make access easy . the Bucket Boss Jr. be well build and easy to carry . if you be consider buy one , I highly recommend it !
Bag	POS	5	Unreal , get here quick in good condition and be just what I want . thank you
Bag	NEU	3	as mention in another review , the bag be a good bag . it be lighter than the McGuire Nicholas 24 '' bag , but it have only 3 covered pocket . first , the bag be a good bag . quite large . see product description for actual measurement . it have 3 covered exterior pocket with velcro secure they . 3 open fact pocket on the other side . on the interior , there be pocket on only one side , and they be flat-sewn to the backing . there be no bellowing or gusset . second , compare to the Mcguire 24 '' comparable model , the bucket boss be a little smaller , but lighter . the biggest difference be that the McGuire have more and larger interior pocket , 3 more covered exterior pocket , and be 10 $ cheaper .
Bag	NEU	3	purchase in August 2008 and use everyday for tv service call . be as it as use as such and not load heavily with tool I expect it would last 5 year or so at least . the plastic slide shoulder `` pad '' that slide freely on the shoulder strap give out last year . then , one of the shoulder strap tie point rip off . now , the metal `` frame '' around the mouth have start protrude through the fabric . I be expect more from something advertise as heavy duty . I have contact the company and will update if and when I get a response . in the meantime I have order a replacement , another Bucket Boss , the Super Gatemouth . it be not a bad product , just do not expect to get a `` lifetime '' of service , unless you idea of a lifetime be 3 year or so .
Bag	POS	5	I love this case it be tough and durable and can easily fit in suitcase and it have lot of pocket for roll of film and extra battery if you have to choose one fairly inexpensive case I would choose ti one
Bag	POS	5	although I do not really have tool to put in this bag , I feel it can serve really well to put a lot of music equipment in like cable , pedal , etc. . I have not get to test it out yet , but I be sure I will use it soon . great bag consider I pay $ 12 for this bag and all other cool tool .
Bag	NEG	2	this bag have enough space for still , video camera , a small compact tripod , power charge cord and all other cord , minus dv . however the outer look and quality of the bag be same as any other bag which you can buy under $ 10 . Bieng samsonite brand I have expect to have outstanding look and outer finish . however it be just a ordinary quality bag which you can pick up in wall mart for lot less price .
Bag	POS	5	after look at several review for belt sander , this one be always at the top of the list and have great review to boot . I put it to work right out of the box and have use four belt on it with no adjustment at all . it be easy to install a belt and the bag do a good job of pick up sawdust and it make it pretty fast . it be heavy , but that help with the task at hand . just be sure to hold on to this thing . it will not slow down when the go get rough , it just power right through to the end . my local orange box store do not carry it , but they do rent they and the only thing remotely negative they have to say be when it run over the cord , it eat it . the cost of rent it over several day verse buy it be a no brainer . this will be my go to sander for all my big job .
Bag	NEG	1	the picture clearly show tool and cable in multiple picture . no where do it state that these item be not include . no where do it state that you be purchase the bag only . bag might be nice but not without the tool and cable . will have to return this .
Bag	POS	5	this be the second bag I have own , and it be great . I look at a lot of bag and this be easily the best one . I have a 35mm camera , three lens , flash , lens doubler , and other accessory . I be able to fit everything in it with some room to spare . the bag be durable , light weight , and the construction be top notch . there be plenty of protection for you gear - lot of foam and the bottom be hard under the foam to protect against penetration from underneath . get to you gear be easy with the single front clip , yet you can make also make it more secure with the zipper . all zipper be cover for protection from dirt . even fully load the bag be easy to carry with either the handle or shoulder strap . I be very pleased with this bag and definitely recommend it .
Bag	POS	5	track excellent even on it be back . can run the belt right to the edge for tight corner . recommend despite the price .
Bag	NEU	3	I have the Skil version of this sander -lrb- make by Bosch -rrb- . it work great for a few year . dust collection bag out of the way . fit in tight place . but then the plastic lever to change the belt become weak and eventually flap around . finally I could not change the belt . so I take it apart and tighten it . then it get loose again . so I send it to Bosch service for repair . ask Bosch to put on a new lever , straighten the tracking , and put new bearing in it while it be there . cost over $ 50 to repair . when it come back the lever work again but still flop around . it track lousy , and the bearing be not change . -- no better than my own tightening . so I toss the sander on the junk pile and buy a Porter Cable . Porter Cable dust bag be in the way all the time , so I do miss this sander sometimes . I like the fact it work on a table flip over . maybe the belt change lever be better now ??
Bag	POS	4	this be a quality bag and fully capable of hold long jumper cable . I purchase a 4 gauge - 16ft jumper cable set and this little bag can handle it and more . I like this bag because it be quality be excellent and there be enough room to truly carry any length of jumper cable and even some small handtool inside . the only negative be that its handle be kind of `` cheesy '' and could be make with a little more heft to they . this should not keep one from buy this product because this bag be build to last - probably take it to my grave . overall , I like it and think it would be a most excellent and practical gift for anyone . I give this a four-star rating because I just do not like the `` cheesy '' look and feel of the handle .
Bag	POS	5	the great advantage of this bag be that the entire top unzip -lrb- it be actually a double run zipper which give you a wide storage space while everything stay in place -rrb- . it be great for my movie camera so I get another one for my digital still camera . I can keep 20 minus cd plus mark pen , extra battery and charger , and my bulky but essential viewing hood . when the bag open you can see everything , place everything , and when it close everything stay in place . after a year I have decide the design be probably the most convienent I have use in 30 yr .
Bag	POS	5	after my other set of Jumper Cables go out . I buy the biggest set I could find , 20 Foot 2-Gauge Professional Jumper Cables and these be not cheap !!! I start to look for a bag to store these in , so I could keep they nice and like new . I find this one on Amazon and get it in . just Roll the Cables up , good and tight and have no problem put they in . bag be sturdy enough to keep they like new for many year to come . I highly recommend this bag !!!!!!!!!!
Bag	POS	4	worth the money but dont think you can use table see inside without make a mess . I love the Bosch 4100 table see I have and this do cut down on a large amount of sawdust blow everywhere
Bag	POS	4	the product be exactly as discribed , but i realize my hop vac fit there too -lrb- nice job Bosch -rrb- . so I have never use the bag . if you do not have a standard shop vac , well worth the money to help keep thing clean .
Bag	POS	5	I find this case to be everything I want and at a good price . plenty of storage room and well build . I be look to buy another camera and this case will work out great .
Bag	POS	5	I use Bucket Boss Jumper Cable bag to store my  Coleman Cable 08660 heavy-duty 4-gauge auto Battery Booster Cables with Polar Glo-Watt Clamps -lrb- 20 Feet -rrb-  it be a affordable purchase that organize twenty foot of heavy duty jumper cable spaghetti and stop it from take over my car 's trunk . I would recommend this bag for anyone who want to neatly store a set of jumper cable in they car .
Bag	POS	4	I be a graduate student with a daily commute on a train , and Ihave find this bag really useful to schlepp a lot of different-sizedcrap -- book , water bottle , apple , usual girl paraphernalia , book , notebook , pen , etc. . I have never carry both my laptop and book at the same time , but I think it would be possible without break my back . the padded laptop `` envelope '' be definitely the best feature . most of the time , however , I use it to keep my small stuff from roam around the bag . contrary to Eddie 's review , this \* be \* a comfortable bag if you carry it on you shoulder . it be too big to carry with you hand unless you be Wilt Chamberlin-sized or just have really short arm . -lrb- the strap be not pad , but somehow they seem to work just fine . -rrb- it be also slightly more staid-looking than the picture would lead you to believe . the bag seem durable , but I would not predict more than a 3-5 year lifespan . I tend to change bag frequently -- always look for the perfect book bag that will solve all of my problem -- and have be really happy with it . I would highly recommend it -- and not just because it have a spiffy Amazon.com logo on it .
Bag	POS	5	finally find a bag that will fit my 20 ft water hose , along with a 30 foot flat hose for my rv , as well as a 3ft hose . no kid it all fit . it will also hold various tool in a divide compartment that I need when I hook up to a water source . I be also order another to hold my 50 amp rv electrical cable . it will hold that along with a 30 to a 15 amp adapter and a 20 ft. length of 15 amp extension cord . all of the hose and electrical cord need to be neatly roll up , of course , but I be already do that anyway .
Bag	POS	5	I recently purchase the Makita 9403 after much contemplation . my concern be the price verse other belt sander . ultimately I find a good deal on the 9403 online which make it only 30 dollar or so more than comparable model by dewalt , porter cable , etc. . I feel the extra money be worth the extra amp in power -lrb- about 4 -rrb- . I be surprise at the weight of the machine , the quietness , and overall power . I test it on some rough-cut cedar scrap I have lie around . in only a couple of seconds it have it completely smooth . it would have take my old Black and Decker a couple of minute to do what the makita do in only a few seconds . my only complaint be that it do not come with a carry case for storage like almost all other good power tool you buy these day . and , in reality it be too much sander for a lot of job . more power be not always the answer , but if you need it , this sander deliver .
Bag	POS	5	I need a big enough case to fit my 25 ' 2ga booster cable in and this case fill the bill . it be construct very well and should last for many many year . I also buy 2 more afterwards to put some rv 30amp extension cord in and the case be big enough to fit they . nice product .
Bag	POS	4	this camera case from Samsonite be one of the best camera case for digital camera or slr camera . it be lightweight , sturdy , and waterproof . the pouch be not too big , so you plan on stuff all kind of accessory , think again . the inside major compartment be also not too big . but for a simple , reliable case to safely house you camera , this be a excellent case .
Bag	POS	4	it be really well do and it fit we Canon a640 like a glove . I just will not give it a 5 star because there be nothing innovative about it .
Bag	NEG	2	look cheap , will not fit my 28-200mm zoom lens or even the kit lens with the hood attach . the zipper break the first week I have it and there be not enough padding to protect the camera .
Bag	NEG	2	this bag have lot of pocket for battery , cord , and memory card , and plenty of room for my Olympus C-4000 camera . unfortunately , within 3 month of purchase it , the attach handle begin to tear , and I can only use the include longer strap .
Bag	POS	5	I just purchase one of these bag for myself , and like it so much that I order another as a high school graduation gift for the girl next door who be take she car to college next year . I have she initial embroider on the outside , and fill the bag with jumper cable , fix-a-flat , hand-crank flashlight , etc. . it might not seem like a very exciting graduation gift , but she like it and will like it even more if she ever have car trouble .
Bag	POS	5	as a life long woodworker , I have own many belt sander and all I can say about this BIG baby be you have better keep it move . the material removal be fantastic and it do the work because of it perfect balance and pretty heavy weight . the weight be not that much of a factor because all you have to do be stear it . the dust collection system work better than any sander I have ever have , that bag be fill very quickly with fine dust . it be important to be mindful when sand because like I say staying in one place to long can quickly leave a indentation . I read all the reveiw on this one and the smaller one and have to say it be a very hard choice but as one reveiw say `` what do you want a variable speed for we be here with this sander to get the material off as fast as possible and that mean run she full out , of coarse with decient sand quality '' well THIS MACHINE do that-no reget on the weight matter or ANY THING ELSE . I be sure the lighter one be a good machine and if I be go to do alot of wall or overhead sanding , the weight matter would be a much bigger factor . buy the way , what they say about the noise level of this machine be true . it be unbelievably quite for the punch it pack . I do not hesitate to give this machine a well deserve 5 with all the experiance I have have with other sander .
Bag	NEG	2	the 4000k must rank way up there with the world 's greatest sawdust disperse tool . my dust Collector be try and fail . it be now gather dust -lrb- pun intend -rrb- . it be a nice thing to look at and seem to fit ok , but you would not want to depend on it . I can not be certain with actual efficiency rating , but I would be shock if you could prove it capture even half the sawdust . get a REAL dust extractor with enough vacuum to suck the paint off the tablesaw stand , and you will be sure to collect 90 % of the saw 's by-product . the other 10 % will be up you nose unless you wear a paper mask . : - -rrb- but real man eat sawdust , do not they ?
Bag	POS	5	this be a excellent tool that fit comfortably in you hand . it remove material efficiently and be easy to control . the belt tracking system work better than any other I have use . since it be light weight -lrb- for a belt sander -rrb- , it will not wear you out like most other unit . the inline design allow you to easily get into tight space and unlike many sander , the dust collection system really work . it be make in Switzerland and the result quality be obvious .
Bag	POS	5	great tool , like all of the other Bosh power tool I own , I be not disappoint with this one .
Bag	POS	5	that be right folk , this bag be in fact better than those make by Canon . I recently purchase a Canon a20 digicam as a backup for my Canon S100 Elph . both be excellent cam . I buy the Canon PSC100 bag for the Elph , and though it fit like a glove , and retain the slick elph form , it have no protection , little storage space , or extra . if you drop the bag , even on the carpet , you be do for . and do I mention there be no special cloth material to protect the lcd screen ?  now for the LowePro bag . this baby 's awesome ! it have enough compartment to store 8 extra aa battery & 1 extra cf card , or 4 extra aa battery & 3 extra cf card . plus , the material hug the digicam 's very plush , create a warm and protective feeling . and there be also something special in the back . you can actually pull out a nylon hood to cover the bag on a rainy day . they think of everything . excellent work LowePro .  highly recommend for any digicam ... just find one that fit you cam 's dimension .
Bag	NEG	2	Bosch 1274dv 6.6 amp 3-inch by 21-inch variable speed In-Line Belt Sander with Cloth dust bag  several of my favorite tool be Bosch so we start out on good term . however the dust collector plug up early on and I could not get it to work again . then the tracking quit adjusting . finally it just stop in the middle of sand a big table top , maybe overheate ? it be in the trash and I return to my tired old Makita .
Bag	NEU	3	I have own a number of bucketboss product and I generally like they . this item be just on the ok side . it be make of the same material as other Gatemouth bag so it be pretty tough , but it be functionality be low for I . it do not have enough pocket and the one it have be not all that big . even the main compartment seem small , I can not fit my drill in there , much less charger and battery . this bag do not come with a strap or even hook to fit a strap on it . grant , I should have study the picture closer which do not show any of these . this be not the bag for carry around too long . if you need a bag to put small tool in for home repair , this be the one for you . for anything else , upgrade .
Bag	POS	5	I take this bag on vacation and I love it ! it be lightweight , sturdy and compact . it be the ideal bag if you be just bring you camera and a single lens . the interior be pad and waterproof . the bag be not bulky at all . I recommend this bag highly if you do not carry alot of equipment around .
Bag	POS	4	I do not like briefcase and I would rather use my backpack for hike .  i use the messenger bag for work all the time . I have not use it on my bike but it be extremely comfortable . I carry my laptop , PDA , and file with I . there be plenty of pocket . do not overstuff it or else you will have a hard time close it and carry it around .  it have a quality feel and the stitching be very good . the flap be waterproof and have a strap to mount a blinking lead bike light . the laptop holder be pad and have a clip strap to keep it from fall out . the cellphone pocket be a little small . it have a nice key clip but my key jingle a lot when I use it . the outer drink holder work well for pop can and water bottle .  I wish it have a additional hand carry strap but so far I can live without it .
Bag	POS	5	this bag be perfect for the Sony trv series of digital camcorder . I be able to fit all accessory plus two spare tape in the very convenient lid compartment . this include the ac\/dc power cord and charger , the remote control , the a-v cable and the documentation that come with the camera . this bag be rugged , good look , and provide excellent padded protection in the camera compartment . a must have !
Bag	POS	5	I be unsure that this case would fit my Sony Mavica fd90 because the only dimension I could find be a little smaller than the camera . I order it anyway as a carry case for the camera and a few floppy just on short trip , instead of the case in which I carry all the cable , battery charger , etc. . this case be perfect even if a little snug because of the lens protrude . the inside pocket give great protection for the camera , and the zip-down front be perfect for the floppy , and maybe even a extra battery ... or a personal item or two . I be glad I trust -lrb- the website -rrb- ... to come through again . they be right as always .
Bag	POS	5	I 'll be honest , this be my first belt sander , but I love it . I take the recommendation of some of the other reviewer , and I could not agree more . the sander be easy to use out of the box , and be a smooth-running , well-designed tool . the variable speed switch be very nice , and add considerably to the user 's control . I have not yet do any heavy duty sanding , but for finish work the dust collection seem to work well . five star for Bosch on this one .
Bag	POS	5	this sander replace a old craftsman sander that die . the Bosch be lighter and easier to use in tight spot such as rafter cutout on beam . there be enough power to lean on it without stall when sand tough knot on big beam . hard to go wrong with a Bosch tool .
Bag	POS	5	almost buy the variable speed but less powerful cousin . glad I do not . this unit work great . it be heavy so you will not want to do much vertical or overhead work . one reviewr comment that it wear out he worker and I can see why . a hour be the must I can go without a break . but you can get a lot of sand do in a hr with this tool . much quieter than my old Sears unit . dust collector work surprisingly well -lrb- but I wish they offer a vac attachment becasue at the rate this unit remove material you will have to empty bag every 10 min or sooner . probably 3 time faster than my 3 '' Sears and more stable with 4 '' footprint . my past tool have be Bosch , Milwaukee , and Dewalt . but I buy Makita 's top of line 18v saw and drill and be very impressed . buy this base on that experience and great review . very satisfy .
Bag	POS	5	this product be of very impressive quality and the price be certainly right . its designer obviously put a lot of time and think into the final product . I have no idea that I could put it to so many productive use . this be a winner !
Bag	POS	5	excellent tool . very maneuverable . attachment make it versatile . noise level be good . Belt tracking adjustment be accurate . the knuckle guard portion of the handle seem a little skimpy but it have not create any problem . boxy design allow you to lie the tool on its back and use it to sharpen chisel and scraper . the graphite platen get hot after extend use but the tool have not overheate . I would recommend this sander to anyone that be consider a 3 x 21 .
Bag	NEG	2	I have not compare this to a lot of bag but I find it heavy and uncomfortable to want to carry those few thing on a daily level -lrb- I end up use a side bag instead -rrb- and it be a bit small to have a as a go-to bag for project outside of the shop . the pocket be also too small to be helpful . I have stab under my fingernail a few time look for bit , screw , pen and the like .
Bag	POS	5	I just buy this bag for the Canon Powershot g2 ... though another reviewer make a excellent point in say that apart from battery and 1 or 2 extra memory card it will not fit much accesory , the main reason I buy this bag be for optimal protection of the camera itself , and only secondly for transportation ... other point : the opening be nice and large , though not in a way that the camera might fall out ... with this design I think it will be easy to get the camera out when you need to .  the material look and feel excellent . the inside material be very soft and padded for excellent protection of the camera .  one of the crucial thing to I to choose this bag be the All Weather Cover . a ` jacket ' that be nicely tuck away in the bottom-back of the camera , that you can pull out and nicely fit around the front and side of the bag . it may seem a little tight -lrb- it have a elastic part on the top -rrb- but think about it : the looser it 'll fit , the less weather protection it will offer .  a very nice bag for a very reasonable price ...
Bag	POS	5	hold both my video camera , and two regular camera . lot of pocket for all the gear , and sd card with empty flag . all the compartment be adjustable to fit you gear . get it !
Bag	POS	5	nice padding all around for you camera and I like how the whole opening zip up . have not need the all weather cover yet , but it seem like a good idea . good quality case !
Bag	POS	5	for sort out screw -lrb- different size -rrb- , nail , wire nut , bit , bolt , rivet or anything you have lay around the house loose . I have 3 of these and they be perfect for what they do . though kind of heavy when full , they have the strap in the middle which make they easier to carry and a loose string to pull to tighten they up when there not that full . for the Handyman , they be excellent to have . you can store just about anything in they . you will appreciate the bucket boss !
Bag	POS	5	easily hold my canon elan 7 and rebel 2000 camera , along with speedlite and 3 -lrb- 1 telephoto zoom -rrb- lens . ample room to spare . compartment hold accessory and room for load of film . very well construct . would be a good deal at full price - a steal at reduce price .
Bag	POS	5	I really love this bag . it hold everything and be really heavy duty . I have a canon 20 d , 30d , two ex 580ius 's , canon 70-200 2.8 l , canon 24-70 2.8 l , 50 mm 1.8 , sekonic meter , all my owner manual , notebook , ton of extra battery and charger , rain jacket , 4 cf card , with room to spare . at one time , I also carry my holga too . highly recommend .
Bag	POS	5	this be one of the most versatile ap and digital camera case that I have encounter . it be very small and very light , yet it have 3 pocket with generous space for glass and other similarly-sized item and a film pouch that allow for very easy access . the case can be strap to the belt or use with shoulder strap and there be even a special strap for key . this be a absolutely great bag for camera .
Bag	NEG	2	while a great concept , this dust collection bag prove of little worth to my dust collection effort . I find that hook my shop vac up to the dust ejection port on the back of my Bosch table saw be infinitely better than this bag , which only collect about 50-60 % of the sawdust
Bag	POS	5	I love it and my co-worker be admire it today . the price be right , it zip up on top and be just a great all around tote !
Bag	POS	5	a fantastic camera at a unbelievable price . I have take picture throughtout Europe , Australia and New zealand in all kind of weather and light condition with always the same excellent result . a great camera to take take on a hurry up and keep move tour . it take wonderful landscape , animal and people picture . even do well from a move boat or car . the auto focus be incredible . just point and shoot , the camera will lock on focus . we be now off to South America .
Bag	POS	5	every pocket , zipper , seam , and stitch be flawless . I turn the bag inside out and could not find a loose thread . Quality : this company be obviously commit to high quality since heavy fabric and good zipper be among the feature I find . design : for battery cable , simple tool , map , etc. this bag have be think out and well design for my purpose .
Bag	POS	5	the bag be strongly make and provide a good compact way to maintain order when carry around you jumper cable for that time when you or someone else may need a jump . it appear it should last for a long time and that be what be important to I .
Bag	POS	5	my new Amazon.com tote bag be perfect for a single day business trip . it fit my laptop -lrb- in a cushion case , thank goodness -rrb- and have plenty of compartment for keep track of receipt and airline ticket . I never feel so organize .
Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag and use it for my commute back and forth to work . I can not believe how much this bag hold and I like the storage pocket and zippered area . it allow I to bring the necessity that I truly need to and from work .
Bag	NEU	3	like everyone else I do all the research and read the review . I want this `` style '' bag , not a sling or a backpack or a holster , just a traditional shoulder bag that could hold two rebel xt with the normal 18-55 lens attach . so it come down to the KATA ws604 , the KATA sb904 , the Lowepro Magnum AW , the Tamrac 5608 and the Tamrac 5612 . dimension be all within 2 '' and price -lrb- on Amazon -rrb- vary from $ 100 for the Tamrac 5608 to $ 180 for the Lowepro . so I decide to try the smallest of the group - the Tamrac 5608 and it will not confortably hold 2 rebel xt with they 18-55 lens attach -lrb- one have a lens hood -rrb- . the front of the lens will bump each other in the middle of the case . and it would have be very difficult to arrange and access all of my other ` stuf ' with the two camera take up so much of the top area of the case . aside from that , it appear to be a strong , well make bag so I opt to spend another $ 35 and go for the Tamrac 5612 and I be damn glad I do . camera lens do not bump , enough space for all my ` stuf ' and easy access to everything . check out my review under that product for more detail .
Bag	POS	5	after own this wonderful roomy tote bag , I never use any other pocketbook I own ! it have the padded compartment inside -lrb- for a laptop -rrb- , but I use it to store bottled drink and snack to bring to work ... and sometimes my 6 year old 's toy when travel . I use the mesh pocket inside also . I store my pillbox inside and it be easy access for you lipstick . I have bang it around for almost a year now and it look brand new ! the outside zippered pocket be big enough for my eyeglass case and cell phone . I be buy 3 more for Christmas present !
Bag	POS	4	great bag for protect and keep you Jumper Cables Clean and neat . really handy if you own average Jumper cable you pick up at the big Box Stores . but if you own a commercial set -lrb- 2 gauge -rrb- the bag be a little bit of a tight fit . great construction , build very strong and sturdy . you cant go wrong with this bag !!
Bag	NEU	3	this product be make well enough , but have a really bad flaw . the lens go in first ahead of the camera body make the bag top heavy particularly if you use a lens that be taller in size than the 18-55 mm standard lens . this mean that if you pull this bag off you shoulder and have not zip the camera into the case , but rely on velcro only , the case might flip upside down and dump you camera on the ground . this happen to I . if you be discipline enough to be sure to zip the case before take it off you shoulder , or to hold the case in one hand while take off you shoulder , then this be ok , otherwise do not buy it .
Bag	POS	5	sanded lot of beam with this and work like a champ . quiet and smooth running . recommend !
Bag	POS	5	I be very pleased with this product . it be as advertise . well make , well think out , sturdy and good color for a man . Bucket Boss have do a good job of see a need and fill it . this make a excellent gift .
Bag	POS	5	like the durability of the bag , BOUGHT A YEAR AGO ACTUALLY and HAVE USED IT ALOT , just now review it . have stand up to lot of wear and tear without give out . a good OVERALL CAMCORDER BAG for OUTDOORS and travel .
Bag	POS	5	this be a great quality bag if you can get it for under ten dollar . nice , light-weight , utility bag .
Bag	POS	5	just receive the bucket boss bag two day ago about to put it to the test . I buy this bag because the one I have be too small for all my tool this one be bigger . the material feel pretty strong like the three pouch on the front and strap for level on outside be very cool but I be gonna use they for lopper or collapsible rake . so far the bag be great will update if it fall apart .
Bag	NEU	3	just a note : if you buy Nikon 900 series Digital Camera , do not buy this carry case . it be too samll . you will end up send it back . but overall , this be a nice carry case . it look and feel like leather . it include 2 accessory panel to hold spare battery and memory card .
Bag	NEG	1	so far as I can tell , there be no problem with the camera case , but it be too big for the PowerShot s100 , and not big enough to hold the camera and charger . I be return one I recieve as a gift -- this could be the perfect case for another camera .
Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely well-designed and well-built sander . change the belt could not be easier . the speed control be simple to adjust , and be variable by the amount of tension place on the trigger .  this sander feel great out of the box , sand flat and be smooth-running . I do heavy duty sanding , and this be the tool for the job . if I could I would give more than five star for Bosch tool . I highly recommend it .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy the Tamrac 5608 pro 8 because it easily hold hold two pro size slr body -lrb- Nikon f3 with short-ish lens and the 8 aa battery power md4 motor drive attach -rrb- and 4 additional lens , but its active career in my ` photo-arsenal ' be short live .  my main gripe with this bag be with the seam use to join the bag to the main zipper -lrb- it be not tape over and will lead to inevitable fraying and zipper jam -rrb- and the tripod holder be a complete joke -lrb- only good for the very lightest duty tripod -rrb- . if you have a bunch of filter , you will need to get a wallet-style holder to hold they safely and securely .  for the price , this bag be quite the bargain as comparable product will set you back at least twice as much - but in retrospect I think I should have shell out more in the beginning . I end up trade up to a LowePro backpack .
Bag	POS	5	great bag , exactly what I be look for . I like it enough to purchase two .
Bag	POS	5	purchase this for my son to keep in he truck under the seat . it arrive quickly and look just like the picture . very happy !
Bag	NEU	3	this be a great quality bag with lot of storage , but if all you want be a simple bag to hold a single camera then it be probably not the bag for you . there be so much interior space that most digital camera would just bounce around . I be use it as a purse ; it hold my battery charger , fujus 4700 , wallet , charger cable , sunglass , cell phone and additional memory card and disk well , but I 'll get another smaller bag for when I only want my camera . unless you have get a huge camera or a million accessory I recommend a smaller bag .
Bag	NEU	3	I do its job , keep the dust off the machine . it be a little tight for the machine . you have to collapse the detector in order to squeeze it into this bag . there be a couple pocket to put you ear bud in . I purchase a additional utility bag to keep spare battery , glove , belt , recovery pouch , pointer , bug spray etc. to grab when use the machine . I only use this for winter storage .
Bag	NEG	2	pro : it be light weight make it good for vertical or overhead sanding . dust collection be good as long as it be not clog . con : switch quit work after 3 month , under warranty i should have have it replace , instead I think the same thing would happen again since it be the dust from sand , so I install a toggle switch instead . variable speed make little difference to speed , I bring it in for service think it be defective , no it be fine . dust exhaust clog easily and be hard to clean out . Belt removal be difficult , just make sure you do you bench curl everyday . Motor will not hold up to heavy pressure . would help if front handle removal be tool free . Summary : the most overrated tool on Amazon .
Bag	NEU	3	buy this after work with a similarly design model by Ryobi . be partly happy with the Ryobi -lrb- which have poor dust collection -rrb- but it finally die , and the Bosch get much better review . try the Makita with self tracking first but the platen pad be too wide , about a half inch on each side of the belt to sand the uneven board of a deck or get close to a wall . the makita be very nice and the dust collection be excellent , but I just could not bear the design . I have high hope for the Bosch , and it seem well make . unfortunately the graphite pad wear away in spot in less than a half hour , and finally tear when the belt snag on it . at $ 12 each I think I 'll stay away from that trap . try use it without the graphite pad but during the first hour of use with 40 grit belt it clog three time and could only be clean out with compress air interrupt the whole routine . also seem to go through belt too quickly and be a tiny bit underpowered . the fein vacuum work well for this application though . overall I do not think anyone have a good enough tool out there yet , and all these model seem to be 10 year old as of 2010 .
Bag	POS	4	I look at both the smaller bag and this one and for the money I would purchase the larger size . the smaller one be quite a bit smaller and most people would be dissapoint .
Bag	NEG	1	never even have to take it out of the bag . one review state he fit he # 2 gage jumper in this ' I would sure like to ask he how . this bag be SMALL . I have a heavy duty set of cable in my f-350 and it be not even close to fitting . a standard size set could fit ? this be go back to Amazon . advise - roll you cable up and measure diameter and height of the roll .
Bag	POS	4	this bag appear vey sturdy and handy . as a quick carrier for a tool source for do fix up , this carrier will serve very nicely when the household repair and installation be require . as a free gift with another discounted product I purchase the price be right .
Bag	POS	5	this bag can hold just about everything : camera , cord , memery card , and disc . it have a zip down pocket in the front with 3 mesh pocket . the only thing I think it need be a hand strap .
Bag	POS	4	this camera bag be great . it be big enough to hold 2 body , and several lens ; yet the bag remain light weight . it also have plenty of storage compartment for extra gear and film .
Bag	POS	5	great way to carry a good mix of tool around
Bag	NEG	2	I pick up this bag when I purchase the Bosch 4000 table saw . I be hope to avoid use a vaccuum attachment on the job site . I quickly find that if I be serious about contain saw dust , I have to ditch this collection bag . it collect maybe half the dust , if that . if you have the power to run both the saw and a vaccuum attachment , do it , and leave the bag for when you can work outside or you can unplug the saw and vaccuum up the mess .
Bag	POS	5	after purchase my first camcorder , the next thing be to pick up a nice case to keep my investment safe . my initial reason for purchase this bag , be because of the Samsonite name . however , once I receive the bag my pleasure go beyond the name . besides a numerous amount of pocket space to hold all you extra goody , the main compartment have a adjustable velcro divider that hold you camera snug while you be on the go . a feature that the description above fail to mention . overall it be a great case for anyone look to store they camcorder in a safe place .
Bag	POS	5	I do not expect to ever have to buy another backpack\/briefcase again . this hold my Handspring Visor , cellphone , wallet contents , car stereo face , document , and several book , and I hardly know it be there . much more comfortable than any backback I have ever own -lrb- with more pocket -rrb- and free up both hand for other thing , unlike a briefcase . the drink pocket keep a water\/soda bottle secure and easily accessible , and I get compliment on the way it look all the time .
Bag	POS	5	I have keep my Canon Powershot g2 , speedlite 420ex , extra set of 4 aa 's for the Speedlite , and a couple of extra cf card in this bag for about a year now . Works great ... although there be time when I would also like to put more accessory in it -lrb- charger , lens cleaner , etc -rrb- and there be not enough room , so I may be move up to a larger lowepro or Tamrac bag soon . the bag be nicely pad and soft -lrb- the `` non-scratch '' lining be important for digicam with unprotected lcd screen , but be not a issue for a g2 -rrb- .
Bag	NEU	3	I buy this along with a pair of jumper cable -lrb- fall for the old `` customer who view you item also buy '' trick -rrb- . the bag be nice enough , but realistically not worth the price . I do not understand why everyone give this 5 star . if I be walk through a physical store and see this on the shelf for $ 7.99 , there be not a chance I would have buy it . for the $ 12.79 price on Amazon and the extremely high review , I figure this would be very thick canvas -lrb- unbreakable ? -rrb- . instead , this have the feel that you could rip it apart with you bare hand if you really want to . oh well , nice enough , I guess .
Bag	POS	5	a great organizer I use at work everyday . hard to find online - a gem .
Bag	POS	5	it be great ! I carry my Nikon digital SLR W\/extra lens , battery & charger , my camcorder w\/extra battery & charger , Garmin Nuvi & auto accessory , iPod & accessory and the manual for they and still have room to spare . one draw back be it be just a little big , but look what it can carry - safely .
Bag	POS	5	I get this pouch last night and I be already sure that I amgo to love it . the pocket be nicely proportion and the qualityappear to be solid . the only thing I wish for be another hammer loop . I suggest this pouch for anyone who hate front tool belt , -lrb- like I -rrb- but want multiple pocket . end
