Domain	Label	Rating	Review
CableModem	POS	5	Works well with Time Warner . would get rid of Time Warner if I could but its the only game in town for cable internet . Got rid of all they other service .
CableModem	POS	5	I love the performance of the Motorola SBR121 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 I be finally not pay for lease to cable company for use of they router . I recommend this product .
CableModem	NEG	1	we subscribe to Comcast high speed internet service and have enjoy it far more than we battle with Verizon . we have a Motorola modem before and it work great for a couple of year - until Friday , June 15th , we could not get a connection for any longer than 30-45 seconds before the modem would restart itself over and over and over . the service rep at Comcast infer that we must have a bad modem so we buy a brand new Motorola Surfboard 6121 and we have the same problem ! we bring out the Comcast technician who test the line and assure we that the line be good but the modem be not work right . so I get a second new Surfboard 6121 modem and that do not work either !! we daughter , who also have Comcast , tell we that they have a Arris 7640 modem and so we order that . the Arris modem come and presto , it work . I always think that Motorola be a excellent modem but , for some reason , they be not compatible with Comcast in Massachusetts . good luck - I know how frustrate it be .
CableModem	POS	5	very easy to install . you have to contact the internet provider with the new MAC number on the modem before you disconnect the old modem . once the provider update the system , just replace the old with the new , connect the cable -lrb- power , cable , ethernet to router or computer -rrb- and do . no software to install or configure . I have this modem work for about 3 week now , without any loss of service . before I have a 3 generation -lrb- docsis 1.0 -rrb- old Cisco Linksys and I have frequent disconnect and have to reboot the modem once\/twice a day . I have this modem match to a CISCO e3200 wireless router and they work great together . highly recommend this modem . the seller service be great too .
CableModem	POS	5	get a letter from Comcast say I need a new docsis3 .0 modem , so I look up what be a good one and this one come up ! very easy to setup , just call COMCAST FIRST ! I try a few time to do the automatic setup , but Comcast do not let you do it . it keep reset it every 3 minute or so , so it look like you can set it up and then it fail ... so just call Comcast -lrb- or you provider -rrb- and it work great ! use this with a Linksys ea3500 and it be a vast improvement over my old modem\/access point .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this Motorola SB6121 Modem to replace a old sb5100 Cable modem . while the seller I purchase from turn out to be a total scam , Amazon make good with a full refund . this modem really be fast !! I have cox Cable Preferred service which guarantee 15mbp download , and I get consistant 20 + mbp on any test site I use . Works great . if you need a cable modem , this be the one to get .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy the 6121 to replace the 6020 that I be rent from Comcast for $ 7 a month . I have have no problem with it in 3 month of use - work just as well as the 6020 . it do not get `` overly warm '' & have not need to be reset . perhaps other user have get a defective product .
CableModem	POS	5	hook it up and only take about 5 min for the firmware to install . go from 12 mb which be what im pay for to 16 . Becareful if you have comcast . after 5 seond after give the serial to the comcast rep she tell I that she wasnt get a signal and I need to send this modem back and keep theirs . I tell she she didnt even let it boot up but she didnt care . after the firmware install it come up and work right away . call again to have they pick up the old modem and they still say the modem wasnt give a signal even though I be on the web while on the phone . they will lie to you and ignore you to keep you pay the rental fee . now they will not pick it up with out I pay some bull % $ # @ fee . now im look for cable box to buy because I have have it with comcast . back to the point . so far so good .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem so that I could rid of the $ 7 monthly rent . it get provision fine but keep on get reset every now and then . in two day time it have be reset on its own like 5-6 time . I buy this modem instead of Motorola surfboard as I already have a Linksys wrt54g2 router but look like cisco modem be not even compatible with they own router . I have try so many time to hook up this modem with the router but no use . I want to save $ 7 rent but look like that cause I a whole lot of pain and if i continue to use this modem I might have to buy a compatible router worth around $ 60 - $ 70 . so look like to save $ 7 \/ month I be spend $ 170 - $ 180 upfront which do not sound good . I be gonna return this modem today . definitely will not recommend it to use with Comcast .
CableModem	NEU	3	Easy installation and work great . my 2 complaint be ; 1 . it be really expensive 2 . the range be not great I have get a 6 year old linksy that consistently have a better signal throughout the house . if you need a cable modem\/router unit , this be good . if you need a cable modem\/router unit that have great range , look elsewhere .
CableModem	POS	5	I simply replace my rr modem with this one and power it up . the speed be cripple and when I try to bring up a web page , I be present with a message `` you MAC address be unknown , please call twc\/roadrunner and give the Agent the new MAC address '' . I call the number give and after 10 minute get ahold of a technician who take the new MAC address and assign it to my account . within a few moment the modem disconnect . I unplug it and plug it back in , and when it come up , I be at full speed again . my d\/l speed go from 8mb to 11mb and my ping drop from 39m to 21 ms.
CableModem	POS	5	if you need a solid no-frills cable modem that can keep pace with technology and be affordable , this DOCSIS 3.0 modem be the ticket . there be no firewall or other crap that need to be configure . it simply create a ethernet connection to the cable system . thus , you will need a router\/firewall of some kind . it work and work well . very reliable . I wish my router be as reliable as this modem be .
CableModem	POS	4	I need a reliable modem so I can work from home . buy modem be not exciting by any measure , but this one get the job do .
CableModem	POS	5	it seem faster but not consistently . upload seem to rate faster than before . I have reach speed that I do not have before on the free internet speed test website -lrb- try the usual trio -rrb- . I have Comcast . this model be accept by they . they do not support all model . you need to call they to make it work and give they the sn and some other number on the box -lrb- the sn be on the unit , but not the other number so you really need to keep the box when you call they -rrb- . after the call , it work fine . Make sure you phone be not VOIP or else you 'll need to call they first I assume . so it be faster , but not a huge different on a daily basis , except if you have dropbox or thing like that that can take a lot of time to upload -lrb- the file ... especially if it be gb -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be great . I get a average of 36mbit down and 6mbit up with Comcast blast . on my old modem I get around 15mbit down and 3-4mbit up
CableModem	POS	5	it be easy to setup . it improve my speed from 19meg to 31 meg . I would recommend this product to anyone whose on a DOCSIS 3 cable line .
CableModem	POS	5	if you like quality , high rel and top performance this be the one for you . look - performance and functionality be also excellent . \*\*\*\*\* John
CableModem	NEG	2	I have have my modem for 2 year and it just now conk out on I for no reason -lrb- everytime I would try to upload to the internet , it would reset my connection -rrb- . I suppose I still come out ahead of pay $ 5\/mo in rent to Comcast , but I have hope this product would last longer than this . I have be optimistic about Zoom give the review , but do not plan to buy from they again .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem\/router work great with comcast . with the modem\/router comcast want to rent I I be get 8mg download speed . with this Motorola SBG6580 I be get 25mg .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use a Motorola sb5120 successfully for a couple of year . recently I have be receive letter from Comcast indicate I may not be receive the best performance unless I upgrade to a DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem . I let it slide for a couple month but after the second or third reminder I figure I better look into replace the device . since I balk at pay Comcast anything more than necessary I know I do not want to rent one from they . so I research various model and with the knowledge the old Motorola never let I down I decide on the sb6121 . it receive good review online and the price be right at Amazon . I receive teh product when promise and quickly install it . I do have to call Comcast support to provision it . basically that be only to give they teh hardware or MAC address of teh new modem so they could configure my account . less than five minute later -lrb- and a pitch for they VOIP service -rrb- I be up and run . first question I have be do it improve my speed . could be a placebo effect but I would say yes . various `` speed test '' site indicate better speed both download and upload . for the price I be happy . hopefully long term test will confirm my previous experience with the brand and it will remain stable and reliable .
CableModem	POS	5	do this modem also a router for wi-fus ? , would appreciate some feedback , thinking of buy this item if it would do what I expect .
CableModem	POS	5	I upgrade to the sb6121 from a wanky , older Motorola SBG900 Surfboard Gateway device , and the Doscis 3 have make all the difference in the world . accord to online speed test , I have more than quadruple my internet download speed . I have only have it connect for a few hour so I can not yet speak to the modem 's reliability , but I be very happy with this purchase . if you isp support it , I highly recommend switch to Docsis 3 .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem will work on Charter Internet . I buy this product to replace my old Linksys befcmu10 v2 modem since that thing be still run on DOCSIS 1.0 . I just want to make sure that it be not the DOCSIS that be cause the modem to crap out once in the a while . the modem would keep restart after the isp do a firmware update . just a note this do not mean it will import the transfer rate also I be not use Gigabit feature from the wan connection .
CableModem	NEU	3	I have have a DOCSIS 2.0 Scientific Atlanta dpc2100r2 for many year now . it have work like a charm . recently in my infinite wisdom , I decide to upgrade to a 3.0 modem and choose the Linksys dpc3008 . I choose it mostly for its small footprint and the lack of the need of a fan so that it would go into my structured wiring closet . installation be pretty smooth and the new speed look impressive . I be real happy till I find that it drop the link every 15 minute , this be drive my teenager crazy . Google search reveal that a number of people be have similar problem . Cisco say it be Comcast 's fault , Comcast say it be the modem 's fault . the modem be rate 3.0 \/ 3.0 by Comcast and be certify by they . will have to return the modem and go back to my slower but reliable Scientific Atlanta dpc2100r2 .
CableModem	NEG	1	it die the second month after purchase . possibly due to A\/C adapter failure . I be go to Walmart right now for a new A\/C adapter . it be inconvenient for the user , time waste and frustrate . Cable modem be the last Motorola product I trust besides mobile radio . I hope this be just bad luck !
CableModem	POS	5	deliver in two day , and setup within 20 minute . the latency be about half that of my old -lrb- 10 yr . -rrb- modem , and the speed be noticeably better to . I wish that I would buy it sooner .
CableModem	POS	5	so all the review be glowing so i buy it ... i receive it the day they do the install so i have no idea the speed i would have have with a different modem . I do however receive higher speed from this modem then cox be sell I . i be on the 55down and5 .5 up plan and with this im get about 65down average and 7.5 average up ... so that be good . one of the best thing be in the month i have own it i have never have to reset this modem , always a solid connection . love it .
CableModem	POS	5	this linksys cable modem by Cisco be great , it definitely bump up the internet speed , my wireless internet connection be steady and excellent .
CableModem	POS	5	I receive the package yesterday and have this modem work inside of 20 minute . I simply unhook my old modem and follow the step to hook this one up . I run the installation guide cd and when I be do it display the ` Mac '' address , tell I that Comcast will need it and direct I to call they for activation . after the usual 10 minute of they try to get I to NOT talk to a real person I finally get someone on the line who ask I for the Mac address and boom everything work perfectly . I then plug the Ethernet cable back into my wireless router and the three lap top , a couple of Roku 's , a Blu Ray player and the wireless printer all work great . I be not one to constantly check download speed but I be get some download interruption with the last modem so I want to replace it with a newer model . Time will tell but so far I be very pleased with this item and for the price it be a super deal . for my application this get 5 star Amazon be incredible but you need to be on you toe . I have this item in my cart and be ready to purchase it for $ 54.49 . somehow I delete it from my cart and run a new search and come up with this exact same item in a so-called environmentally safe box for $ 29.00 . there must be a catch . I have momentary buyer 's remorse when I be wait on the line with Comcast but absolutely not a issue . no catch and I save $ 25 . remember this be a 2.0 DOCSIS modem not the 3.0 high speed one . I do not pay Comcast for they high speed internet service and my research say I do not need the 3.0 for the level of service that I have with they . so for about $ 30 you can own you own cable modem , eliminate the monthly rental fee and pay this off in about three or four month . March 23rd update-i notice that the price have go up from $ 29 to $ 44.99 since I buy this -- now only $ 10 savings
CableModem	POS	4	Modem install without any problem . only have to call cable company to register MAC address . so far , it be work fine . hard to say if there be a difference of speed between this product and the cable company modem .
CableModem	POS	5	best damn amp I have ever use give great boost to signal and internet fly aaaaaa + + + + + + + + + +
CableModem	POS	5	this professional , durable booster work better than expect . I think I would need to call in the cable company to re-wire the whole house , but this thing do the trick . in a 3-floor house where the cable enter at the top floor , I be have difficulty on the first floor receive a signal on my digital cable box . I call the cable company , which the automate announcement say that it be go to send a signal to the box , but that do not work . I call the main number , and they want to send someone out . I have get my signal split so many time , and I do not want to be scrutinize , although it be all legal I learn later . after install this booster inside the house on the top floor where the line be split the first time , the box way down on the first floor show some activity on the display that I do not get originally without the booster . I then call the automated number of the cable company , and it send a signal to my box . it work this time ! and the picture look great with no pixelation ! it be worth a try . very easy to install . durable construction -- not like the cheap one that be on the market year ago before digital .
CableModem	POS	5	Modem be compact fast and do what it be suppose to do . worked right out of the box with no problem and be very easy to hook up .
CableModem	POS	5	I have Comcast Xfinity Performance , rate at 20 mb\/sec down , and 4mb\/sec up . this modem replace a lease rca dcm315r . speed test with the dcm315r be 15\/4 . the 6121 perform better with download speed of 25 mb\/sec , upload do not change .
CableModem	POS	5	I live in pg county md with Comcast and this be the same modem that Comcast rent out . out of all the Docsis 3 modem , this one be the best in my opinion . the Motorola do not work with Comcast in PG county after many day of try . the zoom work fine but when restart take a long time to load up . this one be a bit more expensive but be fast and work great . I would recommend and buy this again for anyone of my customer . I fix computer for a living ... .
CableModem	POS	5	this Linksys modem replace a rent RCN modem which appear to be identical . no software installation be require . the mac address just need to be register with rcn via a phone call that that be it ! the performance have be consistent and I no longer have to pay the monthly rental cost for a cable modem . just wish I would purchase this before !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem triple my current speed ! it take just a few minute via Charter to get it up and run -lrb- they need to put in the MAC address -rrb- and BOOM !! the speed be 100 % noticeable instantly WOW !!!! I can not say enough good thing , size , weight , noise , all excellent ! not even 48 hour ago I be bounce between 8-18 mg download today I be a very consistent 42 + download now that be a BIG difference ...
CableModem	POS	5	this unit be easy to install , I just unhook the connector from my old modem and plug they into this new one , call Comcast to register the unit and it be work . Comcast just need the Mac ID number which be on the bottom of the unit and on the box it come in . they verification process take a few minute and now we internet speed be much faster ! we old modem be so old it could not handle the higher speed we be now get from Comcast . what a great difference !
CableModem	POS	5	the Comcast people be very pleasant but could not get the modem to work . then , I use the following sequence -lrb- page 10 of the download manual -rrb- , and the modem start to work : configure tcp\/ip for Windows 7 1 . click Start and then click control panel . 2 . click Network and Internet to display the Network and Internet window . 3 . click Network and share Center to display the Network and share Center window . 4 . click Change adapter setting to display the lan or High-Speed Internet connection window . 5 . right-click the network connection for you network interface . 6 . Select Properties to display the local area connection Properties window . 7 . Select Internet Protocol Version 4 or 6 -lrb- tcp\/ipv4 or v6 -rrb- and click Properties to display the internet Protocol Properties window . 8 . Select Obtain a IP address automatically and obtain dn server address automatically . 9 . click ok to save the tcp\/ip setting and close the internet Protocol Version 4 -lrb- tcp\/ipv4 -rrb- Properties window . 10 . click Close to close the local area connection Properties window . 11 . close the remain window and exit the control panel . when you complete the tcp\/ip configuration , go to verify the IP Address for Windows 7 . the modem do not come with a cd or manual .
CableModem	POS	5	this be great product . run too fast . my bandwith be 20\/1 .5 with my older modem - cisco 2100 , with cisco 3008 now I get 40 + , 2 time more than I suppose to . Althought , on the box it say Comcast only , but I have Time Warner , and it run great . installation take only 5 minute .
CableModem	POS	5	order this modem as it be on Comcast 's approve list with 3 star and have receive good rating and review on other site . it replace we modem that be past useful age and keep drop the connection . very easy to setup . install it , call Comcast , give they the MAC number and that be it . no more disconnect and it seem to have add some speed to we connection . would suggest that it be install where there be plenty of air circulation . tend to run a little warm . Vendor ship the product promptly . pleased with my purchase decision .
CableModem	POS	5	I recently move into a new home and sign up for Comcast but really do not want to lease a modem so I decide to buy my own . I check eBay but it end up be cheaper she on Amazon . Gotta love Prime . Comcast come and set everything up and it have not skip a beat since I plug it in . I would definitely recommend this modem ...
CableModem	POS	5	I be a bit skeptical about the whole doc si 2.0 vs 3.0 thing . but I be sick and tired of my old bottlenecked network speed , and I decide to upgrade my modem , cable , and switch to gigabit configuration . at first I try to get Comcast to send I this modem . after four attempt , I be tell that they would charge $ 7 a month to use it ! forget that ! buy this one and hook it up yesterday . before with the old Motorola sb5101 , I be get about 2.6 mb download speed and 1.2 mb upload speed at the modem and about 1.6 mb download speed behind my 10\/100 t base standard switch . now ? while Comcast say we be pay for 12-16mb , with this new modem I be clock 24-26mb at the modem and behind the new gigabit switch . this be also with cat 5e and cat 6 cable all the way around . wow ! what a difference ! this modem be take advantage of the bond pair downstream , as the download lead stay blue . if you have a large network and you be use switch , make sure to upgrade they also to gigabit configuration . behind the only remain standard switch , my bandwidth increase only come to about 6.5 mb . behind the gigabit switch , it be a steady 24-26mb . have some issue get everything set up . the modem keep power cycling and downloading , and I could not connect . I decide to let it do its thing for about 30-45 minute . finally , it stay on and connect , and I hook my laptop up direcly to the modem and I be able to access Comcast 's activation page and within minute I be up and run , need nothing more than my account and phone number . we also have a gigabit Vonage router . that take a little more work to connect . ultimately , after several reset and reboot , the Vonage tech have I simply disconnect the coaxial cable from the modem for 30 seconds and reconnect it . not sure what that do , but it work . after that , vonage phone be up and run and network be good to go . very happy so far . update 8\/15\/2012 : after about 5 day , the Vonage router start bottleneck the bandwidth and I be only get 8-10 mb behind it while still get 25mb connect directly to the sb6121 . so I buy the Linksys e3200 gigabit router and use the Vonage vd22 device and that take care of it , back to full speed all the way around .
CableModem	POS	5	we be a Comcast customer and we spend quite a friggin lot for hdtv and other upgrade . but we be experience annoying problem : during we favorite show , it would periodically pixellate , stutter , or even freeze for several seconds . we would end up have to watch on regular non-hd channel -lrb- when possible -rrb- . On-Demand movie download be impossible , they would always crash or do the same thing . and DVR would show would do it , and on some occassion the dvr recording seem to black out -lrb- but we figure out way to get they to `` pop back '' , by start other recording and then switch half-way -rrb- . we have Comcast out several time . they upgrade we cable , assure we it be near 100 % signal into the house , and even check the signal to the tv 's . they even install a amplifier . I swap theirs out and put this one in its place . WOW . we signal even look better and all those issue go away ! one caveat : I notice the Comcast guy use a amplifier and then split off into 3 cable after the single amplify line ! IDIOT !!! I 'll bet if it be a 4-way splitter we would have never have these issue . in any event , this fix the problem . if you be experience similar issue , get this booster . it work great ! finally we be get what we pay all this money for !!!
CableModem	POS	5	we buy this to replace TW 's modem . TW website say this modem be compatible even though the netgear box claim not . Easy installation . just have to call TW with the MAC address . Works fine with we ubiquity router .
CableModem	POS	5	no problem at all with this product . plug it in , call my provider and I be do . great way to save money by buy a modem instead of rent . this unit will pay for itself in under a year . I wish I have make this purchase a long time ago .
CableModem	POS	5	I be have difficulty view several channel after my antenna signal go through a passive 3-way splitter . the connection off the splitter provide weak reception on channel 4 and no channel 4 reception to a tv in another room feed through a 50 foot extension cable . after I replace the passive splitter with the dba-s4 , the reception be vastly improve . you need to supply you own coax cable to connect the power supply to the drop amp . you also need to supply you own f-type terminator for unused port .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this modulator-demodulator -lrb- modem -rrb- for use with my Comcast Broadband Internet Service . it be work well with no complaint , no complaint at all !
CableModem	POS	5	12\/14\/2011 just receive the Motorola SB6121 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem today . follow the self-install instruction include with the modem , use Comcast internet , and a Medialink Wireless N router , and be up and run in 20 minute . note ; also use a Windows OS laptop for the setup , with internet Explorer . here 's how my setup go . disconnect you old modem . connect the sb6121 modem to you internet coaxle cable . now connect the ethernet cable to both the sb6121 modem and you computer . power up the sb6121 modem and wait for all light to stop flash -lrb- must have solid light -rrb- , then power up you computer . now , open internet Explorer browser and wait for the Xfinity screen to automatically show up on you internet Explorer 's screen . enter you Comcast account number and the phone number associate with you Comcast account on the screen , where ask , and press next . the sb6121 modem will then be automatically identify and recognize . Press next to accept the Motorola sb6121 cable modem , then wait a few minute for the next screen to show up while the information be be process , then press finish . 3 screen total . disconnect the ethernet cable from you computer and connect it to you router . now , power both the sb6121 and you router off and wait 10 seconds . now , power the sb6121 modem on and wait for all the light to show themselves . now , power on you router . you should be able to go online wirelessly . literally that simple . the Comcast Xfinity self-install screen do not ask I for a MAC address or a serial number . total time - about 20 minute to remove the old modem and install the sb6121 . best part , no have to call tech support and no frustration ! I be quite surprised at how easy the sb6121 be to install , as it seem like I be one of those guy who take 2-3 hour to hook anything up . seem like there be always that one thing I do not know , or think , about , and I be usually on the phone with tech support for a while have a lackluster time . I replace a old Comcast RCA modem which I have no problem with , but be tire of rent from Comcast at $ 84 per year . the sb6121 will pay for itself in a year 's time , be a 3 docsis modem versus 2 on my old modem , and work well thus far .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this modem because my speed vary drastically at different time of the day , especially between 6pm to midnight when I need the internet the most , the speed would drop to less than 8 mbp . I call the isp and they say that there be something wrong with my signal strength , but they sell I a higher plan that go from 20 to 30 mbp . that do not seem to improve . the cox service guy come out and replace all the connector , say the problem of reduce strength be due to bad connector . well , that do not seem to improve . the same service guy disconnect my phone and it take another service visit two week later to fix my phone . the second service guy do not fix my Internet speed either . I call the service department and the technical help say maybe I should replace my modem from the old Motorola Doscis 2 to Doscis 3 . Got nothing to lose except maybe another $ 100 to try something else . well , that seem to solve the problem . whereas before I be get 8 mbp from 6 to midnight , I be get 20 + Mbps during those time . mostly I be get 30mbp . I be happy .
CableModem	POS	5	it be very easy to install and it be be work great ever since I install it over a month ago .
CableModem	POS	5	Works great and have not have to power down like the modem from the cable company . love not have to interrupt what we be surf for to reboot .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have no problem whatsoever with this modem . I buy it to use with Comcast cable internet and it have work flawlessly from day 1 .
CableModem	POS	4	Motorola SB6121 provide high-speed internet connection through Comcast service . the price be a little high but it be worth replace the rental modem from Comcast . also , WiFi router need to be reset and reconfigure after connect this modem and Vonage router would not connect directly to one of its port .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace the rent Cisco dpc3010 with this model . I get the same download -lrb- 40 + mbp -rrb- and upload -lrb- 4 + mbp -rrb- speed as before . the MAC address change be simple , Charter Communications be able to facilitate it in a few minute while I be on the phone with they . the box say `` Comcast certify only '' , but I can attest that it work with Charter in San Luis Obispo County California .
CableModem	POS	5	I be a `` computer literate '' person , but not a techie . this modem be very user friendly , be really fast and be not at all complicate . actually you just plug it in and it work ... so its fairly impossible to mess up . its very compact -lrb- much smaller than my previous modem -rrb- and be clean-lined and nice-looking .
CableModem	POS	5	this product be unbelievably excellent , in fact , I would like to call it miraculous ! I be previously use a ordinary 4 port digital splitter -lrb- 5-2300mhz -rrb- where my cable modem , wireless router , and 2 t.v. 's be connect . this be ok for about 3 month when suddenly , I get no signal from my cable modem and wireless router , and some channel be miss in both T.V. 's . after some troubleshooting , I find out that the splitter be not work anymore . so I test a spare digital splitter of the same spec , with the same result . frustrated , I purchase another splitter with a narrower range , from 5-1000mhz from best buy . my heart sink when it also produce the same result . I call my service provider to try to get a recommendation as to what type of splitter to use , but they refuse , and attempt to pressure I to let a technician come to we house and do the connection . this , of course , for a stupid extra cost : one for the installation of a new line , and another for a extra monthly charge . I bluntly tell the customer service agent that I will not allow that and should not spend a single cent to troubleshoot the problem . they attempt to pressure I to send a technician to we house miserably fail . finally after research in the internet about similar issue , I come up with many cutomer recommend the use of this product for cable modem and t.v.s. I order this Motorola BDA throuh AMAZON , ask for a 1 day delivery , get it as guranteed by AMAZON , then install it . only after a few seconds , my cable modem , router , and T.V.s respond very well and my problem be solve . my browser become wicked fast , and the quality of picture in both t.v.s be excellent ! there be one customer who say that cable modem should not be amplify - I tell this customer he be dead wrong ! in my case , cable modem do not get any signal , until I install this amplifier . I would highly recommed this product to all customer with similar situation !
CableModem	POS	5	I have the ubee d3 .0 cable modem combine with a  D-Link DIR-825 Extreme-N Dual-Band Gigabit Router  now that Charter have fix -lrb- or so we think ... -rrb- they pipeline issue it be blazingly fast - now we routinely hit 50 + Mbps downstream and 4 mbp upstream -lrb- when it be off-peak usage . during peak usage at time we be lucky to get 1mbp ... if that much ... -rrb- Charter guarantee 70 % of the sell rate , so if you be pay for a 30 mpb package they only guarantee 21 mbp downstream when the computer be direct wire to the modem without a router . this modem be fully capable of handle several future `` upgrade '' Charter have indicate they will be roll out since by the spec it should be capable of a minimum of 150 mbp downstream and 100 mbp upstream . if you be rent you cable modem from Charter or you cable provider , the Ubee be a good replacement to save money . warning though - they may think it be they own device so be sure to label the modem as yours when you buy it and keep your documentation ! I use the  Epson LabelWorks LW-400 label printer -lrb- c51cb70010 -rrb-  yes , we can remotely send print job directly to we home printer via we wireless broadband connection use the ubee d 3.0 modem and the D-Link router mention previously !
CableModem	POS	5	buy this modem to replace the crappy one that WOW be rent I . the setup be a breeze , WOW customer service be able to recognize it and get on they system right away . I have be use the modem for several month and so far it be be very reliable , do not think I have have to reset it once yet . -lrb- I mention this because that be a common issue with my previous modem . -rrb- I can not say I have notice a huge speed improvement as other review -lrb- on and off Amazon -rrb- mention about DOCSIS 3.0 modem but i have the lowest speed service I can get from WOW .
CableModem	POS	5	I plug the modem in , Comcast recognize the new modem , register it automatically and it work great . no more $ 7 a month for lease a ancient modem that perform poorly . I have the slowest possible connection with Comcast so I have not notice any difference in speed . if I decide to go to a higher speed I be ready .
CableModem	POS	5	after read the review on this product and the subsequent model 6121 , I decide to go with this one and do not regret it ! I call Cable one and give they the MAC address to get connect , it be a snap . add wireless -lrb- see my review of the Medialink Wireless N Router - 802.11 n -rrb- , and off you go .
CableModem	POS	5	I be not pay attention . my bad ! have I realize , I might have be write this review many , many month ago . first , a little research ! my modem from Comcast be model #sb 5101 -lrb- Motorola -rrb- DOCSIS 2.0 , and it work just great for those 3 year + of service , never a hitch ! ignorant enough , and a shock to my system ... to learn I be `` rent '' they equipment to the tune of 7.00 monthly . now ... I immediately bulk , the feeling of be rip off by a company who give no quarter to they `` veteran '' subscriber . a list of they `` approve '' modem easily discover at -lrb- comcast.com -rrb- the `` math '' be easy enough too ... within less than a year , my new Motorola would put I back into the `` black '' . there be literally no learning curve to this process of exchange , a no brainer ... that be , if you can read ! -lrb- g -rrb- the procedure be just as these other have state . turn everything off , change you cable a bit , bypass you router -lrb- if you have a network -rrb- , plug everything back where it be , boot you computer , and immediately , as you punch in you browser ... a page from Comcast come up ! be sure you have you account number in front of you , and you phone # of record . for I , the Mac ID be already there , do not have to type it in at all . they will automatically set up the new modem in just a few minute . really simple ! read these review ! some be very helpful if you be a comcast customer ! just be sure you take note the old fashion way ... pen and paper , before you disconnect you old modem ! this Motorola , sb6121 , do not run `` hot '' , at least not for I . it be barely warm . as the review attest , it run faster , much faster !! the detail be there also , in these review . you can believe they . the `` hardest '' part , this whole procedure ? the return of Comcast 's property . you must find the nearest Service Center to return it ! if you request a service tech to come pick it up , they be go to charge you plenty ! and ... whatever you do ... . . get you receipt as evidence you return it ... save it , and keep check you itemized bill . I do not trust they ! you might . : o -rrb- would not you think ... the money we pay they , these very necessary `` extra '' would be include ?? bummer ! my next project ? this hd receiver box , another dumb rental ! Amazon , here I come again ! -lrb- g -rrb-
CableModem	NEG	1	I have have a Motorola sb5100 for 7 year and never have any trouble with it . after 7 year I figure it be time to upgrade so I decide to buy a sb6121 . it be Motorola it have to be good right ? wrong . it come and I connect it to my cox cable no problem and it work great , for about a day . the speed be noticeably faster than the sb5100 , but then I get a error message say I have no internet connection . I think in my 7 year with the sb5100 I might have get that message 7 time . I look at the sb6121 and all the light be off . it do not seem like it be get power . I check to see if it be plug in and it be . so I unplug it and plug it back in and it reboot no problem . long story short it keep do this for a couple of week and sometimes it would reboot and sometimes it would not reboot until after many try or many hour . I call Motorola tech support and we do a factory reset on it and that do not help . the Motorola tech say it sound like a hardware problem . unfortunately , since I do not buy it from Amazon I could not return it . that $ 10 I save do not look like such a good deal now . so I go back to my 7 year old sb5100 . this seem like a good , fast modem while it work but unfortunately that be not very long . I have read a few review which say they have the same problem but I just figure they have get a lemon . I would like to get another one but I think I will wait awhile and hope Motorola fix what seem to be a too common problem .
CableModem	POS	5	I recently have to install tuning adapter for my TiVo box in order to receive certain high definition channel from Time Warner . these adapter drop the signal down from around 93 to 44 as measure by the TiVo signal strength function . I have a passive 4:1 splitter in the attic which work fine until these adapter be install . after the tuning adapter be install some of the channel would get the dreaded digital signal drop-out . I install this signal booster which take about 15 minute - most of which be just to tie the cable back neatly . now I have 90 to 100 signal level on all of my TiVo box and the picture quality be great . I do not use this on my internet connection as it be run separately from my other cable . product feel very solid and well build . I have only have it a couple of week , so can not comment on the long term reliability , but so far it be a great little unit .
CableModem	POS	5	I be use the sb6121 cable modem with Comcast cable . setup be fast and easy . plug in the box in place of the old one , and call Comcast . the service representative know what he be do . it take about 20 min from when I call to everything work properly -lrb- include hold time -rrb- . Make sure to have the MAC address handy when you call . for this packaging , the MAC be on the sticker on the bottom of the unit , as well as inside the cardboard packaging on the sticker on a paper strip . the indicator on the box be great . the receive and transmit indicator be bright blue if it detect a docsis 3.0 connection , green if it detect a docsis 2.0 connection . these receive , transmit , and online indicator be steady if connect properly . very easy to know the status at a glance from across the room . a note : on initial powerup -lrb- before call Comcast -rrb- , the receive \/ transmit light settle on green , and that have I wonder what be go on . it turn out that Comcast have to get the correct profile download on the box , and the right configuration setup at they end before the indicator be meaningful .
CableModem	POS	5	here be my story : I live in socal with Time Warner Cable as my provider . I have 1 line come to the house that be split 3 way : 1 -rrb- strongest signal directly to the modem ; 2 -rrb- one line driectly to the cable box\/dvr in we family room ; 3 -rrb- the third line be split use this Motorola signal booster to 4 other tv . it work perfectly . no signal loss at all to the 4 other tv . prior to this I be use a 3 way splitter I find leave over in my attic . it send the signal to 3 tv but when I add the 4th -lrb- pip on my Family room tv -rrb- the signal degrade alot . add this and now all work perfectly . the power source for this unit be awesome . I have the splitter mount in the attic and run coax to a convenient outlet for power . I highly recommend this if you be splitting signal to multiple tv .
CableModem	POS	5	we just drop we satellite subscription because of the mismatch between value and cost -lrb- too expensive ! -rrb- now with we digital antenna and this wonderful amplifier , we high Definition tv now receive about 15 channel and we live in remote Wyoming ! we have use the antenna for one of we little hdtv and only get about 4 channel . with the amplifer , we now pick up many more channel and have the signal split between 2 tv . with netflix , the internet , and a digital antenna , we now get good value for we entertainment dollar . if we really need to watch something on ESPN , we can go to a friend 's house , or a sport bar . highly recommend this amplifier !
CableModem	POS	5	I know other have have problem , and base on my research it seem those problem be localized . this modem work great in State College , pa on Comcast . all I have to do be plug it in and make a call to Comcast for provision . a few more minute of configuration in the admin area for some custom thing and it be ready to go . have not have to touch it since . ca not really tell you whether its faster than the rental modem . I just do not use it that hard to notice .
CableModem	POS	4	this be a great little modem , no problem with it at all , and I have have it for about a year and a half now .
CableModem	POS	5	do not pay to Internet service provider for you cable modem . this cm100 be perfect solution to you !!! do not wory about refurbish product quality . I buy refurbish cm100 , and it have 90day Cisco guarantee . cm100 size be pretty small ; therfore , it take very small space in you house . do not hesitate to take cm100 .
CableModem	POS	4	my old Modem have past , it be a rather slow death that be more painful for I than it be for it - this I be sure . so I be on the hunt for a younger better model -lrb- survival of the fittest you know -rrb- - I find one in this product . it work tirelessly and do all that I ask with out question . I highly recommend this type for anyone that feel they be not get what we all should have - great service . delivery be fast and efficient - it have arrive before I though it would actually . hope this help you in you decision
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this to replace the lease modem -lrb- also DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- from Charter . it provide equivalent performance , and you will save $ $ $ every month . no technical skill be require to install . write on paper the MAC address from the label on the back of the new modem . disconnect the old Charter modem and attach the coaxial internet cable to the new modem and plug modem into a electrical outlet -lrb- consider use a surge protector -rrb- . call Charter support to activate the new modem . the service technician will need the MAC address that you write on the paper . the whole process will take about 10 minute . Performance be great . I have have no problem with the modem . the speed usually exceed my 30\/3 service .
CableModem	NEU	3	the modem be easy to set up and it work well most of the time . I have trouble with it when I do video chat . I always lose the signal .
CableModem	POS	5	good product and reliable for the price pay . . work great ... I be a first time user
CableModem	POS	5	I have Comcast internet , and activate this modem be not too bad at all . I have to go through the activation screen about 5 time or so , but it finally work . the modem itself be a breeze to set up , and it be give I a rock-solid connection . I be very happy !
CableModem	POS	5	Modem work well right out of the box , easy to set up and connect to wireless router . only complaint be that the customer s\/n be not on the modem and you must get it off the box the modem come in . you need this to hook up modem to internet provider .
CableModem	POS	5	we have be use cable splitter before and most of we tv have very poor reception and grainy picture & some do not get any reception at all ! now , all we tv have excellent reception and better picture . it really boost !!!
CableModem	POS	5	everyone else have this pretty well cover ... unless you want to try something cheaper and deal with delay and return , this be the way to go for weak cable reception . total home run .
CableModem	NEG	1	right from day one I have be face issue with this product . every five minute connection get reset . strongly recommend not to buy this product .
CableModem	POS	4	I would have give this modem 5 star , but the first one I receive be DOA . I could not get anything but the power light to come on . the second one work perfectly , and I can tell it be faster . speedtest dot net have I at about 6 mbp down and 3 mbp up with the RCA DOCSIS 2.0 modem Comcast provide , and with this one I be get 26 mbp down and 6 mbp up . I can not believe I put up with that so long ! it be funny too that Comcast be harass people who own they equipment to upgrade to DOCSIS 3.0 , but never bother to mention a need to upgrade to those who lease they modem . so far I be happy with this modem , and would recommend it to those who use Comcast . just remember give the full model 5341j and to speak slow , and repeat yourself when give they the MAC ID . the call center be overseas , and there be a BIG language barrier . it take a few time to get the information across . also , if you purchase this item from Modem Land , make sure it be the one that be full fill by Amazon -lrb- which be cover by Amazon 's return policy -rrb- . Modem Land 's direct return policy be horrible , and would leave you responsible for return shipping , and a possible 15 % restock fee .
CableModem	POS	4	this device work right out of the box . . grant I have to work with the cable service provider ; have to provide MAC address . have be work w \/ out failure since put on-line over a month ago . I would highly recommend this product for any cable internet customer . I have it in a open-air arrangement and have no trouble with overheating .
CableModem	POS	5	it do what it be suppose to do . I do get a sharper image on the tv . . as expect .
CableModem	POS	5	what be there to say ? this modem be stable and always responsive . if my internet go down , it be now because of my router -lrb- or Comcast -rrb- , not my modem -- a welcome change . it be cheap , it do the job perfectly , and it will save you money whether you buy from Comcast or rent from they . the dual usb\/ethernet output be great , if only situationally useful .
CableModem	NEU	3	I just get this modem from Amazon . I buy it to replace my aging Linksys modem . I do a few speedtest.net check before I unhook the linksy and I be get 15.7 mbp down and 4.7 mbp upload . that be acceptable even though my neighbor with the same comcast internet as I have be get 33 down and 9 up with a comcast modem . I hook up this Motorola modem and I be sad to report now I be get 8mbp upload and 34mpb upload ! the upload go through the roof but I dont upload a ton of stuff the download go down by 50 % . I want it the other way around -lrb- like my neighbor have -rrb- . I may have to return this modem as this be not acceptable .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy one of the refurb unit . plug it in , call Cox cable to give they the serial and MAC number . they reset . I reset . come up perfect . I have about a 10 year old linksy modem and be get speed of around 17000kbp down and 2000kbp up . not quite what be claim . cox say I should be get 22 down and 3 up . now with the refurb unit I be get 32633kbp down and 3725kbp up !!! my older modem be hold my speed down . this happen when Cox double the speed in a effort to combat Verizon Fios in we area . I be sure they change some specification regard the way they signal go through a modem . I have see that before . when you speed get whacky and you have to reset you modem several time per week , -lrb- my first clue -rrb- , they have change they signal . you old modem be fine , just outdate . so , if you have a older modem , better spend the less than $ 30.00 and get this good one . no problem here .
CableModem	NEU	3	it be not a new modem but setup be simple and it have operate without a problem for about a month .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use this splitter\/amplifier for over a year now . I have two 50 + foot cable run located in different room of we house - one to my hdtv cable box , the other to a cable modem . I can surf through the cable OnDemand catalog , stream show and do network intensive activity -lrb- downloads\/uploads , voip -rrb- simultaneously without a problem . bi-directional performance and the overall connection have be be rock solid . in the past , I have use both electroline and pct splitter\/amplifiers . we have fairly unstable power where I live , with frequent short outage and spike . for both the electroline and pct product , even though they be always plug into surge suppressor -lrb- both the electrical and cable line -rrb- , they eventually blow out . the Motorola have weather a year 's worth of storm and random outages\/spikes and be still run great . do not know if this be just luck or a sign of the high build quality of the device . the connector be solid -lrb- nothing even come close to wiggle -rrb- and the overall build quality appear to be quite high . I have not have to touch it since I install it , so I be a happy camper .
CableModem	POS	4	receive the modem , and be up in run in less then 5-10 minute . use a cm100 from cisco prior to this and due to overheate issue with the cm100 , it die . this unit be run 7 \* c less for operate temperature , which make overheate a non-issue . down\/up speed be improve from the cm100 by 14-16 % -lrb- compute over same 24 hour period -rrb- along with better snr number . downside be limited diagnostic and technical datum feedback from the modem , which should be implement .
CableModem	POS	5	I be really excite about this modem . it work really well , and be a excellent replacement for the one I be rent from the cable company for $ 84\/year . so happy I get it , and would definitely recommend .
CableModem	POS	4	I live in Chicago and have RCN as my cable\/isp . last week I get a letter say that the modem rental rate be go up $ 2\/month . buy this modem , hook it up , call RCN with my MAC address , reboot my computer , and voilum ! only get 4 star because it be just a cable modem afterall . if it have some other feature , it could have get a 5 . Mine be ship with a cd . if you explore what be on the cd , you will find the install instruction . if you hav not install electronics or know how to explore you cd for the installation guide , you may have some difficulty get this to work , and you might end up post a bad review on amazon when really , it be just you . if you be spend more money to rent , than it would be to buy a modem , this be a solid buy .
CableModem	POS	5	the product be not only great . once I receive it , plug in , call my service provider , it be set up perfectly , no more drop line , slow , in fact faster than the guarantee speed by the service network co !
CableModem	POS	5	I recommend replace you comcast or other provider supply cable modem , with this linkys cm100 . Works perfect !! very happy and worth the money .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to dump the one Charter give I initially -lrb- and be charge I $ 10 a month for -rrb- . set-up go smooth , though I do have to call Charter and get a tech to help activate it , but they be very helpful , and say this be a great modem to be use with they service . now I have save $ 10 a month off my service , which should pay for this modem -lrb- and router I buy at the same time -rrb- in a year . we test throughput and with doci 3 it be great , so I be pleased so far .
CableModem	POS	4	the product be what I order and receive it in work order . I do not know what else to say .
CableModem	POS	5	like the tittle say ; I think this modem be great ! its a great deal since I have see older model sell at walmart for about the same price . I do not want to rent a modem from Comcast and I be a bit worried at first that the tech be go to tell I he could not use this one , but it all work perfectly ! I have the modem connect directly to my router for wifus and I have fast internet on all my device at home -lrb- a blue-ray player w \/ wifus , two smartphone and two laptop -rrb- . it be super fast and have not give I any issue since I buy it back in Novermber 2011 .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this because Charter recommend upgrade to a docsis 3.0 modem for better performance and this seem to be the best -lrb- costliest -rrb- available . disappointment ! installation be not smooth . on replace the modem , Charter could not restart the modem remotely , so I have to do it manually . that itself do not seem right . I see a slight speed improvement compare to my 5-year old modem , though nothing to justify the 95 buck I have shell out for this . after a week or so , it just disconnect and I could not get it to re-connect . Charter detect some bad signal come from the modem . I go back to my Ubee old modem which work fine . after a day later , hope that it be just a temporary glitch , I install the sb6121 again and it work fine for another week after which it again just disconnect . it be as if it need a day off every few day !! I can not afford to give pay vacation to modem , so I ditch it and return it to Amazon .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be not even bad at all . I use to have a DOCSIS 2.0 Modem and it suck . it keep on drop its connection to comcast . i buy this modem and it work perfectly . i dont know what other people be talk about , because this modem work just fine to I .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem a couple of month ago , when Comcast send I a letter state that I need to upgrade to the DOCSIS 3.0 standard . I install and register it with Comcast use they self registration website . the process be fairly straight forward and I be now get download speed of around 25 mbp , and upload speed of around 4 mbp . so far , I be very satisfied , and would highly recommend this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	work out great to connect with comcast internet . the connection be do by a technician , but he have no trouble connect to the internet and to a router . I would highly recommend if you want to avoid the rental fee of a modem .
CableModem	NEU	3	I give all 5 star for this item attribute , but only 3 star in general rating and here be the reason why . I have 4 FIOS Cable box in my house and they be , of course , in different room and I be use a regular splitter for this . you can imagine how many cable I have and how far they be go . so hd picture be degrade on two of my tv - there be pixelation and sound be be lose . I go look for a good signal booster and find this one . I get it , install it and it be perfect - no more signal loss and picture and sound be like it be a direct cable connection . BUT , to my big disappointment on the two cable box that be connect to this booster I be no longer get the connection to my dvr , connection to all the Verizon FIOS service from the box get lose and I could not get any channel lineup . so I do further research and stumble upon this review : amazon.com\/review\/rk8zfk6zyl6jy\/ref=cm_cr_pr_viewpnt#rk8zfk6zyl6jy apparently for the Cable tv service to work you need a booster with `` active return Cable Modem boost '' , which be this one :  Motorola Signal Booster 4-Port Cable Modem TV HDTV amplifier with active return Cable Modem boost  but the bda-k4 \/ ra model sell for the exact same price as the bda-s4 , so I be return this one and get the one with active return Model Boost . I will try to review it after I get it and test it .
CableModem	POS	5	I be get picture pixillation and complete loss of some hd channel on one of my hdtv connect to my Comcast cable through a standard coax splitter that also serve another hdtv and my modem . replace that splitter with this unit and everything work perfectly -lrb- two hdtv and a modem -rrb- . a bi-directional unit be critical so that outbound traffic can be pass through -lrb- I have a old uni-directional power splitter that would not work -rrb- . only extra piece need be a coax cable to connect the splitter to the ac power supply that come with it .
CableModem	POS	4	though I be very happy with the sb6121 , I be somewhat surprise by the lack of a on\/off or network enable\/disable switch -lrb- maybe I miss something ? -rrb- . also , the led light up the room which require I to take evasive action . -lrb- since this be a d-3 modem -lrb- my previous one be a d-2 -rrb- and I have recently upgrade my isp provision speed , I do some test -lrb- before and after -rrb- . it work . nevertheless , it do encourage I to tweak my wi-fi access point 's 802.11 n configuration . -rrb-
CableModem	POS	4	initially have a problem set this up w\/the usb cable & connect to we isp -lrb- Comcast -rrb- , but once I switch it to the Ethernet cable , it work just fine . be refurbish , not sure if we 'll have problem down the line a way , but for now it be work like a charm . not a bad price either . sure beat have to pay a $ 7\/month modem rental to we isp .
CableModem	POS	5	wow ! this booster have change my tv watch experience . my picture quality be very poor prior to install the booster . I have line on all my local channel and the picture quality be weak . the cable company could not come up with any solution and provide some bad reason for the problem . I go online and do some research and find this signal booster . be my picture quality 100 % perfect ... no , but the improvement be huge and the money spend for a higher quality splitter be well worth it . the only complaint be that you have to purchase a coaxial cord\/connector to connect the booster to the power source ... I do not realize this at the time of purchase so I have to make a extra trip to the store .
CableModem	POS	5	so I decide to purchase this cable modem after be tell by Comcast that they charge $ 7 per month for the rental of they cable modem . I believe they rental price be reasonable , but give the cable modem would pay for itself within the year I decide to purchase my own . that be say Comcast 's website be very specific on which type of modem they support and I choose to purchase a DOCSIS 3.0 modem to be certain the modem I purchase would be support for at least the next several year . the Motorola sb 6121 support all my need for upload\/download speed and be easy to setup . I only have 25 mbp download and 4 mbp upload from Comcast but want to make sure my modem could support future speed increase -lrb- plus my wireless router support up to 150 mbp download speed so I figure the modem be able to supply that be a plus -rrb- . overall , the product function exceptionally and I be very satisfied with its performance and the internet speed I be get both wire and wireless throughout my home . as a side note , the sb6121 come with the power adapter , modem , and a ethernet chord but you will need to have a standard tv coaxial cable to connect it to you cable jack .
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this modem just under 1 year ago to replace a Motorola cm that be fail . the Mot sb last approx 3 year , which be pretty average for this type of appliance that be always on . for the last 2 month or so we have be get intermittent connection drop . the drop occur on the Service provider side , as indicate by the modem light . reset and removal of power do not help . the drop be get more frequent . I start call cox , my sp , and the odd thing be , that once the call be initiate , the connection seem to work . this work 90 % of the time , then I can just hang up , without talk with anyone . upon speak with customer service , they report that the modem reset itself hundred of time a hour and say that some other technical indication -lrb- he would not elaborate further -rrb- be way off the chart . he recommendation be that the Modem be bad and he would need to send a tech out to verify -lrb- and of course sell I a new one -rrb- . I have use other Linksys product before and have be happy with they . this be the bottom of the barrel for they engineering team . the modem should last longer than 1 year . the tech on the phone also indicate that he have see these modem fail earlier than other brand . I be hopeful that this Linksys product be a contender , but will not buy another .
CableModem	POS	5	since I get cable modem service six year ago I have stick with the Motorola Surfboard line , which I will not criticize nor praise because both the box I rent from the cable company -lrb- and buy five time over -rrb- and the later 5100 model buy from a co-worker work very well for I . but towards the beginning of October last year I start experience major problem stay online and after a epic back-and-forth with the cable company that take two month to solve , I think it would be the cable modem that cause the problem . on a tech 's suggestion I decide to buy my own , but this time go with something different outside Motorola . I could have get a few generic brand , but do research I come upon this model . since I have a Linksys router , hey , it make sense to get the matching modem , right ? at first , I still have those cable problem . it be not the modem . three week and one pole check later , I find out it be indeed something at the pole in the alley . thus I buy this modem likely for nothing ... except that it work incredibly well since my connection have not waver outside of cable maintenance period ever since . everything hum along , the modem be not in you face or in the way , prop up like a small book on the computer cart against the desk . it be easy to maintain , the diagnostic screen be helpful yet simple , and since I buy a laptop a few month ago , it work very well with my home network . the modem also keep cool , the ac adapter be not a brick and the light on it be very easy to read . if you want a fine and dependable DOCSIS 2.0 modem , this be the one for you . the savings of modem rental work in you favor and the small size of the unit make it very convenient to have , and it be reliability be impressive .
CableModem	POS	5	deliver on time and work well right out of the box . install allow I to reduce my cable bill by $ 7 per month .
CableModem	POS	5	I be replace a older Cisco Cable modem I have have for about 5 year . hook up the new Motorola surfboard moden and talk about better and faster speed ! at first I be blame my service provider , suddenlink , but it be the modem . I highly recommend this modem as a upgrade .
CableModem	POS	4	arrive in a timely manner with all the necessary cable as advertise . clear instruction and a breeze to set up .
CableModem	POS	5	I have split a exist cable to support another tv . one be get basic cable with no problem . the original hdtv really suffer from the split . I be get virtually no channel beyond basic cable through hdtv cable box . I hook up the Motorola 2-port signal booster in minute . I do have to do a cold restart of the cable box for it to sense the improved signal . the signal be now better than it ever be . I be really glad I buy this .
CableModem	POS	5	nothing like go with the standard in modem , Motorola . I be get 25mbp with the old standard DOCSIS model now I get 34mbp . the blinking blue light when you router connect seem backwards since all the other light be solid when eveything be good but just something small no big deal you just need to remember that the bottom light blinking be a good thing but if the other blink it be not .
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase the Cisco-Linksys Cable Modem to use with the Cisco-Linksys E2000 Advanced Wireless-N Router and my new Charter cable internet service . modem and router have come such a long way in the past 10 year and my last experience with a Linksys router have work well , but have be more difficult to setup than other router at the time . I most recently have a combination modem and router in one device -lrb- not from Cisco-Linksys -rrb- and find that I be constantly have to reset it to get wifus connectivity . thus , I do not mind purchase each component separately , especially when they be so easy to setup . I have be use this solution for 3 month and have have no problem with connectivity or signal strength .
CableModem	POS	5	I want to upgrade my DOCSIS 2.0 Motorola sb5101u to a DOCSIS 3.0 model . I wonder how many Comcast customer know what internet speed they be pay for . I just spend 15 minute search within my account and I can not find any explicit mention of speed . however , my bill say I have get Preferred double Play and Comcast 's advertising say that come with speed of `` up to 20 mbp download speed with powerboost  '' . well , even with my old sb5101u , I be consistently get 23-25 mbp download and 3.6 mbp upload on my desktop connect to the router with a ethernet cable , so it be not surprising that the new modem do not give I any improvement . still , it work fine and I 'll keep it as a hedge against any improvement that be not obvious to I at the moment or thing that Comcast may have come down the pike . I do not try install the modem myself as I know Comcast would have to activate it from they end . it be not trivial for the Comcast agent at the other end of the phone . he keep mention something about get a IP address and not get a boot file . but , with a few retry and I unplug the modem and plug it back in to reset it , we be ultimately successful . what I take from my experience and the report of other be that the amount of agony one have to go through depend on the Comcast rep who get the call , BUT if you persevere the installation should ultimately prove successful .
CableModem	POS	4	I wish I have buy this modem year ago instead of pay Comcast more than $ 800 for a rental during that time . -lrb- ... -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this so I do not need to rent a modem through Comcast . I have have no problem , work well with my dd-wrt flash router .
CableModem	POS	5	I order this product to replace the rent Comcast modem and it work perfectly . it be necessary to call Comcast and have they recognize the new equipment . no moremonthly rental fee .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace my old Motorola modem with the sb6121 and double my download and upload speed . it be a great value and easy to setup with Comcast .
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this modem for a new apartment that I be set up the internet and cable for . it meet all of the Comcast requirement list on they site and the installation technician laud I for think ahead and have the hardware ready for he when he arrive . that be , until he try to hook it up . the modem simply refuse to connect to the Comcast network . after try a few different set up to no avail he go out to he truck and bring in a replacement modem . same brand , same model , even the same packaging . the big difference be that he work right of the bat . so long story short , I be stuck pay a monthly rental fee from Comcast and this modem in on its way back to Amazon .
CableModem	NEG	2	buy it for my mom last fall because my brother -lrb- the electronics geek -rrb- say dont get two separate unit ... so I take back the two separate unit that work well , and get this nightmare . as soon as we hook it up it begin reject any and all other device . spend over three week off and on -lrb- approx 25 hr -rrb- with tech support , finally accept internet through cable tv . it be still reject the brand new printer\/fax machine that be also suppose to be compatible . I wish I just leave well enough alone . the space she save be not worth the hassle , and it cost I $ 10 more than the other unit .
CableModem	POS	5	Modem work as expect with no issue . my isp provider -lrb- bresnan -rrb- be finally upgrade to DOCsis 2.0 so I have to upgrade my old Linksys modem to one that support it . I simply unplug my old modem and replace it with this new one and then call my isp service department to give they the new MAC address . once they configure that on they end , I be back online and have have no problem since . I have almost always be satisfy with linksys product and use they often with little to no complaint .
CableModem	POS	5	install be simple . hook up cable and power . Charter instantly recognize I be use a different modem . type in my Charter account number and the MAC number off my old modem , in the provide space . do . be use it for two week now with no problem .
CableModem	POS	5	as a Comcast customer , I be a little hesitant to buy this modem after read all the review . however , I need a new one really bad because the old modem just keep on resetting ; also want to see how much speed improvement the DOCSIS 3.0 get . so I take the gamble and order one . I immediately open the box when it get deliver to my doorstep . plug in the power , wait a few minute for it to completely boot up , then plug Ethernet cable to the modem and directly to my laptop . Unplugged the coax cable from old modem and plug into the sb6121 modem . no surprise here , yellow warning icon . no connection . call Comcast and provide the MAC address -lrb- Comcast do not use customer s\/n for they setup -rrb- , but no luck as the rep tell I the router be show online but will not communicate with they server . still no luck after a couple of try , so she say to leave the modem on and she will call back to check in 30 min . 30 min pass . she call and give it another attempt ... nothing ! she then politely apologize about the situation and say the unit be probably a defect , suggest I return the item to get a new unit . -lrb- really ??? I think in the back of my mind -rrb- so I brush she off by thank she for she help , while tell myself this unit be perfectly fine . after I hang up the phone , I decide to power it off , turn back on and leave it on overnight -lrb- as other mention that method work for they -rrb- . little do you know . after power back on , I hit f5 to refresh my browser page . the rainbow color GOOGLE logo with a search bar underneath show up in the middle of the browser window . finally up and run !! quickly do a speedtest and get 14mbp download speed -lrb- subscribe for 10mbp -rrb- . it be blaze fast !! very stable and have not have to reset the modem after 1 month .
CableModem	POS	5	I have always consider Cisco the gold standard for network hardware , but they gear have usually be out of my price range . I be excite when I see the price tag on this so go for it . so far I have be very happy with it be performance and reliability . very highly recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	after use a different cable modem for year , one ` highly ' recommend by the cable company and techy at a very popular Comuter , etc , store , I purchase the cm100 . I have not have one single problem as compare to five or more per week with the recommend one . the cm100 be very easy to install and understand . a miracle in itself !
CableModem	POS	5	my wife install this cable modem on she Aunt 's home computer network to replace the Comcast rental -lrb- $ 5\/mo -rrb- . call in the MAC address -lrb- label on the modem -rrb- to Comcast and away she go .
CableModem	POS	5	the new Motorola 3.0 Cable Modem be a great deal ! the price be right for this modem . it be 3.0 speed and environmentally safe box make it a hit .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to use with comcast . you can not activate the MODEM THROUGH the ACTIVATION SCREEN that pop up , you must call COMCAST YOURSELF . save time and just call they , take about five minute to get it activate . no problem so far , the modem do not get hot just a little warm , and there be a speed small increase in internet speed . this be a good modem ; it 'll pay for itself in 12 month . would recommend .
CableModem	NEG	1	guy , I buy this about 6 month ago and it just die . do not waste you money and look for something else . I be go to check out a Netgear product now .
CableModem	NEG	1	I be in San Francisco Bay Area , use Comcast cable modem . after install this device , my internet connection stop work . it seem downstream be okay , but the upstream signal have problem . after remove the device , my connection work just like before . I be hope this device can get I a better upstream power level since mine be at the boderline , but no luck for I . on the side , watch out for the 75 ohm terminator seller offer . for my case , I be not pay attention , just click what seller recommend and trust the prime label . I end up pay $ 9 shipping for a $ 3 part . Amazon say it be my fault , and yes it be . but how can Amazon allow seller to put trap to trick Amazon 's customer . who be fault be it really ??
CableModem	POS	5	have roadrunner turbo . North Carolina . Doc . 3 not available in my area , but will be implement by the end of the year . -lrb- hahah , sure . -rrb- anyways , I be get 10mb on average , while drop down to 2 or 4mb during peak hour . have a UBEE doc . 2.0 modem , and finally say , `` screw it '' and get this one . take 2 hour on the phone with roadrunner support for they to finally approve my MAC address . the tier 1 tech can not approve the modem to work . you will have to go to tier 2 or 3 . once roadrunner finally approve the modem , it work flawlessly . I be get 20 mb steady during peak hour , and upload have increase from 500k to 2mb . Modem run a bit hot , but that be it .
CableModem	POS	4	Easy to setup especially if you be replace a exist cable modem . since I use Comcast and be use a older Motorola SB5100 series , I unplug the exist cable and just plug it into the new modem . all that be leave to get it setup be to call Comcast and tell they I buy a new modem and would be return the old rental . they need the modem 's MAC address which take approximately 5 minute and I be up and run . I have this near my home theater setup and notice the indicator light be very bright . you might need to turn the modem away or cover the light to dim the brightness . as for download and upload speed , I be see sustained 21 + mbps\/3 .7 mbp respectively . prior to the upgrade , it be about 18-19Mbps \/ 3.4 mbp . so not bad performance but better . my only other gripe be the price . just realize Costco have the sb6120 model for about $ 70 . if I have stop by earlier I would have buy it there and save some money since performance be about the same .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to stop pay a rental fee to Comcast . it be a compatible modem with they system and have be provide I with the same level of service\/speed as the rental do . one strange thing : apparently if you give Comcast the serial number , it automatically create the MAC address . in my case , it be create the wrong MAC address . if you be on the phone with Comcast and connectivity be a issue , ask they to read the number back to you and check they against what be on the modem . I unfortunately have to have a tech come to my home but check and see if this be you problem before they send someone out .
CableModem	POS	5	we be located at the end of the cable run and the picture quality have always be poor particularly on the higher channel . a extra tv require that a 3 way splitter be add and the result be a picture that be degrade to unacceptable level . I buy the bda-s4 because the spec be good and also because it be make by Motorola . the amplifier perform beyond my expectation . the picture be clear on all channel include the higher channel which have never come in this good .
CableModem	POS	5	we replace we old cable modem follow advice from Comcast and be not disappoint . we increase we download speed by 25 % and upload by 250 % . no problem with Comcast service rep for authorization for we Preformance service .
CableModem	POS	5	buy this to replace my Comcast Modem and save $ 7\/month . unit be very easy to setup . just follow install instruction and turn unit on . Comcast will automatically detect the new modem and set it up automatically . I be run in about 5 minute after I open the box !
CableModem	POS	5	I have a Comcast service and be rent modem from they . the set up be easy and fast . you just have to call Comcast to register the `` zoom '' and you be ready to go . no more rent and cable .
CableModem	POS	5	I be rent the Motorola Surfboard 5120 -lrb- sb5120 -rrb- from Comcast for $ 5\/month . this seem reasonable to I up until I find this modem for $ 30 include shipping . I will make my money back on the purchase in 6 month . excellent deal ! as other have mention all you have to do be call Comcast to activate this modem by give they the MAC address . it be both on the box , and on the unit itself . this process take I a grand total of about 15 minute once I open the box . this modem have plenty of speed out of the box . in response to other 's get up to 30 mb\/s , this be not go to be a cap on the modem 's ability . this instead be a cap limit by you service provider . this be a DOCSIS 2.0 Modem , which mean it can handle up to 42.88 mb\/s raw throughput -lrb- include overhead -rrb- or more simply 38 mb\/s -lrb- usable datum -rrb- . for I , I pay for 12 mb\/s on Comcast , and have see this modem get upward of 14 mb\/s , although this say nothing as to what the modem itself can handle . it be just Comcast not limit I strictly enough to what I have pay for .
CableModem	POS	5	plug it in to the local cable company line - suprise - it be still connect from the previouse home owner after sign up with the cable co they come out - even tho I say I didnt need they - and say test they run show it be do a good job ... too bad I sign up so soon hahaha have basic cable tv for a while - this check out cancel it - wouldnt sign up with they anyway - basic level have nothing leave in it these day worth watch cept the news .
CableModem	NEG	1	like most here , I have purchase this modem to replace rental modem from Comcast -lrb- $ 7\/month -rrb- . like few here , when I set the modem up , it would keep resete itself in 2-4 minute . when modem be only connect to the cable , it be look good , all light be on , but as soon as I connect the computer either directly or through the router , the connection would not last long , light would turn off and connection procedure would restart , then they would stay on for few minute and whole cycle would repeat . I be unable to finish the self registration because the modem would restart itself around the same time I submit the first screen , on few occasion I get through to the 2nd or once even 3rd screen . I have try with two laptop either directly or via modem but to no awail . after read review from similarly affect people here and elsewhere on the web , even though it may well be just the one instance I get , I have decide to return the modem completely and not ask for the replacement . instead , I have order the same modem I be rent from Comcast and have no problem with : `` ubee ddm3513 Docsis 3.0 Cable Modem '' . it should arrive today so I be really curious if I make the right choice . I wish Comcast have some kind of ` lease to buy ' program or option to purchase the equipment you be rent . UPDATE : ubee dm3513 modem work like charm right out of the box , with self registration I be up and run in about 10 minute .
CableModem	POS	5	after get hose by COMCAST for the last year I listen to a friend and buy a modem . the way it figure be that you pay they $ 7 - $ 10 a month to ` rent ' a modem . you buy this one and it pay for itself in a year .
CableModem	POS	5	I be very pleased with the Zoom 5350 Modem\/Router . I can now get wireless internet from anywhere in my house . a additional benefit be that my cable\/internet provider be charge I $ 7 per month for a modem so in approximately 1 year I 'll save enough to pay for the modem\/router .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace a old Linksys modem with this modem and have nothing but good word to say about it . Works great !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be great to increase datum for you home net but unfortunately , you service provider , like ours , may deliberately slow you connection speed to demand a higher payment for `` high speed '' access .
CableModem	POS	4	very nice one . it suit my need and up to the expectation . Easy to install and be satisfy with the product
CableModem	POS	5	this modem seem to perform well and setup be pretty quick and easy , include a call to Comcast for activation . DOCSIS 3.0 make a big difference in my internet download speed ... now up to 24-25 mbp . I have have it for less than a week , but so far I be very pleased .
CableModem	POS	4	Comcast be my inet provider and they send I a letter state that my modem be too slow to get the full benefit of xfinity speed and that I need to get a new modem . I call and be able to figure out that my modem be a DOCSIS 1.0 cable modem and that I need to get the newest available , DOCSIS 3.0 . I find this modem online and compare the price on Amazon , better price and very good review so I buy it . good product , great price !
CableModem	POS	5	all I have to do be to replace the old CableModem , hookup up the new surfboard , and call Comcast to give they the new MAC address , and within 5 minute the upgrade be complete .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be deliver exactly as promise , it arrive early , and it work great . my internet speed have more than double since switching from the modem I be rent from Charter .
CableModem	POS	5	install be fairly easy - have to call charter tech and they walk I through it & in 10 minute my internet be download 33 mg uploading 4 + mg - wow ! Super High speed ... Getcha some
CableModem	POS	4	this router have a lot of capability and install easily , either manually or by WPS . I have no issue with it in my mother 's apartment , a simple configuration with a pc , router and printer . the router be feed by Comcast . later , it become apparent that the throughput on wireless be somewhere between sluggish and abysmal . at first I think it be Comcast , then the pc . after try out multiple change include the computer , I be able to inch the speed up to nearly a usable level - - still pretty sad , maybe 1-2 megabyte per minute . just as a matter of thoroughness , I change the printer from wireless to usb . WOW ! what a difference . Wireless speed pick up by at least a factor of 10 . megabyte in seconds not minute . as of right now , I do not know if this be a router , configuration , or printer issue . it be not important to have the printer on wireless , so this riddle be go to remain unanswered for a while . I 'll leave the rating at 4 star instead of 5 because of the router `` IP Flooding '' set be one of the issue . this setting default to yes , and if set to no , the speed pick up significantly , perhaps 2:1 or more . this setting be access under the Firewall tab in the management page .
CableModem	POS	5	I like that this thing be gigabit and be faster than my cable systm . when the cable get faster I will not have to buy another router .
CableModem	POS	5	be have problem with people download movie on torrent web site , the company that provide internet service be crack down on illegal movie download . I receive notice from my company say that a movie have be download illegally , and i do want to take a chance of it happen again since no-one want to own up to do it . i get this with a netgear router and now i have those site block so they can not down load from they site . I find out they will be do that for music also and more company be go to start watch for this type of activity . Netgear give u more control that any of the other i have find and easy to set up , upon connact my cable carrier it be easy for they the activate . have be run great with no problem and no drop of signal .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this so i do not have to pay the leasing fee with Comcast but it would never keep a stable connection . Modem would reset every minute so it be basically useless . back to Amazon it go .
CableModem	POS	5	install immediately with xfinity -- very easy . but then I go to plug in the phone line -- oops ! my fault not theirs -- just think you would like to know . Amazon as always a simple return and buy a modem ` with telephony '' from Arris -- also through Amazon . up and work after a couple call to Comcast -- now do with the $ 7\/month rental fee -- do not ask how long I have be pay that !!!
CableModem	NEG	1	do not buy this modem because it do not last more than 1 month !!! first i see it be not bad . . but after all the light be not flash . . it become the worst thing to buy . the price be not very cheep . `` Touchstone Cable Modem WBM760A '' be better if you use comcast !
CableModem	POS	5	a few month ago , I order the 20 mbp speed from my isp , upgrade from 12 mbp due to multiple reload of streaming hd movie such as Netflix and Amazon movie . however , the speed be inconsistent . from time to time , my speed test would burst to 17 to 18 mbp , but most often stay around 12 mbp . I call technician out , I swap modem provide by my isp -lrb- rca dcm425 -rrb- , and I replace the cabling in my house . all to no avail . speed still consistently float around 12 mbp with infrequent burst of up to 18 . after struggle for month with my isp over not get the speed I be pay for , I finally break down and buy this modem as a last resort . honestly , I do not think it would make that much of a difference . I be convince the problem be with my isp . imagine my surprise when I plug this thing up , have my isp provision it , and run a speed test . speed test after speed test show a average of around 19 mbp , with the lowest speed at 18 mbp , and with burst up to 25 mbp . the speed be consistent from test to test . they most often float between 18 and 20 , but 1 time out of 10 , I 'll get a result of 25 . the packaging be very simple and the instruction be only one page . if you be a techno-geek , you 'll love the diagnostic build into this modem . the modem provide the downstream power level , upstream power level , snr , and much more . these stats come in very handy when it be time to call you isp support tech . and , you can compare you result with optimal range , easily find by search online for modem snr , downstream power , etc. . I can not say whether this product will solve you speed problem , but it do not hurt to try . even if it do not speed you connection up , you can return you rental modem back in and save yourself several dollar per month . in my case , it be save I $ 8 per month - and that be enough to pay for the recent Netflix price increase . \*\*\*\* Update \*\*\*\* this product be still go strong . it be still much more stable than my old rca cable modem . I have far fewer drop internet connection and fewer call to tech support . speed be still impressive . even when my connection drop to half for what I pay , this modem continue to deliver stable and consistent speed . rarely do my online streaming movie reset the connection during the middle of the movie , even at the lower speed .
CableModem	POS	5	I absolutely love this modem . the lead 's be super cool and the design be awesome for how compact it be . I have mine in open air not surround by anything and this modem never heat up it and have stay at the same temp as it first start . speed be amazing also , this modem keep I either at my advertised rate without drop in speed or it even increase it to almost 2x as fast as what I pay for . so far I get this to work with charter high speed call they to activate it and once activate there have be no problem at all . overall for a great Modem to replace you old beat up docsis 2.0 modem and take advantage of the new speed I would highly recommend this modem for a great internet experience . \*\*\* Update 6\/15\/12 \*\*\* : it time for out with the old and in with the new ! Docsis 2.0 modem now will be speed cap since cable network be upgrade to docsis 3.0 . that be why you need this guy ! . not only have it give I up to double my speed but it also give I a constant internet speed . I still highly recommend it !
CableModem	POS	5	I recently switch computer service provider and when tell I need this type modem , I really shop around before find a excellent price on Amazon . this purchase teach I to check Amazon FIRST !!!!!
CableModem	POS	5	Easy to set it up , and work well right out of the box . previously , with a different cable company at a former address , we use the cable company 's equipment . this time we buy we own with a switch to Comcast , and this be one of the cable modem Comcast recommend as compatible ... which it definitely be .
CableModem	POS	4	... it seem that various isp be break FCC regulation and Federal Law by refuse to activate some newer modem , in a attempt to force user to use a `` lease '' modem . there be a essentially identical version of this device , the sb6141 , which be the `` isp lease '' version of this . you can not buy that , at least not `` officially , '' mind you . Time Warner Cable have just have I on the `` loop '' for the past two and a half hour , and I be still on hold as I write this . they be tell I that the device be not on the `` approved list '' and thus can not be activate on they system . this , of course , be patent nonsense . all they require in order to access any device be -lrb- a -rrb- a device which speak the same electronic `` language '' -lrb- in this case , DOCSIS 3.0 , which TWC Austin support fully , and brag about support fully -rrb- , and -lrb- b -rrb- a valid , unique hfc MAC ID code . the MAC ID be what allow the two device -lrb- the isp 's `` source '' modem and you modem -rrb- to talk to each other , as the isp need to know that the ID it be talk to be a id which it be suppose to talk to , and they need to speak the same language . that be all that be REQUIRED ON ANY TECHNICAL BASIS whatsoever . it be a violation of Federal Law and FCC regulation for a isp to refuse to service any device which have a valid , unique , and `` not steal '' MAC ID and which use a approve communication protocol . those of you who have be tell `` Comcast will not support this '' or , as I just be , `` Time Warner will not support this , '' please realize , you be be rob , every bit as much as if they put a gun to you head and tell you to hand over you wallet . it be a crime for they to do this . I be currently on hold , with a `` customer advocate '' at Time Warner , attempt to get my personally-owned , legally-required-to-be-supported device add to my account . \*\*\*\*\*\* okay , after a long dialog where I quote letter and verse of Federal law to the `` advocate , '' I get they to add my modem to my account . and it be work flawlessly . I would not ordinarily post thing not specifically about the device on a review of the device , but in this case , I feel like it be necessary , as some folk may believe they have get a defective piece of hardware -lrb- base upon what the isp tell they -rrb- when this be not the case . my ping time have improve ... which be somewhat surprising to I , honestly ... from about 58m to around 20m . I be not sure why that be the case , but it be a good indication that I have a better connection -lrb- lower ping time mean less delay between when you send something at one end and when it be receive at the other end , basically -rrb- . my throughput be much more consistent and level , and I have not see any of the disconnection error I have see repeatedly with my older -lrb- DOCSIS 1.0 -rrb- modem . it seem to be perform flawlessly . if you have a internet service provider -lrb- isp -rrb- who have support for DOCSIS 3.0 -lrb- the latest iteration of the modem-interaction-language standard -rrb- , this be a great choice . just be prepare to have to argue a bit with you isp , who seem , in many case , to be do everything possible to get you to lease one from they instead of buy you own . once they give in and agree to activate the MAC code on they system , this will work just fine on ANY current isp , and will provide full DOCSIS 3.0 support on any DOCSIS 3.0-supporting network . do not let the script-reading `` support '' type tell you otherwise .
CableModem	POS	5	speedtest.net -lrb- thanks to the info provide somewhere -rrb- test download speed around 25 m with Comcast . no problem over 2 week so far and its size smaller than the Comcast rental . return rental on the day of account activation - feel good . by the way , eco friendly packing be a great idea , highly encourage .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem have be work properly , no issue so far . my isp be Charter , and this modem be deliver commit Internet speed .
CableModem	POS	4	read a lot of bad review on the product , so be tentative about the piece . Mine at least seem to be work fine since installation . check that netspeed be same as the one install by comcast .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem be exactly what I need . it support the fastest residential speed offer by Comcast -lrb- DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- , and I have not have a single problem with it since I start use it . it be only about 30 dollar more than the cheapest cable modem I could find . I would definitely recommend this cable modem , and I would purchase again .
CableModem	NEG	1	the modem be sell as `` new '' but when attempt to connect the modem to my cable account the modem be still tie to another person 's account . I waste three hour try to install a item thatius have no choice but to return and deal with the hassel of return and wait for a replacement .
CableModem	POS	5	Modem be very easy to hook up . love the slim design and the fact that you can either lay it flat or stand it up .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy a refurbish Linksys cm100 because my isp decide to go up on the rental even for modem already install , which make no sense whatsoever as they have already purchase the modem and there be no associated monthly expense other than a occasional replacement , just pure profit for they . I hope everyone do the same thing and `` stick it to the man '' as young people say these day . my only real complaint about the modem be the same as with other similar modem : no power switch so you have to unplug it to turn it off and the led be very bright at night and I find that annoy . as far as minor issue , the enclosed disc be not for OSX , only Windows -lrb- not that it be need -rrb- and the MAC address be print so small that I have to use a magnifying glass and a bright light to read it . if you do not get the MAC address right when you call you isp , it will not work at all . as a tip , the letter be slightly taller than the number so it be easy to tell a 0 from a o -- with the magnifying glass . the packing be secure with the component in a pulpboard tray inside two cardboard box . aesthetically , it have a small footprint and no extraneous design feature , which I appreciate . my isp 's tech support have some difficulty get I online with the new modem but it be all they fault and have nothing to do with the modem itself . at first he say the problem must be with the modem but I insist that he double check and he `` run diagnostic '' and keep I on hold for fifteen minute and then all be well after a restart of the modem and the computer . I do not make he explain what the problem be since I be just glad the problem be resolve and I have waste enough time . the entire call last exactly sixty minute ! a speed test show I be get the full speed subscribe to so no complaint on that -- it work just fine . before purchase this modem I do talk with my isp tech support to confirm it be compatible . they be switch over to DOCSIS 3.0 for higher speed but he say for anything under 10 mbp , DOCSIS 2.0 would continue to work fine indefinitely . still , check with you isp to be sure . my provider be RCN and they do not list this modem but he say any DOCSIS 2.0 modem would be fine . I be careful to purchase from a dealer who offer a seven day return as many seller force you to deal with Linksys for warranty issue even if it be DOA . update 9\/7\/12 : this little modem have be run continuously since purchase except when I have be out of town without any problem . it have pay for itself many time over in modem rental savings .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this install in place of my mot sb5101 ; my isp be Comcast . after test it appear that the -lrb- ... -rrb- yield different result on download from 6mz to 16mz depend on time of day . dsl report test give about a 40 % speed increase . so , it do appear offer superior speed to the sb5101 . also , the error rate on packet reception be significantly lower .
CableModem	POS	4	the Motorola sb6121 modem seem to be speed up my connection to the internet . I have only have it run for a few day but I immediately see a difference as soon as I connect it . Hope it continue to perform this well for a long time to come .
CableModem	POS	5	Comcast charge $ 7\/mo . as a modem rental fee . since I sign a 1 yr . contract with they , I figure that buy a compatible modem would be cheaper for I . after do some research , I decide to go with this product . I have have it for a month now , and so far , I have be very happy with it . Technically , I only pay for 20mbp internet , but since this be a docsis 3 modem , I end up get about 25mbp when I be use wire internet . not a bad situation to be in : -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be very easy to set up . it only take one phone call to Comcast , and it have work like a charm since .
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase the Motorola sb6121 because we be move and change cable company . the day that the cable installer set up the connection to the house , I have leave the modem behind at the hotel where I be stay before the mover arrive with we household goods . later that day , I hook up the modem and find it to be very easy to do . I connect it to my laptop that I have with I and it work like a charm . once the household goods arrive and I be able to set up my desktop Lenovo computer , connection to the modem be again easy . I run a speed test and the modem deliver every bit of the megabyte that the cable company say we connection should produce . for price and ease of use , this be a good buy .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use the 6121 modem with Comcast 's Xfinity internet service over the course of several month and so far everything have work perfectly with no problem . datum speed be typically 20-25 mb\/s download and 3.5-4 mb\/s upload . I buy this unit because I have read account of reset problem and other glitch experience by user of earlier Surfboard modem model , and thus far , it have meet my expectation for problem-free use . I feel the need to comment on the unit 's warmth , since other user have criticize this unit as become excessively warm during operation . maybe those user receive faulty unit , but my experience do not square with theirs ; I have put my hand on the unit multiple time to feel its warmth -- in my opinion , this unit do not become any warmer during use than any other electronic network device , include wireless router and voip adapter . I have use earlier surfboard modem -- the great 4200 and 5120 -- and I can honestly say that this unit do not get any warmer than those earlier model . it be slightly warm to the touch , but not overly `` hot '' at all , and I feel this be totally normal for this type of device . so , I be not concern with this aspect of the unit . once the modem be up and run , you can type 192.168.100.1 \/ index . htm into you web browser in order to reach the status page for the modem and view useful network statistics .
CableModem	POS	5	the seller package this item very carefully and ship it post haste . the product be excellent and do what it be advertise to do . the price be excellent and I recommend they highly . I have a long run of coax from the cable provider to the last tv set on the line and this device fix the problem of all tv in the house not receive the identical channel . it be easy to overlook the lose of signal in the wire . this device compensate very well . I highly recommend it .
CableModem	POS	5	setup be hassle free with this cable modem . Modem have plenty of capacity to maximize my current speed from my cable provider with lot of room to grow when the cable provider upgrade they infrastructure in the near future . Easy interface with my wireless router .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this little speed demon now for a little over 10 day . it work great with absolutely no flaw . I just go with Comcast in Northern ca , after be with att for the last 12 year . with att I have drop internet at least 3 time a day . Comcast and new cable modem do not believe in drop internet . go from under 5 mb with att to 26 plus mb with Comcast . after switch over to Ooma and drop att , I now pay less than I pay for the att with phone and internet charge . Life be good . while it be true that no instruction or warranty card come with the Ubee , the hook up be pretty much impossible to mess up since all the cable will only fit into they respective orifice . have not have one drop internet connection with the Ubee or Comcast . Good-Bye att . its be fun all these year . I would consider come back if you would get better product and service than my current isp . it be call COMPETITION ... and you lose !
CableModem	POS	5	I be look to reduce my monthly cable\/internet bill at home so I cancel my modem rental from the cable company . I buy this , plug it in , and it just work . it be be about a year and I have not have to unplug it since I first power it on . it be also pay for itself already . stick it to the -lrb- cable -rrb- man ... cancel you cable modem rental and get one of these .
CableModem	POS	5	Easy set up . Works well with Charter Cable . the installer come in , run the cable provision the modem and it be do . nothing for I to `` configure '' or fiddle with . since then it `` just work '' the way it be suppose to . use the modem for Charter 's 30M down , 4m up service level . the only thing I miss -lrb- vs. my old dsl modem -rrb- be a activity light that blink in sync with the traffic that be actually pass through . the 6121 have a activity light that just flash at a constant speed , all the time . the real activity light give I a sense of what be happen on the network connection - but now with 5x faster speed , maybe that will not be a concern . bottom line , I recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	5	this be the second Motorola cable modem I have purchase -lrb- I lose the first when my apartment burn down -rrb- , and it seem as reliable as the first . I hope to get as many year out of this one as the first . so far , so good .
CableModem	POS	5	it arrive shortly after order . the prong on the plug be a little bent , but I just get out the pliers and fix it . just plug everything in how comcast , or whoever , have theirs set up and you be almost there . the next time you try to log on to the internet , it will walk you through how to register it and then internet will be yours and you will no longer have to pay comcast they 7 dollar every month for a little box that you can install all by yourself .
CableModem	POS	4	to keep it short , I can not find anything wrong with this product , in fact it be easy to install and easy to use . I have use it for a month now and it have not give I any issue . I would recommend it to someone look to use it with a 15mbp connection .
CableModem	POS	5	the sb6121 be a great update to the Surfboard sb4200 that I use previously especially since my cable provider warn I that I be about to lose my service due to obsolescence . the sb6121 be smaller much better ventilate and look better in the black case . the price be good and the sb6121 be east to install . unfortunately the unit have a external transformer that add one more to the mass of transformer power my other component . the indicator light be on all the time green and blue . the flash orange connection indicator light be a little strange but I have get accustomed to it . I would recommend this cable modem to someone .
CableModem	POS	5	double my internet speed . Easy set up but you do need to call you cable provider and activate the unit . im with comcast , give they the serial number off the side of the modem and be on line in seconds . very well make product .
CableModem	POS	5	Comcast in the San Francisco area be my cable and internet provider . I have rent they modem at $ 3 a month for many year . they do I a favor when it be announce that they would be increase they modem rental to $ 5 a month ! I buy the Linksys cm 100 Cable Modem , make by Cisco , after read a review of how good it work with Comcast , with faster speed than when use the Comcast modem . installation be easy , BUT , remember to unplug you router if you have one , and plug the modem directly into you computer for installation . it would have be nice if the installation direction and cd which come with the modem make that very clear , because , even though I show connectivity , when I call Comcast to give they the MAC number and get my new modem register with they , I could not get a browser to open up . Comcast have always be very helpful if I have ever have a connectivity problem , and that be the first question they ask : do I have a router ? once I disconnect the router and reinstall the modem with the CD , which take 2 minute , Comcast get I online and my browser come up right away , and I reconnect my router with no problem since . in less than a year at $ 5 a month my modem will have pay for itself with the one time cost . I be very happy with it , and thank Comcast for save I money in this regard !
CableModem	POS	5	my current cable company offer the option to buy a ` approve ' modem or rent one from they and pay a monthly fee . I have have to deal with the cable company 's rental modem before : after have my surfboard for a month I can attest that the upfront cost be absolutely worth it ! I have have this for a month and I have not have to call my cable company and sit on hold for hour wait for a reset on the line yet : my first month on a rental be a nightmare , I assure you . with a good router , this be a fast and reliable modem . it also happen to be a rather attractive and simple design - it be not over do and it be certainly not as unattractive as a lot of other modem : -rrb-
CableModem	POS	4	the product install fairly easily , except Comcast could not see it - though it do not help to mistake a d for a zero on the id\/serial number when I call to report it as not work . -lrb- Comcast have to `` register '' the new one and remove the replace one from its database . -rrb- it do not seem as hot -lrb- temperature -rrb- compare with what some review have say . I really have not notice any speed improvement , then again , I have not be streaming video or download a lot of datum , and most of my use be wireless which be the primary reason for anything slow . I mostly get it so I would be ipv6 ready , and for the docsy 3 . x -lrb- Comcast keep call about upgrade , and they may insulate user from have to be ipv6 capable , similar to you router give you computer a IP that be different than the one you isp give you connection\/modem . -rrb- I receive it in a appropriate time . packaging be real simple . the only thing I really do not like be that the activity light flash orange -lrb- the bottom lead in the product 's photo -rrb- when orange normally tell I `` warn '' . I give the product 4 of 5 due to the orange led and because I have not notice any speed improvement . -lrb- I should have run a before\/after speed test ! -rrb-
CableModem	NEG	1	I be in a bind and I need it in a hurry . it arrive earlier than promise and in good condition . imagine my surprise when the technician plug it in and it would not connect . I be in a bind so I have to rent one of they modem until I could replace it . my other option be to wait and pay for another service call ... I need the connection asap . I buy a better cable modem at the big box and get a much better deal . and it work when we connect it and plug it in . foolish I , I do not shop the price like I should have . the exact same modem be $ 30 cheaper at the big box . I return the modem to Amazon . no muss , no fuss , no hassle . they reverse the charge promptly . this transaction have change my opinion of shopping at Amazon . two bad experience with Amazon within the same month . I will be more careful with future purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be purchase to use with my new internet ready WIFI tv which be in my living room about 30 foot from my desk top and modem . the modem be fast and provide a signal equal to be hard wire to my tv . I be very pleased with my choice of modem .
CableModem	NEU	3	I be a renter and have move around a lot over the past 5 year so I always figure , `` just rent the modem , I do not want to be stick with a expensive piece of hardware that could be worthless if I move . '' then , after price everything out it make sense . quick math : Comcast want $ 7\/month to rent they modem -lrb- which be a worse quality modem -rrb- . you sign a 12-month contract with Comcast . $ 7\/month \* 12\/months\/year = $ 84 per year . even if you move after you contract be up , this modem will have a resale value , conservatively , of 50 % . it be insane to rent a modem . just buy this and sleep easily at night .
CableModem	POS	4	it boost my signal , but I still need some more boost . 300 foot from the road , two way communication be weak and I still get checker board digital screen on some of the low power channel . at least I can see 99 % of the channel now .
CableModem	POS	5	I be on dsl for year but decide to try out cable . we already have expand basic cable service , so the self-install be easy . take about 10 minute to set this up after a call to the cable company - it be plug-and-play . Modem be well build and solid . do not run `` hot '' as indicate in another review -lrb- at least mine do not -rrb- . after be on for hour the top be warm , but not overly so . my little dsl modem get just as warm , or warmer , than this one . nice little rubber foot . I do not want the model with the build in wireless router . I would rather have a separate router for upgrade , flexibility , and the fact that if one or the other crap out I do not have to toss the whole unit . it be more expensive this way I guess , and take up slightly more room , but that be ok . speed be excellent . I be pay for 15 mbp service but routinely get 20-30 mbp depend on time of day . upload speed have be consistently around 3 mbp . I have read that DOCSIS 3.0 allow for better speed control by the cable company , but I be happy with this speed to be sure . I be run this through multiple splitter - maybe three . we live in a old 1927 house , so the wiring be not the best in the world . I have have one drop connection -lrb- a t3 or t4 timeout I believe the modem log say -rrb- . I re-seat the cable connection at the back and the modem re-booted fine . the stability seem fine so far . the only thing I do not like be that the bottom indicator -lrb- for device connection -rrb- flash instead of be constant . Amber for regular ethernet speed or blue for gigabit - my router be regular speed so I get amber . it be not a deal breaker but why have a constantly flash light ? somewhat annoying . I would prefer it be a steady light , and flash only if something be wrong . I have research this and it seem to be the way this modem be configure , for some reason . it would be nice if a firmware update could address this but I be not hold my breath . it look nice imo . no funky weird line or angle , just a nice little black box with cool light . it be well ventilate too . I would buy another one if need .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use my own Motorola sb4200 with Comcast for quite a while . so long , that Comcast inform I that the unit be now `` end of support '' , and that I might be get less throughput than I be pay for , due to the old hardware . purchase the sb6121 , and spend a couple of minute on the phone with Comcast support to get the new modem activate . speed test on the old sb4200 just before I unplug it : 12mb down \/ 2mb up . speed test on the new sb6121 -lrb- same website , minute apart -rrb- : 24.5 mb down \/ 3.6 mb up . I be so stunned by the improvement that I ask Comcast support to confirm that they have provision it for the proper rate on my account . the answer come back `` affirmative . '' the novelty of rapid download have not wear off yet - android update to my Touchpad report `` 19 % , 65 % , do ! '' , and that be over wi-fus ! as the title indicate , color I thrill !
CableModem	POS	4	this modem be easy to install . if anyone be have issue get this to work with they wireless router try do this : connect the two device together and then hit the reset button on the back of the modem . it take a few minute , but work every time . do not forget to call you service provider to get this provision . they will nee the mac address of the modem to get it online with they network . the only con to this be that it do not support DOCSIS 3.0 . I contact cisco to check on this think it may just be a firmware issue and I confirm that cisco\/linksys do not have a modem that do . other than that this thing be great . I recommend that if you purchase a wireless router to go with this to check out the Buffalo wzr-hp-g300nh . it have a easy setup user friendly interface or you can use the advanced one that come install .
CableModem	POS	5	Got this modem and right away have the problem that ` niideep ' write in he review . I follow he advice exactly and within a few hour the modem be up and run flawlessly . the key be to hook it up to the cable and leave it alone for about 2 hour . that be what I do . I then have to wrestle with the Comcast activation page for about 45 minute but finally it take and walum , everything be fine . no drop in service at all . the Comcast tech guy be suppose to come and do this for I but I be glad I do it myself now because I think he would have give up have the modem not initialize right away which alot of time it will not . again , read ' niideep 's ' review and follow what he say . this be indeed a great modem . I initially pair this modem with the Mediabridge router you see everyone buying , but the range be not good enough for I so instead I get the Belkin 600 and that hook up very easily and have be great despite the so-so review . again , I think you can not go wrong with this Modem if you be patient . special thanks . to ` niideep ' for he great review and advice which get I through this process .
CableModem	POS	5	excellent product at a great value . delivery be quick . setup be easy . work great so far . also purchase in conjunction with Belkin router and they be a great combo .
CableModem	POS	5	Great modem Works like a chame with Comcast service . save the modem charge from comcast and get a better modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to use with xfinity internet service from Comcast . it work like a charm . I like that it have built-in wireless , as well as four ethernet plug-in . it be cheaper than rent a modem from Comcast , so long as you keep it for a few year .
CableModem	POS	5	should have try unhook the old amp first because it be not work very good , then the lightning make it work not all all . after install the unit , all the station , and more , come in much better . need the splitter becasue I be too lazy to want to go down in the basement and change the cable . note a `` 10 '' gain on the converter box signal after hook it up .
CableModem	POS	5	Modem work great . stay connected continuously and have a build in diagnostic web page to help diagnose issue . no complaint .
CableModem	NEG	1	\* warning : LINKSYS will send you a BROKEN PRODUCT \* this ITEM will not work \* absolute garbage . I purchase mine and receive the modem , receipt , cd , power cable , ethernet cable and a usb cable . no instruction . none on the CD . CD do nothing . even view the `` manual '' on the CD do not give you any information as to how to install this . the program on the CD , do nothing - no choice to install , no nothing . useless . now , I have use many cable modem in the past , and I know it be just plug and play . that do not work . it appear to I that after plug everything in , the cable modem go through a self-test , then die . the only light that would stay light be the power light . the other would blink as they be test , but then turn off . useless . I finally use the control panel to `` install new hardware '' and search the CD for driver . it install fine . but it do not work . the modem itself be garbage . now what ? send it back to Linksys ? pay more in ship this item back and forth than I pay for the item itself ? useless . this be a scam . Linksys be garbage . they be try to pass of this piece of crap that be make with known defective piece . \* do NOT BUY THIS \* spend the extra money and get a REAL CABLE MODEM FROM ANOTHER MANUFACTURER \* \* UPDATE : so - I have since have this modem `` install '' , or attempt to have it install . the cable guy who come to my house run test on this modem , and he could not get it to work . he call it `` garbage '' and we immediately throw it out . so , as I say originally , it be a broken item . I be happy to finally throw this out . I have since buy a work modem from Motorolla - and it be perfect . please avoid this piece of junk . \*
CableModem	POS	5	I receive this item and have make arrangement to cable service start . what I think be interesting be the tech from Comcast say this device be completely unusable since the serial number have be register elsewhere I have to rent a unit from he . after a couple of day , I call the service department and while on the phone he tell I all I need be the MAC address and they would take care of the rest . well , needless to say , the unit work great ! be even able to connect my router to and set up my network with no issue . what be Comcast think ? well , when I get my bill they overcharge I for the service I sign up for and keep the rent charge on the bill after I return they modem . the modem work great and I be glad I make the purchase !
CableModem	NEG	1	note : this review be not to criticize the modem . it work fine . however , beware of purchase from seller ` portable Guy ' . the modem they ship I be `` new '' just 4 + year old . I could not get my laptop to reccognise the modem so I call Cisco . after give the operator the serial number I be tell the modem be so old they no longer support it and the manufacture warranty expire 26 month ago . thanks for the burn , a \*\*\*\*\* e.
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this product a month before move into a new house . once we move in we set everything up , and the product be extremely unreliable . at least 5 time a day , vary from 5 to 30 minute , the modem would drop the signal . we be not sure if the problem be the modem or the cable , so we purchase another modem and we have not have any problem since then . unfortunately , because we buy the product so far in advance of we move , we can not return it now either . we would not recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	4	not much instructional info with it , but easy enough to install . Works great . it stop the loss of image and allow I to pick up channel that be to weak to get without the booster .
CableModem	POS	5	I do not get why all these people be have problem install this . electronic thing be not my forte . I be the `` hit the big button '' type . you disconnect you current modem . you put this one in , in it be place . it do have its own power cord , so you will need to climb under\/around the desk to get that square away . it turn on . call you cable company , they need some number off of the include paperwork . they do they thing . they may ask you to unplug the power supply from the back of it , so go ahead and do that . they will tell you when to plug it back in , so do that too . voila ! I be a 64 yr old grandmother with Comcast Cable . my friend who be 72 and have Charter do the same thing .
CableModem	NEU	3	I have Comcast and that be a problem for a few people . I go ahead and buy the item . I have to call Comcast several time before get the item to work . it be a lot more headache than anticipate . I be somewhat computer savy and I have wire home and car . this be not rocket science . I have do it many , many time . so take it for what it be worth . the item work perfectly now . I think Comcast get 70 % of the blame . I 'll rate it 4 out of 5 .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy a refurbish Linksys router and it have work well now for over a year so I feel that buy a refurbish Linksys modem be a fairly safe bet . how wrong I be . as instruct I call comcast to give they the Mac address of the router however could not get the modem to show up with comcast . we try for hour with several different technician and supervisor but to no avail . add to this there be a no return policy for this unit . do not waste you money .
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this to take the place of a sb6120 that my grandson decide need to be hit against a wall . oh well . anyway , it appear to function the same as the 6120 . I do notice that on a few speed test I do go over 62mb . I never get over 59mb on the 6120 . now do that mean it be faster or better ? who know ! I know I do not know ! I have notice a uptick in the wireless network . I be run the modem through my latest generation Apple Wireless with my iMac hard wire via ethernet . I also use a extreme to extend the network as the speed drop on my wireless network in the front of the house . so the modem work well , do not seem to heat up , keep the signal , look nice , have pretty button , ok I be ramble ... ... ... ... look it work . if and when it act up I will update my review to indicate problem .
CableModem	POS	5	high speed , easy to setup on you own and will save a rental fee . I hope I can use it with other company . I get speed -rrb- 34mb all the time .
CableModem	POS	4	Took Comcast about 2 hour to install , over the phone , late August 17 , 2012 . laptop gigabit controller would not properly recognize modem and would run only at 10 mb instead of 1000 . use a Dell XPS l511z to connect to modem . when I hook the laptop up before call Comcast the LAN would run at 1000 mb . Comcast could not get the lan to run over 10 , so they suggest try another computer . use a older xp m140 laptop purchase 6 year ago but run Windows 7 and it work at its network card 's max rate , 100 mb . restart modem and then hook it to Netgear router -lrb- 100 mb WAN input -rrb- and it seem to work fine with wire lan run at 100 mb , but the internet do go out unexpectedly once but start right up when I reset the router , but not the modem . the modem show it be get a internet connection , but the router show no internet connection . have Comcast blast -lrb- advertise here in dc metro area at 50 down\/10 up -rrb- . Got letter from Comcast recommend upgrade to 3.0 modem and this modem get they 3 star test and be recommend . previous modem Motorola SB5101 work fine and be 5 year old , but its download max be about 38 and sometimes just over 40 , but speed vary a lot and it be never consistent . upload be usually less than 4 . with sb6121 , speed be consistently 52 download and 10 upload . wifus download be about half the wire rate when the laptop be close to router , use Netgear usb 72 mb wireless . wifus upload be 10 . it seem to be work well .
CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this product a few day ago from a local microcenter . Microcenter have two modem available , this one and the Zoom DOCSIS 3.0 . the zoom be 10 dollar cheaper . I never hear of Zoom so I decide to go with linksy since I feel they be the trust name . I do not want to end up get what I pay for . take it home , register my MAC and SN online through Comcast and have some problem in the begin then everything work fine . I be able to watch a movie on Netflix without any issue . then the problem come on my first day work from home . like other have state it repeatedly drop connection and then reconnect . this become extremely annoying quickly as I use VirtualBox to boot Windows on my Mac and then remote Desktop to my work pc . I would be in the middle of typing and then the cursor would stop . I could not click any of the window . that be when I know the connection drop . sometimes the connection would reconnect quickly enough to avoid Windows make I reconnect manually . that be when I come here to see if anyone be have the same problem and surely enough they have ! I take this back to Microcenter and get the zoom . so far no issue but will have to wait and see . I be hope the positive review on the Zoom be consistent . my suggestion be to avoid any product that have inconsistent result and report from a number of user .
CableModem	POS	5	the review for the CISCO cm100 answer all of the question that I have before this item be purchase . price , the necessary step to activate , and the satisfaction each of the buyer have with the unit .
CableModem	POS	5	I be not tech-savvy , but I order this for use with cable internet -lrb- previously have dsl & need new modem -rrb- . the Charter installer be able to use this modem -lrb- instead of lease one from Charter -rrb- and the modem be work just fine .
CableModem	POS	5	I be pull above 50mbit with my Comcast 50Mbit plan . that be fine by I . I think this bad boy clock I at 54mbit by 11mbit . not bad . some people complain it get hot ... no such issue here . it be warm , but most of my router get hotter than this . believe I I be put it through the wringer . my bandwidth usage with this bad boy over 3 week or so be very close to 1tb -lrb- that be 1000gb -rrb- . Uptime be great as well . I have some issue programming it but whatever , I have not not have such problem . just call Comcast and give they you digit if the online tool do not work . keep you box , it have a special serial -lrb- customer s\/n -rrb- as some mention . regards , will
CableModem	NEG	1	just do not help at all . make the picture worse , may have be defective so I send back . just get a good splitter from the local electronics store and it help much more than the signal booster .
CableModem	NEG	1	I be sure this unit work , but I get a lemon , and for that reason , I be annoyed and make sure you know it . the `` receive '' signal do not work , despite call to Motorola and Comcast . they all confirm it be in fact defective . brand new , out of the box defective . thanks Motorola !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work great . I hook it up with a netgear wndr3700 . after the basic and Wireless setting on the router be do and the modem get provision by Time Warner . it be work great .
CableModem	POS	5	this product cm100 -lrb- docsys 2.0 -rrb- compare to my old Linksys -lrb- Docsys 1.1 -rrb- router be amazing . go from 4 down 700k up through router to 10 down 2 up through router with 20 down\/4up when connect straight to modem . just when you first connect it up , turn off computer and do not connect you router . power up computer and Modem . call isp with MAC address , then power everything down , connect router and turn everything back on . good to go .
CableModem	POS	5	receive the modem , swap out with old one , have new MAC register , and it work great . now I get the full speed up\/down that I have be pay for .
CableModem	POS	5	I know up-front from other review that get this modem to work as a replacement for my old docsis 1.5 + + surfboard would require talk to the folk at comcast , and restart several computer and a router . the changeover be simple once I get past Comcast 's hell-spawned robot answering system with its vehement attempt to `` help I '' and be able to speak with a person in billing . yes , it be billing which handle the whole `` MAC Address to customer id '' mapping ; they also provide I with the answer the outsourced customer service could not , regard whether and how much I would pay and benefit from a higher price datum plan . it be well worth it . I have to reset the cable modem three time -lrb- one be because my netgear wifus router become confused -rrb- and then , even with two people do fairly high-bandwidth-intensive thing , I have be very happy . my only downside : this unit come with yet another wall wart .
CableModem	POS	5	we just buy this as a upgrade from a older Motorola modem , and we love it . we play online game and the old modem would boot we offline frequently and would reset randomly periodically during the day . after figure out that maybe we modem just could not handle it - I do some research , find this to be Comcast approve , call Comcast for setup , and it work like a charm -lrb- so far -rrb- . speed be noticeably faster and the connection be far more stable . would definitely recommend . setup be easy - but I do recommend call you cable provider so they can send a signal to the modem and get it set up . the only thing I find annoying about this modem be that the datum link constantly flash make I think the modem be offline - but this be normal for this model . I be very happy with it .
CableModem	NEG	1	I have have numerous cable router but none have so many connection issue like this one . get a signal be completely hit or miss -lrb- mostly miss -rrb- , and this be on a wire connection , I do not even bother try wireless before return .
CableModem	POS	5	require a call to comcast customer service for a serial number input . after that , it worked\/works extremely well ! ca not recommend this enough .
CableModem	POS	5	for the price , this thing will pay for itself in no time . it be much better quality than tha bulky modem you get when you sign up for a account with the cable company . I also see this at best buy for 80 dollar so you be get a good deal here . I almost always buy new but for something like this ... it really do not matter . I would do it again .
CableModem	POS	5	with my previous DOCSIS 2.0 modem it be almost impossible for I to use the internet at certain time of day . Performance would be great at like 3am or other low-traffic time , but from about 4pm to 8pm my internet would be cripple . I be confident my other modem be functional and that there be not any issue with Comcast . so I decide to give this modem a shot and see if have multiple channel in use would make a difference . after two week of use I can say that here really be not a major increase in top speed , but I have experience a incredible increase in reliability . I can hop on my computer I use the internet any time of day without any trouble at all . so the DOCSIS 3.0 support for multiple channel be a huge benefit . I would definitely recommend upgrade to a DOCSIS 3.0 modem if you be use a older model and experience slow speed at specific time of day .
CableModem	POS	4	buy this modem with the idea that it can handle much higher speed in the future . so far I have be very pleased with performance and installation be a snap .
CableModem	POS	5	the three word describe my review : small , easy , reliable pretty much sum up this product . this be the second one I be buying -lrb- the first be for my dad 's house -rrb- and now one for my home . its responsive , solid , and back by the market 's lead network manufacturer . not to mention its one of the only modem out there that have the service to back up the price . plus - who want to pay a rental fee with they isp ? lame right ? get the Cisco cm100 couple with the Cisco Linksys Router -lrb- form g w \/ linux os -rrb- and you be look at a flawless system set up to run 2 + year without hiccup .
CableModem	POS	5	this be the 2nd Motorola modem I have buy . my last modem be sb5101 and be work just fine but realize I need a faster modem for gaming . this new modem have better lead indicator light , more stability\/balance , and many ventilation hole to keep the modem cool . my isp be cox and activation go smoothly without problem . I have test my internet connection on speedtest.net and pingtest.net beforehand and here be my result , sb5101 ; downstream : 27.35 mb , Upstream : 1.89 mb , Ping : 16m , Jitter : 4m sb6121 ; downstream : 41.75 mb , Upstream : 4.95 mb , Ping : 10m , Jitter : 1m -lrb- wire directly to my pc -rrb- I could clearly see the speed even on my browser , as it load page faster than before . my gaming experience be even better with less lag . do not hesitate to buy this , especially gamer . do not be a noob !
CableModem	POS	5	just finish install a refurbish cm100 on Comcast . very simple to do . call to Comcast just require the model and MAC . sixty seconds later I be surf again . speed be either the same or a little faster . I be already get 6 - 10mb download . after hang up with Comcast I recable my router back in and all computer be blaze . if you be pay monthly rental for modem I would strongly suggest buy you own . I can not believe I have be pay rent for at least 10 year . yike that be $ 3600 . do it now !
CableModem	POS	4	if you lease you cable modem from you isp , you be overpay . this puppy pay for itself within 10 month , and with any luck it 'll last 10 year . that be how long I have my old Moto SurfBoard modem . it occur to I to check with my service provider to see if the old modem be slow I down , and sure enough , as a DOCSIS 1.0 modem , it have be blacklist by the company . turn out I could lease a new one from they , or buy my own . so look around the web , read some review , and this sb6121 model get generally good review . I be able to self-provision this new model use Charter 's web-based tool , and within 15 minute I be up and run . hook it up to my wi-fi router , configure the router , and all my device have connectivity . so far so good . the speed difference be amazing . I be finally able to take advantage of all those bandwidth improvement the cable company have be make . even though I be still use a wi-fi n\/g\/b compatible setting on the router , the speed I be get be 2 to 3 time faster than what I have be get with my old modem in place . I have a Apple tv , and since I install the new modem , Netflix streaming be good to go . I no longer get buffer delay , and the video quality be always the highest available . this new modem be smaller , lighter , make more of cheap plastic than my old one , but be in every other way better . at $ 86 on Amazon , it be well worth it . and if you get a defective one , like some of the poster here have , you can return it to Amazon no question ask .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this to use with Comcast cable internet since it be on there approve list -lrb- leave 6 year of crappy att dsl 6.0 Extreme which just seem to get worse and worse as we use it and add on more device -rrb- . Works great and be easy to install . sine it be pair with a Netgear 3700v2 router it be in `` bridge '' mode which Comcast have to do for you , so you can not see any specifics about the modem once it be behind the router , which be expect . I have look at they and it seem to be work very fast with Comcast . we get a clean signal 6-10 m ping , no packet loss and 25mbp down and 4mbp up , which be great since we have 5 computer , 3 PS3 's , 5 pda -lrb- iphone , android -rrb- phone ,5 hd\/dvr Directv reciever with whole home dvr hook up to internet and a att Microcell Tower which which work like VOIP for better cell phone coverage . so you can see we be task this thing and it just keep on go . my 3 kid do a lot of online multiplayer gaming mw3 , battlefield 3 , etc. so we use alot of datum for gaming and Netflix , Vudu video download \/ streaming , last month be 465gb datum use . anyway it work well and have get good review feedback by other .
CableModem	POS	5	product arrive in good time . I install this on charter cable , plug it in and a interface page pop up and ask a couple question that be it . have be run for a couple week with no problem .
CableModem	POS	5	I have try cable tv amplifier in the past but they seem to actually make the picture worse . there be so many cable split in my house for my various tv and device -lrb- TiVo , Media Center PC , etc -rrb- that the analog channel picture quality on many be fuzzy or have distortion and I could not get many unencrypted digital qam channel at all . this both improve to analog channel to as perfect as analog get , and allow I to get the qam channel that disappear after the split !
CableModem	POS	5	THIS CABLE MODUM work just great easy to replace . good for use with charter so you do not HAVE to RENT IT MONTHLY !
CableModem	NEG	2	this product be great ... for 6 month . then it fail completely . I can access the modem from my pc , but can not get through to the internet . fortunately I still have the old sb4200 from year ago . it be slower , but it still work . okay , 3 day later , I reconnect the sb6121 modem and it work fine . it do drop this morning -lrb- 8\/15 -rrb- but after turn the power off and back on , reconnect with no problem . it be a bit of a puzzle but for now , I be back to be satisfy . until the next time !?!
CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this modem after my Motorola Surfboard keep drop out . this one be more stable for the first few month , but after that I notice a sharp decline in my upload speed -lrb- it go from around 2mbp to .15 mbp -rrb- . after fight with my cable company for a few week and try just about everything I could think of to fix the problem , I finally decide to try switch it out with my old surfboard modem . this fix the issue . there be no doubt in my mind that this modem be the problem . I would not recommend this product and I be currently look for a new modem .
CableModem	POS	5	get a use Motorola dsl modem sb5100 but do not come with the power supply . get this replacement and it work perfectly , no problem what so ever , and it come with a unbitable that price .
CableModem	POS	5	so I need to say first off I buy this Modem for my new comcast service installation . before I have use the rental modem at several other place but note that my best internet speed be always with the Aris modem I have rent from comcast originally . I do the math and determine that in the long run buy my own modem be cheaper than a rental , plus I could take it with I when I move . -lrb- College student -rrb- so I have use speedtest to see that although I be pay for a 25mb\/s connection I be get nowhere near that speed with the previous qwest and comcast modem . I be not happy at all . Immediatley upon installation I run a speedtest and find that with my 25mb\/s connection I be get 40mb\/s download and 25mb\/s upload . this be AMAZING compare to the 12mb\/s download and 6mb\/s upload I be get with my previous modem . . now the bad , this guy be a pain to install . I do network management and computer repair and have install dozen of modems\/router setup . this guy just do not want to connect to comcast . I have initially have it install next to my tv then within a few hour want it directly hook to my router and desktop in the next room over . upon unplug it and run a line over to the next room I have hour worth of try everything from reset all of these device and troubleshooting . I eventually just leave it unplug for a hour or so as I be about to return the item as I fear it be defective . upon my return I replugg the entire setup into my network and it immediately connect to comcast as it should . I can not say this be optimum for any piece of hardware but I be happy with my new device and internet speed . I can stream movie and the such while play counterstrike with no drop in bandwidth or lag .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this to replace a old DOCSIS 2.0 Linksys cable modem\/router . it be easy to install ! I do not even need to use they technical support . it have not give I any trouble since the day i install it . I would certainly recommend it if you be look for a new modem .
CableModem	NEG	1	i be look to upgrade to a DOCSIS 3.0 i do a lot of research and this seem like the best choice , over the sb6120 and the 6580 , because i already own a linsys e2000 . after some troubleshooting over the phone with comcast , i have to exchange it for another modem because it keep restart itself . well the second one be do the same thing . i be not gonna try a third one , motorolum release a bad modem . gonna try the 6120 next , it have the same firmware and docsis 3.0
CableModem	POS	5	Have have the same modem for about 10 year and it finally start give I problem . talk to comcast and they say I should change it out and the loss connectivity issue would go away . as well as I get all the speed I be pay for on the internet . for once they where right . connection be simple and no issue along with my dowload speed doubling . my netflix stream alot better on my tv and with the 3 laptop go at the same time everything be run smoothly . I be be cheap not want to upgrade but it be well worth it . the fam be verry happy I break down and do it . Hope this help anyone out there think about the upgrade .
CableModem	POS	5	despite the high number of sub par review , I go ahead and purchase this modem\/router . it have only be 4day but it be work just fine . I have this hook up to Comcast Xfinity here in the Bay Area . I be get about 35mbp via wifus . the installation and wifus setup be relatively painless .
CableModem	POS	5	I have own this modem for 2 month and it have perform flawlessly . previously I have be rent a identical unit from my internet provider . it too never skip a beat .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be run like a charm . i be glad i purchase this modem i be get a great connection speed now .
CableModem	POS	4	this product be easy to install and I be able to use it straight away . small and compact . 6mon now and it be still do a great job . it be compatible w \/ the netgear wi-fi router .
CableModem	POS	5	to establish some background , I have cox hsus and have be use this modem for about a week . I buy this modem to replace a trusty 6 year old Scientific Atlanta DOCSIS 2.0 modem that bite the dust . I really like how the sb6121 keep my speed constant day and night . the 4x4 channel bonding help alleviate the peak time slow downs associate with a busy\/overcrowded node . on the flip side , channel bonding also help you isp enforce the cap on you subscribe internet speed . on my old modem , I would often see 30 Mbps down -lrb- my advertised speed w\/powerboost be 20 mbp -rrb- . speed test indicate my speed be now lock at 20-20 .5 mbp throughout the day . yet interestingly , I be get 15 mbp up ; -lrb- more than quadruple the speed advertise for my connection tier -rrb- ! I guess cox be not enforce upstream speed cap that well at the moment . I love how Motorola let user access the full modem signal and log at 192.168.100.1 . activate the unit be a breeze - simply call cox and read they the modem MAC ID and customer s\/n from the bottom of the box the modem come in . I will post a update review after I have play with and test the modem for a few month .
CableModem	POS	5	I have broadband from Comcast and I have zero issue set the modem up with they . it connect right away and the Comcast technician over the phone be able to activate my internet almost instantly . I live in San Francisco and with this Modem and Comcast I be basically get the full 20mb connection , streaming be almost always perfectly smooth from Netflix . do not have any issue set this up with my Apple Time Capsule either . 5 star !
CableModem	POS	4	I just recently buy this modem to update my 5 year old zoom that seem to be have issue turn out it be router that need replace , so I have a Asus 56 on the way . however , I be keep this because it be blaze fast , I notice a huge jump in internet speed almost instantly . I be go to give this four star because it say the light be suppose to be Easy to understand and I be a tech guy and I still do not understand they ... and there be not even a mention of they in the manual ... good job ubee . anyways if a Ubee guy come and comment on my post tell I how to interpret the light you 'll get a 20 % boost and reclaim you 5 star rating .
CableModem	POS	5	replace the modem I be pay Comcast $ 7\/month . it have be work great for a month without any problem . should have buy my own modem year ago .
CableModem	POS	5	I also decide to upgrade from dsl , as 1 mbp be the fastest we could get in we neighborhood . I do my due diligence and decide upon the Zoom 5350 , as it be on Comcast 's approve device list and have the requirement to meet we need . installation be very simple . I do not have a self-install kit from Comcast , so I just follow the direction for connect without a kit . I connect the coax cable to the modem , a supply Ethernet cable from the modem to my computer and everything else go very smoothly . I do not have to call Comcast with the MAC address , as everything be recognize during the install . all , in all installation take approx . 10 minute , very simple for anyone to accomplish . both my wireless laptop with b\/g wireless card -lrb- one on a second floor -rrb- find the network and connect without a problem after I enter the wap2 key . I may purchase Wireless-N card later , but I really do not see the need . speedtest show a average of 17 mpb for a wireless connection and 25 mbp for wire . I use the Ethernet port to wire my Blu-Ray player , Wii -lrb- I purchase a wii-lan converter -rrb- and a spare cable if I need to connect a laptop to stream Hulu or Comcast TV online to view through my hdtv . Netflix stream in hd when available -lrb- on Blu-Ray , Wii be only sd -rrb- and look and sound great . we get rid of we cable tv , and purchase the leaf attenna -lrb- see we review -rrb- from Mohu . so all we viewing on local channel -lrb- it find 35 of they -rrb- be free and in hd . if nothing be on that we want to view , we use Netflix , Hulu , or Comcast TV online . we be enjoy the savings , and now with the zoom faster speed , great picture quality as well .
CableModem	POS	4	while I do not notice any increase performance when replace my old -lrb- Docsis 1 ? -rrb- modem , the new modem do bring the modem up to the latest DOCSIS revision recommend by a Comcast technician . so I be how poise for the future , hopefully ? the modem work fine and the speed be most likely constrain by the speed of the Comcast network .
CableModem	NEG	1	this be a update after own the modem for just over 30 day : originally give 4 Stars , I have reduce the rating to 1 star . the modem die after a month of use . that leave I stick without service for several day until the weekend could pass and the cable company technician check what the problem be with my Internet Service . after a great deal of checking and cross checking , a new Motorola modem be put in by my cable guy . they sell it for $ 75 -lrb- as oppose to Amazon 's $ 50 -rrb- but offer 1 year on-site warranty with immediate replacement and installation of a problem unit - not so bad a deal if you really need to be online for certain . the new Motorola Surfboard sb5101 be instantly recognize by my Linksys router - so the problem describe below with instalation of the Linksys cable modem wre not encounter . it strike I as odd that there would be less compatability between a Linksys router and modem than between a Linksys router and Motorola modem . I get a LinkSys modem because of the good review , but also because I think it would `` play nice '' with my LinkSys router . my router be the WRT610N dual n-band so it be pretty good . when I get the modem I plug it in and give the MAC Address to my cable company . however , I could not get on the itnernet ; my cable company supply modem have work fine - I just get tire of pay the rental . they have I direct connect the modem to the computer - no problem . the problem be with the router ! the modem and router do not play nice together at all ! since my router be just over a year old , my call to LinkSys let I know they could tell I how to configure the router to get it work ... but it would cost $ 29 . to do so . they product do not work so well together , so they charge to make they work ! I refuse to pay . I get out my LinkSys Router CD , look up my router login and password and other info , then re-install the router . the reinstallation process fix it up so it get on the internet . if you get this modem and have a router , be prepare for a little hassle get it go . first impression of the modem after get it operational with the router be that it seem to provide faster internet access than the old modem from the calbe company do - though only marginally so , but still enopugh to notice . this seem to be a excellent modem and work really well . but , if you have a LinkSys wrt610n -lrb- and probably any other LinkSys router -rrb- be prepare for a little extra work to get the modem go .
CableModem	POS	5	Easy to install and work great . ca not believe the improvement in the cable tv signal quality .
CableModem	POS	5	the cable modem arrive promptly in a well package box . it be almost a `` plug and play '' set up . all I have to do be to call my cable provider and give they the MAC address , from the lable on the bottom of the unit . just connect the cable and plug in to power , and I be up and run in less than 1 minute . the router have be run steadily since the first day , with no reboot need . this be a good value for the money .
CableModem	NEG	2	buy it in Nov of 2009 . I have internet problem for several month and even have Comcast out to check my signal . they say everything be ok . I notice that the modem be warm to hot to the touch . I buy a Motorola modem and now everything be fine . would not buy another Linksys .
CableModem	POS	5	Super fast ! Works great with Charter . have not disconnect so far . will not have to pay for modem rental ever again !!! a recommend buy !
CableModem	POS	4	the device be easy to unpack and the cox support guy be great . we have it run in about 5 minute . one problem that prevent I from give it 5 star - the print on the box and device for the MAC address be way too small to read . if I would not have have a magnifying glass , the 5 minute install would have take a hour .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this so I could return my rental I be pay to Comcast for the $ 7\/month modem . when I plug the modem in , there be a connection but no internet access . I end up call Comcast and I read they my HFC MAC ID # and turn out that this modem be currently register under someone else and they could not register under my name . after hear that , I be frustrated and angry that I buy this and hope I can get my FULL refund back and will never buy from they again .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem drop connection and\/or get hang up constantly . it get hang up and reboot itself several time a day . sometimes I have to manually reset\/power cycle the modem to get it back up and run again . you should not have to manually reset or power cycle you modem 2-10 time a day , especially a brand new modem . try troubleshoot with Comcast and be refer to Linksys Tech support , who then try to refer I back to Comcast . after tell they that Comcast refer I to Linksys in the first place , they tell I it be beyond they scope of expertise and refer I to Cisco Tech support . Cisco Tech flat out say that they could not do anything for I or my problem since there be nothing configurable on the modem . I ask if the modem be faulty then would not cisco have to replace it under they 1 year warranty ? the Cisco Tech say there be nothing they can do to help . this problem with constant disconnect affect a lot of Comcast customer and the only fix seem to be have the firmware flash back to the Aug 2011 because the Jan 2012 firmware be faulty . unfortunately , none of the tech support people that I get in touch would be knowledgeable enough to help . of the two Linksys and Cisco Tech I speak to , neither be able to even give I the default password for the Modem status page . the dpc3008 maybe certified by Comcast but neither Comcast nor any part of Cisco or Linksys will provide support for it . this modem do not have a log page to see what go wrong and there be no interface or even download site for the user to change the firmware . also , when the modem be hang up or if the internet status be disconnect , there be no way to reach the modem status page through a browser via the IP address 192.168.100.1 . all the other cable modem I have use before -lrb- Scientific Atlanta , Motorola Surfboard , and Linksys cm100 -rrb- all be reachable even when the internet connection be down . with this one , you can not even check the status and there be no log to troubleshoot with . if you be with Comcast , stay away from this modem because the certified for Comcast label on this modem be meaningless and you 'll get no help from the manufacturer .
CableModem	POS	5	very good Modem Works Great , if for any reason , you have a very low upload speed after install , call you cable company to adjust they signal for work to the modem docsis 3.0 , -lrb- a lot of cable company still have they signal to docsis 2.0 -rrb- that just happen to I , but after my cable company do the adjustment the modem work perfect .
CableModem	POS	4	I move from a rent modem to this one . it be easy to setup and I could use it right away . since I already check if the modem be compatible with the network provider -lrb- Charter -rrb- , it might have help I . of course , I do not see much spike in speed after move to DOCSIS 3.0 modem , but it might be due to Charter not provide speed of DOCSIS 3.0 . I also do not have the problem of restart the modem . hopefully it do not throw new surprise . ; - -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be work fine with my comcast isp . I do not try for other provider . I will recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	5	absolutely amazing difference in analog picture quality ! I use a two way splitter to run a line straight to my cable modem as recommend and attach the other cable to the Motorola Booster . from the booster I use three of the four hookup for signal to three tv , one of which I split again with a good two way splitter so that I could drop a line to my computer tv card . before I have horizontal line on many of the channel and a couple be almost unviewable . the line be all go now and the picture on all three analog tv and the computer be terrific ! a unintended side effect be that my cable modem throughput have also increase because it be now be route straight to the computer from the original two way splitter . I wish that I have do this year ago ! if you have analog tv with fuzzy or striped picture I highly recommend this booster !
CableModem	POS	5	I install this last month when I have my Comcast service hook up . so far get great speed through my wireless modem and no problem with my Ooma phone service -lrb- 30mbp download \/ 6mbp upload -rrb- . nothing much else to say .
CableModem	POS	5	this be the 2-port version of the  Motorola Signal Booster  so who need one of these thing ? anyone who be have difficulty receive a consistent cable tv or cable modem signal be a candidate for this amp , but first check with you cable company to confirm that they have do all they can , in term of get high quality cable and splitter into you home . if they have do that , and you still notice frequent outage of you cable internet service , or pixelated -lrb- distorted -rrb- image on live or recorded tv show from cable , then you may very well need a drop amp like this one . the amplifier be particularly helpful if you be splitting a cable signal come into you house to multiple room for multiple tv feed -lrb- and this be perfectly legal to do , per the Cable Act of 1992 -rrb- . any time you split a cable signal , you lose approximately 3 db -lrb- decibel -rrb- of signal strength . split a signal enough time and it can cause you to lose you cable modem feed or get sporadic distortion on you digital cable channel . insert a cable amplifier like this into you cable feed right where it enter the home and it will boost the signal enough to survive multiple split and , in most case , will allow you to enjoy a glitch free cable tv signal throughout you home . why be this amp 's `` two-way '' or `` bi-directional '' feature important ? a two-way feed be necessary in order to support a cable modem -lrb- upload\/download -rrb- and to support interactive cable service such as ppv -lrb- pay per view -rrb- . this amp will not work miracle . again , always check you incoming signal , cable and connector quality first . but if you have do all that and be still have trouble , this little cable signal amp can be a real life-saver . it also work fine for OTA -lrb- over the air -rrb- hdtv signal distribution , but only if you be start with a decent quality signal to begin with . a full review of the Motorola Signal Booster be available on big Picture Big Sound 's web site .
CableModem	POS	5	when COMCAST decide to increase they cable modem rental fee 66 % in November , to $ 5\/month , I decide to do something about it . this $ 68 Linksys Cable Modem , Model CM100 , be exactly what you need . you can check on the COMCAST website for a whole list of compatible modem . I decide on this one since I have a Linksys router -lrb- wrt54g -rrb- . this installation be very simple . remove the COMCAST modem . someone in another review say you need to remove you router temporarily for this installation , so I do that and connect the cm100 directly to the ethernet connector on the computer . once you do that , you need to call COMCAST and give they the s\/n and the MAC Address , both of which be print on the bottom of the Linksys cm100 unit . they enter you new info in they system and you be up and run . it really be as simple as that . you can then go ahead and reconnect you router . I find I have to power off\/on the cm100 , router , and computer and I no longer have to pay COMCAST monthly .
CableModem	POS	5	Works as advertise . Works with comcast -lrb- which I use -rrb- and stay connected -lrb- do not drop off signal -rrb- , so I do not have to reset it to get it work again .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this cable modem because I do not want to waste money rent one anymore from my cable provider . this be a no-brainer to install . my son-in-law buy the same Motorola SB6121 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem and be thoroughly satisfied . I have use this for approx . a month and I never have to reset it . I be always reset the rental modem . thank you Motorola for make another excellent product . I also like order this product from Amazon . com . it do not get any easier and delivery be great .
CableModem	POS	5	I decide to switch to Comcast xfinity internet in my area as they offer the fastest speed available , faster than what I be get with AT&T; Uverse . as I look into extra fee , I notice Comcast would charge $ 7\/month for rent they modem . I figure I will have they as my isp for at least a year , so I do not hesitate in skip they modem rental and buy my own . Amazon ship and deliver the modem fast . once I get it , I simply plug a coax cable from the splitter in my closet to the modem . I then plug in a rj45 cable from the modem to my router . I power it on , call Comcast to activate my service -lrb- basically give they the MAC address of the modem -rrb- , and I be online within 20 minute of open the box the modem come in . very simple to install , and no problem whatsoever so far .
CableModem	POS	5	I do not know about Comcast , but this modem work well with Charter . I check Charter 's instruction for install a new modem and they basically say the opposite of what happen -lrb- need to update they site -rrb- , but I hook it up and all I have to do be follow the screen prompt . just one little problem that be resolve by call Charter : if there be a router install , do this and avoid the call : shut down computer , router , old modem . install new modem and start up everything in the order of new modem , router , computer . follow the screen prompt . now what happen be , it do not seem to finish the connection , so do this : shut down computer and router . -lrb- do not shut down the new modem -rrb- Start router , then computer , and it will complete the install . I have have no problem with this modem and can easily stream to the tv through it and the older Cisco wireless router install .
CableModem	POS	4	when you install this modem , if you be replace a Comcast rental , ensure you have the MAC -lrb- CMAC or HFC MAC -rrb- address handy , and call Comcast first & tell they you want to provision a new modem . after several hour of try to use they webpage that come up , I have to call . also , ensure you have the correct MAC address ; for example , a `` d '' can look like a zero -lrb- `` 0 '' -rrb- w\/those tiny letter , which be my only complaint on this modem so far . otherwise , the modem seem to be work great for I -lrb- though I do have to reset my wireless router and then reboot the modem to get the 2 to work together -rrb- . the modem work fine with my Ooma telo box to provide VOIP ... if you be use comcast-provided voip\/phone or will be , this modem will not work I think ; you need a telephony modem .
CableModem	NEG	2	I must have get one of the Monday morning one . work for less than one year . last few week continue to crash -lrb- drop signal -rrb- . I wonder about all the five star rating when I see the number of refurbish unit for sale . I must not be the only one experience a defective unit . when it work it work well ; however , I expect to get more than one year service from the unit .
CableModem	POS	5	work great . this replace a old scientific atlanta modem from cox and my download increase by more than 5x 's -lrb- upload stay about the same -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	I pick this cable modem because it be Motorola and it be one of the `` approve '' cable modem for Comcast . my original cable modem be a Motorola and be super reliable . my second cable modem be not a Motorola and I have nothing but trouble . this cable modem be super simple to setup and have be very reliable since the install
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this device to use with Comcast Cable Internet Service . it work fine right out of the box . if you have Comcast and need a DOCSIS 3.0 Modem , this device be for you .
CableModem	POS	4	this item cause some deterioration of cable modem signal , as do most other signal amplifier . some amplifier even have warning not to connect to a modem . recommend use a two-way splitter in the input signal line prior to connect to this amplifier . one output of the splitter should be directly connect to the cable modem , via rg6 or rg59 cable , entirely bypass this amplifier . the other output of the splitter should be connect to the input of the amplifier and the outlet of the amplifier connect to the various tv cable . be sure to use a 75 ohm terminator for unused outlet . the amplifier work great on tv signal , reduce graininess , pixel freezing , and improve picture quality , on both analog and digital signal .
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this Motorola bda-s1 and it die a few day after I receive it . Amazon ask I to deal with the company that sell it through Amazon , CableTVAmps.com and they be impossible to get in touch with . I be not too happy with they return policy either . look like I be get screw on this one .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this modem for about a month now . it work flawlessly . in fact it increase my speed from roughly 20mb\/s to 40mb\/s over cox . its a nice compact unit , and have a couple keyhole for wall\/shelf mount .
CableModem	POS	5	Got this for my Comcast service & it work great ! no problem with it at all and work great with the Belkin router that I buy too !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be a plug and play the call to Comcast take a lot longer than to install the modem . very very fast well worth the money , want to buy Comcast old modem they would not sell not I be glad they would not sell . now I really know what high speed internet be .
CableModem	POS	5	this dramatically improve the reception in my house . I have Insight Cable -lrb- Ohio -rrb- and have always have several snowy channel . the cable company have be out but say there be nothing they could do , as some channel just get poor reception . to make matter worse , I recently add five new splice for a total of 10 . several tv 's have terrible reception . I choose this model so I could run the main cable input into the booster and then each output to a splitter . the main cable line enter the house into a finished office so I also like how the unit be power , too . it work absolutely fantastic . all tv 's now have excellent reception . I just can not believe that this solve my issue . it seem very well make and sturdy and it be actually pretty neat how it work . the power source be a inverter that translate the house electric to 12v . you plug it into you outlet and then run a r59 or r6 coaxial cable from the power source to the amplifier\/booster . so I just fish a new cable line in the wall near my outlet to power it , as oppose to have to deal with install a new outlet near my cable input . I have broadband internet come through my cable and have see no interference or problem with that . it be always pretty good so I be unsure if there be any improvement . to I this be well worth the money . I have several lcd tv 's around and it suck to have spend the money on they but have bad reception .
CableModem	POS	5	you can not go wrong so so easy to do . up and run in no time . save $ 5 a month from cable .
CableModem	NEU	3	to all you naysayer , let start here : this be purchase for use on Comcast . yes , Comcast currently have this very modem on they `` approve '' list ; yes , I do my homework ; yes , I be smarter than a rock ; and yes , Motorola should have do more to insure they product work reliably on such a major provider system . this modem refuse to provision on the network , simple as that . Comcast could see the modem , ping it and send the provision information ... the MODEM refuse it . so do the second modem . I be a big fan of Motorola product but this be disappointing . also , the HFC MAC seem to be all wrong . most mac start 00 and these be start with 74 . I do not know if that contribute to the problem or not though .
CableModem	POS	5	this be my first docsis3 wireless cable modem and have it install by the Comcast serviceman . I have earlier set up the router off line for wire and wireless functionality . the direction be easy to follow for set security and the various network . I like the ability to have a private network and a guest access point . speed test show over 30 mb download and 5 mb upload , however this change from day to day . the installer have never see over 3 mb upload speed . I have no issue with strength of signal . Modem be on a ground level floor and signal easily reach the second floor . other have comment on the heat this modem generate , I have the same experience , it simply run hot . there be a power adjustment that seem to allow the unit to run on 25 % , 50 % , 75 % and 100 % power setting . I will try the 75 % set to see if it run cooler without any loss in wireless signal or speed . I have a older docsis2 surfboard run on Wideopenwest service for a couple of year now with no issue . much more stable than my older two unit system have a separate modem and wireless router . my it friend recommend seperate unit , but I have have a good experience with the combined modem . give the cost comparison , this one win .
CableModem	POS	5	I be have all sort of signal problem with Comcast before I purchase this . my cable would frequently be pixelated and even freeze up . no problem since switch to this . it be a great investment .
CableModem	POS	5	I have wide Open West 30mbit cable and this have be work great . have some connectivity issue early on but I have those before too so I can only blame the service for that . my last surfboard modem last I for year and save I ton of rental charge , I hope to get similar service out of this one . only replace it to get DOCSIS 3 .
CableModem	POS	4	no problem , work great with cox internet service . have about 2 week and still have never have to reset . good in my book .
CableModem	POS	5	I install my new Motorola SB6121 Cable Modem today . the cable connection and bootup of the modem complete without a hitch and I contact Xfinity Cable -lrb- Comcast -rrb- and speak with a internet specialist who take my HFC MAC ID number and my customer serial number off the box . after reboot the modem and router -lrb- wrt54gl -rrb- , I bring up the computer . at first I could not connect to the internet , but after I change my lan address it come up okay . the reason it do not come up right away be that the cable guy reset my router and the setting be all set back to the default . fortunately I have save my router setting prior to contact xfinity and when I restore they back to the setting I have , everything work perfectly . so be sure if you be use a router that you save you favorite setting before you do this modem change . it can be a real pain try to remember all the setting in the router that you may have change over the year . by the way , I never connect to the computer first . Modem , Router and Computer be all connected initially but be boot in that order . so far everything now be work fine and I hope that continue . a bit too early to say how this will work out over time , but at least it be save I $ 7 a month for the time be . by the way , the Xfinity guy be great , polite and very knowledgeable . good luck . UPDATE : it be be about a month since I write the above review and since that time the modem have work flawlessly . I know some folk say there be have run very warm , but I do not find that to be true . my modem be only slightly warm to the touch , but a whole lot cooler than a lot of my other electronic device . as far as I be concerned , this be a excellent modem and be work well with my xfinity -lrb- Comcast -rrb- account . download speed 20mb and upload speed 4mb . ca not beat that in my book . sure beat the lousy dsl service I previously have .  Motorola SB6121 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem
CableModem	POS	5	this be probably the best modem i have ever own . for the price it be fantastic . find a better one for cheaper let I know .
CableModem	POS	5	this be a great modem . nothing to do but hook it up , call you cable company to give they the hardware address and wait for they to imput the info . it connect in less than 5 minute .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be look at this modem for a while . my search begin when my Linksys CM100 go out for half a week . I come to find out Comcast be work on the system -lrb- upgrade to DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- which knock my modem off the network and it would not bring in a connection . I decide to buy this from a local retailer because I remember the difficulty I have to go through the last time I try to buy a modem from Amazon . it be not anything on Amazon 's end or the seller . I believe it be due to the modem be create for specific region . if the modem 's MAC do not start with a certain set of number then it will not work in that region . I wish I would have know that before I buy the cm100 online here , but I buy it locally and it be a decent modem that have a solid connection . it just could not handle the capability of DOCSIS 3.0 . unfortunately , Comcast never notify that the system have be switch to 3.0 so I be use a DOCSIS 2.0 modem Linksys cm100 on a 3.0 network . I keep wonder why my speed seem so different after that half week the modem go out . it be like the modem be be overpower or could not keep up with process . as for this modem , I can not say enough . it be easy to setup . I do not have to call Comcast to get it activate , unlike with the cm100 . all I do be plug up the connect for the coaxial , ethernet , and power . let it go through pull in activity light . plug the other end of the ethernet into the netbook I have . open a webpage and from there you just enter you account information and you isp will recognize it on the network . it will display info and ask if it have correctly identify you modem . you say yes and then it register it under you account . compare to my last experience with set up my own modem -lrb- linksys cm100 -rrb- this be heaven ! I see a significant improvement in my speed . it take I say a day or two for they to get to a consistent point . now I pull about 36-46 mbp download and about 4-5 .5 mbp on upload . for I that be a great improvement from get only 22-24 mpb download and about 2-2 .5 mbp on upload . and with both set of speed I just mention , I be on the same exact speed tier . now I feel like I be get my money 's worth of what I be pay for internet service . the way I come to choose this modem be by Comcast 's approve modem list in they support page for Xinfinity Internet . then research vigourously to find the best option out of the list . if you select you speed tier it will pull in a list of modem that be approve to use . this modem have a 3 star certification so for they standard -lrb- Comcast -rrb- its the best you can use for you service . so in summation I would say if you want to get the best out of you isp connection , especially if its with Comcast , I would go with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this modem for month now , and it have be great , no hiccup or anything , cant go wrong with this purchase . I see some folk that be say that it get extrememly hot , mine have be fine , obviously it need to breathe just like most electronics .
CableModem	POS	4	the Motorola sb6121 give I excellent download speed , but due to the noise in Communicom 's line be unable to upload anything . if you be buy this to be use on communicom service go with the modem model you be use now and save the rental fee charge each month .
CableModem	POS	4	this modem work , mostly . it do not seem significantly faster than the old Motorola , though I be guess it would test faster . there be a diminish return for simple web surfing when the older generation of modem be already capable of load a page in few tenth of a second . download be probably faster , but I rarely pay attention to that anyway , since I have train myself to immediately switch to another task whenever I click on a download button . I be still get request from Windows 7 to connect to broadband via dial-up , so either I trigger something in win7 during the installation process , or it periodically think there be no cable modem . I just have to click the cancellation button a few time , which be annoying , but not a big deal . I have no major issue set up the modem with Comcast in Maryland , though it do take they a few try to get everything talk to everything else . the total time might have be 10-15 minute , vs. the 5 I have be hope for , so also no big deal .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this for about a couple of month now and i can say that this be one of the best modem out there . the main reason i buy this be because Comcast charge 7 dollar a month for they modem rental . installation be really easy , all you have to do be call you cable provider and provide they you MAC id on the modem and in less then 2 min you be up and run . what a difference it make ! I actually get speed to what i be pay for . lot a cable provide really dont tell you that you can do this which be understandable b\/c they want that extra money but for I the savings alone be well worth it ! a MUST BUY !!!!
CableModem	POS	5	when Comcast decide to do they digital transition , one of the dta would not activate properly . the only advice Comcast offer be to `` remove any splitter . '' that be not really a option without lose cable service to most of the house . after replace the cable run to the problem dta with new cable , I be now able to activate the dta but the signal be still degrade to the point that several of the channel be unusable . internet search indicate that the problem I experience be not uncommon and suggest a amplifier . of course , Comcast will send a tech out to fix , but it be at homeowner 's expense . I be not willing to pay they to fix a problem they create . install amplifier -- quick and easy . there be a comprehensive installation sheet , but it be not really necessary since amp input and output be well mark . before installation , signal strength at the DTA input be about 15db with a s\/n ratio of about 25 . after install the amplifier , the signal level be 1.5 db and the S\/N ratio be 37 . Works great and I do not have to pay Comcast to fix the problem . my only complaint be that I have to do it in the first place . my cable service be not break before they implement they transition . after , I have lose service to two tv -lrb- unless I want to pay they extra for additional dta -rrb- , I have a rat 's nest of wire behind each of the tv where I install dta , and there be no particular improvement in service -lrb- unless you count several additional channel which be completely worthless . -rrb- but this be not about Comcast -- it be about the amplifier . five + star . solidly build , as you would expect from Motorola . if you be have problem after Comcast `` improve '' you service , I highly recommend you take a look at this solution .
CableModem	POS	5	I mainly want to see if I could boost the signal to fix a issue with a down-line splitter . I be unable to get 2 tv to work with a in-house splitter , although they have work ok before . this leave I with connect only one tv , and switch it if I want to use the other tv -lrb- kitchen and basement -rrb- . I hook this new splitter up outside my house at the direct point where the cable line come to the house . this be split by the cable company into a 4-way splitter serve 4 jack in the house . as note , I have split the output from one of these jack to serve 2 other tv along with the one at the jack . this use to work , but stop and I could only go directly to one other tv . so this be a direct replacement for the exist outdoor 4 way splitter . I run a outdoor extension cord to hook up the power supply -lrb- which connect to the splitter via a short co-ax cable you need to supply yourself -rrb- . a green led let you know the splitter be power . I then reconnect the 4 line that run into the house and test everything out . I have no problem with the exist tv or the cable modem . not sure if picture quality be better or not , but it certainly be no worse . I then try out the 2 tv off the splitter and it now work ok , solve my problem . I have 2 analog tv with dta box and 4 hd tv with cable box , plus the cable modem , and everything be work well . I be go to look into run a cable line into the house so I can put the power supply in there , and also get some sort of plastic box to put the splitter in -lrb- like the telephone wiring -rrb- so it be a little more protect from the element . if all of you splitting happen inside the house , then you will not have this issue .
CableModem	POS	5	I never know that you could buy you own modem . perhaps it be just I not pay attention , but cable company charge far too much to rent a modem to you . for what it would have cost I in a year to rent a modem , I could buy the Motorola surfboard and have it pay for itself in about 10 month . check with you cable company on approve modem . this one be a 3 star recommend modem from Comcast and it have yet to fail I . it be fast , reliable , and easy to set up - so easy that someone without much experience with technology could set it up .
CableModem	POS	4	I get the zoom yesterda and quickly install it . the product manaul be aim at WPS config but not so clear on how you can enable WEP . you actually have to disable WPS in order to have the option to enable WEP , which be not on the manual . I figure this out while I be wait on the phone to try to talk to zoom support . ethernet work fast but not so with the wireless . I have a big house , the tv be in the far corner when use roku with wireless , the signal be not stable . now I have to consider a wi-fus access point . I think my old 2wire 's wireless might work even better than the zoom .
CableModem	NEU	3	it require several hour and many phone call to get my cable company 's system to recognize this modem 's serial number do not appear in they list of modem . moreover , there should be a rule against include either zero or letter os in the serial number which , in 4 point type be virtually indistinguishable even with a magnifying glass !
CableModem	POS	4	Modem work great . nice compact size , approve for Comcast , and meet the latest protocol for the fastest available broadband . it would be better however if one could specify which cable provider they intend to use to avert problem with a unusable MAC address . in this digital age that should be very easy to do . it would have be a real hassle if the installer would have have to come out twice -lrb- new service so Comcast do not give I the option of a self-install -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	this be the same modem I receive from Comcast two year ago , back then I be charge $ 2.00 a month for the modem , then 8 month later $ 5.00 , and now $ 7.00 . when this modem arrive -lrb- onetime -rrb- , I turn off the computer , disconnect it from the wireless router , connect the coax cable to new modem , connect the computer directly to modem . turn on modem , then computer . load the browser , Comcast 's `` self installation '' screen load , -lrb- have you bill handy -rrb- enter my account # , four click later , it be up and run no issue .
CableModem	NEG	2	I have be through 3 Motorola Surfboard sb6121 modem within the past 2 day . purchase product at local retailer . before I upgrade to the Docsis 3.0 modem and package , I be use the Motorola Docsis 2.0 12 mbp down\/2 mbp up package with Comcast . with the Powerboost feature the device average 19-20 mbp down\/4 mbp up . after the upgrade to the Docsis 3.0 and 20 mbp down\/4 mbp up package , the new modem average speed of 30-31 mbp down\/1 -2.5 mbp up . there be time the device would peak at 3 mbp up , but that be a best case scenario . as you can see , this be very frustrating know that you upload speed be not at least on par with you old device and performance package . several folk from Comcast state that the signal strength and ping to the Docsis 3.0 be good . however , one tech do a line test and the result come back that a tech need to be send to the residence . the tech come out and find nothing wrong with the line . the Docsis 3.0 continue to give a dismal performance while the tech be present . he test a Arris Docsis 3.0 modem he have in the truck and it perform flawlessly ; 31 mbp down\/4 mbp up . the device he have perform as it should . BTW , from what I can tell `` yes '' the tech on the phone and at the residence provision the device correctly . I take back the modem I have to the store and pick up another one . the second modem could not be see on Comcast 's network so I hurry back to the store before it close and pick up another one from another location just in case I be pick up modem from a bad batch . needless to say , the third modem perform the same and I now have the old Docsis 2.0 back on the network . I be back to get my great speed . BTW , I also test to see if there be any difference in speed between the 2.0 and 3.0 with the Playstation 3 . the 2.0 still outperform the 3.0 . I just do not know what it be with the 3.0 . it be as if this device will work flawlessly for most people who may or may not be aware of they speed before upgrade . however , I be not impressed enough to keep the Docsis 3.0 .
CableModem	POS	5	great product , double my download and upload speed . Easy installation , only problem be with comcast argue about MAC code since it be different from what they be use to . since I have have it no problem whatsoever . Easy to see and understand lead graphic display . I would highly recommend it for gamer who want the top speed that they can get from they provider .
CableModem	POS	4	the modem be serve it be purpose . I feel that we receive a quality product and the price be reasonable . a friend of mine be the one who find this modem base on it ' review and rating .
CableModem	POS	5	great modem , come fast and be easy to install . I call up comcast and give they the MAC to provision it , but they say it would take up to three day . for instant satisfaction , I tweet that comcast customer service suck . a rep reply and ask to help . I direct message he with the account number and MAC , and the box be provision within minute . long story short , get the thing run within the first hour I have it and it be a perfect replacement for the crap smc gateway device Comcast usually require -lrb- and charge $ 7\/m for -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	unit have be work flawlessly with metrocast . call up to give they the MAC and be online in a few minute . no disconnect or weirdness so far .
CableModem	POS	4	this modem be purchase to replace a ancient lease modem from Comcast -lrb- Surfboard series -rrb- that be start to randomly drop the link . the modem be select base on rating on Amazon -lrb- and elsewhere -rrb- and the fact that it be one of the few three-star modem indicate as fully compatible by Comcast . the only real issue in install it be to get through to Comcast support to give they the modem type , serial number and MAC address . after the wait for someone to pick up my request for action in install my own modem thing go pretty smoothly . pro : before install the sb16121 the download speed with the old Surfboard modem be 14-16mbps and upload speed 1.4 mbp to 1.6 mbp . after install the new new DOCSIS 3.0 certify modem the speed increase to 25mbp + download and 5-6mbp upload - very nice ! the front panel indicator can easily be see and give a good indication of the status of the connection with the isp . the ac adapter be easy to plug into almost any surge protector or up -lrb- it be not as likely to block nearby receptacle for example -rrb- and the supply network cable be of good quality . documentation be spare but to-the-point and informative . con : the only flaw -lrb- and it be a modest one -rrb- that I have note so far with the modem be that it be easily tip over . since the sb16121 vent heat to the side you do not want to block the flow of air by place book or the like to keep it upright since they could cause excessive heat build-up and a potentially shorter life span for what be not a cheap product . so far the solution have be to prop it up between a low-profile Linksys wireless router this computer use and a small -lrb- less than 2 '' high -rrb- usb hub . this all might be no big deal to those of you with deft and sure hand and motion but I be willing to wager a nic or two that I be not the only goofily-coordinated nerd out there and the sound of this modem smack down on its ' side every 15 minute or so be disconcerting , and possibly a threat to the warranty . a recommend product for those of you whom want to own you cable modem instead of lease it from you isp and\/or want to upgrade performance .
CableModem	POS	5	this amplifier be well make , durable and meet all of the requirement for professional use . it be be widely use in the cable industry -lrb- contrary to some of the review here -rrb- . there be several company that make these and they all meet the frequency requirement -lrb- 5-1000 mhz -rrb- for modern hfc cable system . it be provide and install by cable guy and it cost $ 40 - $ 50 on average . First of all this device should only be use for you tv service . do not amplify the modem line . you need to use the splitter to split one line to the modem and the other should feed the amplifier and the rest of you outlet . this amplifier will increase you modem upstream return level . read the print on the amplifier : rtn -lrb- return -rrb- -8 dbmv . you upstream power level will increase and you modem will have to work harder to communicate out . also it will sometimes decrease you upstream signal-to-noise ratio -lrb- snr -rrb- . the amplifier be not a do-it-all miracle device that will solve all of you problem . it simply amplify the incoming signal . it do not filter the noise . this mean you incoming signal need to be clean and at acceptable level before the amplifier . so if you have 4 or more tv -lrb- on average , but this may vary -rrb- you will most likely benefit from this purchase . if you have more than that you should buy the single port version -lrb- cheaper -rrb- and use a 8 way splitter . in fact if you buy a single port version and use a 4 way splitter you will get the same signal level . however if you have problem I strongly recommend call you local cable co and get a tech out . if you be a diy person , make sure you do some research first and use quality equipment -lrb- like this amplifier -rrb- , rg6 60 % braid shield or better cable -lrb- quad shield be better -rrb- , compression fitting -lrb- like PPC , Thomas & Betts -rrb- and not crimp fitting -lrb- do not apply pressure on the coax -rrb- , splitter that do not have glue on the back cover and be rate 5-1000 mhz . by invest more money and get quality equipment it will help you have trouble-free service and will most likely save you some money in the long run . PS if you can get a power inserter -lrb- it look like a regular splitter but it be not -rrb- you can use it to back feed the power on one line so you do not need to have a power outlet right next to the amplifier -lrb- make sure you connect it to the `` remote power '' -lrb- sometimes `` DC IN\/RF OUT '' -rrb- port on the amplifier -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be easy to set up , and it work very well with my router for lan and wireless connection . this modem be accept by my cable company -lrb- cox -rrb- , so I do not have to rent a modem from cox - which should pay off in a year or so . plus , rental modem be not always , shall we say , `` top of the line '' .
CableModem	POS	5	this product ship quickly and arrive in good condition . I purchase this so I do not have to rent a modem from my isp . it be a great modem and have operate well since I hook it up . a good brand and functional with most isp , I recommend it as a good modem and a way to save money with you isp .
CableModem	POS	5	work great out of box ; easy setup . no dropout in several week -lrb- unlike the Dlink modem it replace -rrb- . it do what it be suppose to do -lrb- act invisible -rrb- ; recommend highly .
CableModem	POS	5	after go through 2-3 different signal booster -lrb- both active and passive powered\/non-powered -rrb- I end up with this . why ? simply because it do what be advertise and continue to do so . Cable TV\/Cable Modem signal booster . I have try several other brand and they work fine for period range from 3 month to just over 1 year , and then there be signal loss through certain bandwidth or the entire unit fail . enter this unit , which I buy through a recommendation by a friend who I have see use it for over 3 year . simply plug and play , and it work . do not get any easier . Cable modem for datum , and tv all work wonderfully and have not fail . so far it have and continue to be the longest lasting signal booster I have use .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this because I do not want to rent a modem from Comcast and it be on they approve list . I know very little about modem but be able to set it up easily . we have a 2 story , 3000 sq ft house and get coverage everywhere . however , we get a repeater to boost the signal to we bedroom which be farthest from the modem .
CableModem	POS	5	Comcast give I a Motorola 5120 the bandwidth be fluctuate horribly on speedtest.net also the modem max out at 30Mbps mega bit per second mbp be mega byte per second the difference be weather the b be lower case or b upper case . a byte be consider 8-bit . in some system there be error correction and other overhead route information of up to they say 15 % of you bandwidth . not to much testing and I have hit a high of 38 mbp download the bandwidth be nonfluctuating\/stable . the same of ~ 6mbp for upload . the follow be help with self install and self activation on Comcast you mileage may vary on cable company . Extra Paragraph\/note not on modem : after all of this be do if you want a suggestion on block different type of web site -lrb- 30 million people use it . -rrb- use free opendns.com simple or complex , 40 different category and certain add and spoof its free unless you want long term tracking of site successfully block or where the kid have try to access . corporate be not free . this next step be to set up so you can `` self activate '' on Comcast when you have switch , hub , router , wireless . pull the power cord on you modem and with preferably the same cable connect directly to a power off computer or laptop and then plug back the power back in you modem . Make sure the cable modem have initialize itself then turn on the computer test and make sure a refresh web page come up -lrb- in case you do not shut down you computer -rrb- . the next step be that you be go to give back you old cat-5 cable and test you new pre-test cat-6 cable . unplug modem , shut down computer . now plug in you new cat-6 cable which on mine be pre-test , and plug it in to the modem and computer . plug the power back in to the modem after the modem initialize turn on the computer verify that the cable work and you pull up a refreshed page not a current page -lrb- in case you do not shut down you computer . -rrb- if if say that there be `` no connection available '' , sometimes you have to see-see the connection back and forth which I have to do at the laptop connector . finally if you want do you last speedtest.com look for , first , the unevenness of the graph the peak and valley what you want be a nice stable plato  , second be write down the peak download speed in Mbps and third the upload speed peak in Mbps . now to swap the modem . First you want the modem to run when the cable company test it so pull the power first . then the pre-test cat-6 cable . now the cable tv rj-59u or rj-58u you might need pliers to start to loosen the connection but the rest should be hold with finger and spin . now the semus tough part that center wire of the cable will not want to go into that new gold plate connector so make sure the wire be in the center , its align , and push , that be the hard part -- finish screw in , plug in the pre-test cat-6 cable to the modem and this time I would really recommend shut down the computer because even I do because it go to take ~ 5 minute for the modem to initialize . mental note : I notice the box vent on one side and a very little from the front so I put the side with all the vent up . but I have air cleaner to clean it or you could get a hepa filter . Temp be nominal but I have it on a cement floor . now turn on you computer . go to Start , All Programs , Accessories , command Prompt . type : ipconfig\/release type : ipconfig\/renew now open internet Explorer in the address bar type activate.comcast.com \/ you will need you account number and account telephone . next call 1-800-xfinity 934-6489 go to tech support tell they you get you own modem , you install it and self activate it . and you need to give they you mac address its a Motorola Surf Board sb6121 I be in a sandstone building and go outside and use the cell phone do not take to long then they send I in to test and see if a web page would come up and it do and my cell connection hold and I say thanks to eternity the representative and that be all . this new modem have hit 8mbp higher at the highest and the bandwidth have a nice nonfluctuating platoe  . in Google Chrome I can re-open a dozen of closed web page and the load time seem reduce the reason I do not say for sure be that my 4 thread processor be not run at its normal burried 100 % so the program might not be fight for cpu time . Bruce Light color be Amber for on , blue upload , blue download , amber connect to computer , flash blue for the fastest connection .
CableModem	NEG	2	Modem would restart itself all the time and recently have be do it more often . finally I say forget it and be use the Cisco one provide to I by my internet provider RCN . I initially do not realize it be the modem , once I do it be outside of the return window . I do plan to call amazon and see what they can do though .
CableModem	POS	4	occasionally it lock up , but a simple unplug and replug and its back online . not a problem for I as the price point be quite good .
CableModem	NEG	2	I have purchase this modem to replace a lease modem from Comcast . I be on the phone with Comcast for less than 20 minute and everything be up and operational . after successfully get this modem up and run for about a day or so , the modem some how be power down by itself and it never come back online again . no led or power on the box . I have the modem return to Amazon for full refund and decide to give SBG6580 DOCIS 3.0 \/ WIFI\/Router a shot . I be not disappoint at all , because I still have the dsl as a backup connection until the new replacement modem arrive . 1 , attach the coaxial cable to the modem , 2 , power it on 3 , attach the one end of the LAN cable directly to you computer and the other to the modem . 4 , if you get the 192.168.1 . x address and no default gateway set , then it be time to put a call into Comcast . 5 , before call Comcast , take down the HFC MAC address from you modem . 6 , all the light should turn green once Comcast have activate it successfully . 7 , if you be still get the 192.168.1 . x address from the modem via DHCP . here be the fun part , which Comcast technician do occasionally ask they customer to do in order to resolve the issue be by reboot they pc . I do not see there be a need for reboot you pc , just detach the LAN cable from you pc or from the modem end and re-attaching it again . you should see the 76 . x.x. x -lrb- comcast public , could be different for other carrier -rrb- address obtain on you pc . this have indicate the modem be now in bridge mode and be fully functional . 8 , open up a terminal window and try to ping -lrb- ... -rrb- or 8.8.8.8 . if you see the ping response , then you be good to go . if you be not computer wiz , then just bring up you internet explorer or browser to test you connectivity . 9 , speedtest you connection too by go to -lrb- ... -rrb- before let Comcast tech get off the line . 10 , now you can disconnect the LAN cable from you pc and have it plug into you home router\/wireless WAN port . good luck everyone and hope I will get better luck with sbg6580 .
CableModem	POS	5	I use this to replace a old Docsis 2.0 Motorola SBG900 . the sbg900 work well enough until I purchase a Logitech Revue , which have issue with the sbg900 , such as drop connection which require a reboot of the router , among other thing . after do my research , I find that the zoom 5341j be Comcast compatible and capable of connect to 8 download channel and 4 upload channel , compare to the much more common 4down x 4up configuration . keep in mind that the Zoom 5341 -lrb- with no j at the end -rrb- be a 4x4 configuration . the Zoom 5341 be a modem only , not have a wireless router embed like the sbg900 , but I already have a linksys wrt54g router , which I have already pull out to try and rectify my problem with the Logitech Revue . the sbg900 keep drop the wire connection to the Linksys though ... the Zoom 5350 be compatible with Comcast and have the same spec as the 5341j , but also have a wireless router and 4 wire port as well . I consider it , but decide to go with seperate piece for modem and router duty . the evening that the zoom 5341j arrive , I install it in place of the sbg900 , and plug my laptop in . once it have establish a connection , the Comcast device activation page come up in my browser , and I be able to switch the activation from the sbg900 to the zoom 5341j in minute , with no need for phone call to support . the configuration of the zoom 5341j be very simple , and I make no change to the default configuration . I do check the connection , and find that I have 8 download connection and 2 upload connection . it appear that Comcast in my area will only provide 2 upload connection . I plug the Linksys wrt54g in and have wifus a minute later . I find average speed to be about the same as before , but peak speed to be about 30 % faster , and this result in snappier browser performance , and quicker starting of streaming video . I also have find that the connection be more robust , as I have not be get the rebuffering and disconnect streaming video that I be get with the sbg900 . my problem with the Logitech Revue have also be solve , and the zoom 5341j have not be drop the wire connection to the Linksys wrt54g . that , combine with the performance enhancement , have leave I very happy .
CableModem	POS	4	this unit have perform well to date . simple set-up process hopefully it will meet we need for several year . enjoy a lower cable bill .
CableModem	POS	5	if you get a crappy internet or cable signal , this be the tool for you . I be shock at the difference this thing make . for more than two year my internet connection would go in and out my cable reception would be lousy . I even have the cable company come out twice and they never fix it . and then right after I hook this up there be a dramatic change for the better . I do speed test before and after and consistently this device increase my Internet speed and stabilize my connection . it be like I be in a whole new level of geekdom now . I love this thing !
CableModem	POS	5	omg ! I love this modem . I be get faster connection then before . I have this connect to my wireless router and it rock ! I wish I have buy this sooner !
CableModem	POS	4	I buy the unit base on many positive review on Amazon . it do take cox cable a few reset attempt for they system to see the modem -lrb- 20 minute -rrb- . they be almost at a point of give up and send a tech out . I do not notice any speed increase by upgrade from DOCSIS 2 to DOCSIS 3 . I have not log into the modem interface 192.168.100.1 to see if the same error on the old modem be also show up on the new unit . Terry
CableModem	POS	5	I be skeptical that this item would not work . I have purchase a `` cheaper '' item at a big box retailer , and do nothing . however , this box work excellent . I have cable into my house . I have 2 tv 's that have digital cable box , which be always boarder line on quality signal -lrb- some channel would look scrabble sometimes , not often -rrb- . I have 3 tv 's which be hd , that do not have box -lrb- they get the 19 free hd channel -rrb- and these hd channel would scrabble or have delay ... however , install the booster and notice a immediate improvement . all my channel look brighter and 100 % perfect . in fact , on my tv 's , where I do not have the digital cable box , I pick up 2 more hd channel , now , 21 -lrb- free -rrb- , that I do not get before ! that be how weak my signal be before ; the tuner do not even find the channel . I wish there be a 6 channel . I have output 1 and 2 to my digital cable box , output 3 to another tv , and I split output 4 into 3 other tv 's . all channel work great ! \*\*\* note that you will need a piece of cable to run from the power supply to the signal booster \*\*\* do not come with .
CableModem	NEG	1	the first one I be with Comcast for two hour try to put the modem on line but the modem be keep reset it self every 20-50 seconds . Exchange the modem and the second one be do the same thing but with 1-5 minute . will look for something else ... .
CableModem	POS	4	very quick response to email , product work great ! although it be miss the cable wire it be suppose to come with which i be guess it be suppose to be the ethernet cord .
CableModem	POS	5	about a week ago I upgrade to Comcasts Extreme 50 internet service however my old rent modem that I use with Performance internet be only give I about 25 mbp down so I go to Comcast & swap it for a new Cisco modem . hooked that up & I have the full speed I pay for . meanwhile I check Amazon & find this sb6121 & it take a week to get here . hook it up , go through the activation page & now I be get 61.71 mbp down & 11.52 mbp up which be the same speed I be get with the rent Cisco modem . Yay , now I can give the rent modem back to Comcast !! I would not hesitate to buy this modem again as it be really a good one for the price . Update : 6 week later & this modem be still work great . the service outage I be get with the old rent modem have disappear . the sb6121 have yet to lose it be connection to the internet . get this modem . you will love it !! oh & the online activation be a breeze ...
CableModem	POS	5	have a lot of drop with old Motorola modem , this one have yet to drop and have use for over 2 month . Wish I have purchase a long time ago . Live and learn .
CableModem	POS	5	pro 's : \* Works fine out of the box . \* save I $ 7\/month in modem rental fee to Comcast . con 's : \* do not cook I bacon for breakfast in the morning .
CableModem	POS	5	Motorola 's sb6121 cable modem be one of the best cable modem available on the market right now , if not the best . it be a full docsis-3 .0 modem , but also fully backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0 and all the way back to DOCSIS 1.0 . in short , it should work on any cable system . it be future-ready with ipv6 support build in . I buy the sb6121 to replace a D-Link dcm202 which have start randomly drop the connection several time a week , sometimes multiple time a day . installation be trouble-free ; just connect the cable and notify you cable company . -lrb- have the MAC address from the label on the bottom of the modem handy when you call . -rrb- many cable user report speed gain on update to a DOCSIS 3.0 modem ; I be no exception -- my download speed go from 11.5 mbp to 12.8 mbp , and my upload speed increase by 50 % from 960kbp to 1.5 mbp . interface-wise , there be not a lot to say . the Motorola sb6121 's color graphical-icon lead indicator be much easier to identify and read from a distance than the D-Link 's closely space row of identical yellow-green led . you can look at it from across the room and see two steady blues and one blinking amber , and know at a glance you be in good shape . this be perhaps a more expensive modem than some , but it be worth it , and you can not fault Motorola 's reputation . it also carry a better warranty than many other cable modem . do yourself a favor and buy this oem-packaged version ; the shinier box on the retail version will not make you cable connection any faster . -lrb- but the chance be good that this modem will . -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	I finally take a look at my monthly Comcast bill and be surprise to see that I be pay $ 7\/month for rent my cable modem . I take a look and see that there be a variety of modem that I could purchase and come out ahead within a year . the sb6121 be one of they , and appear to be on the higher end of the `` future proofing '' curve with Comcast . switching to the new modem do take I about 1 hour as I need to call up Comcast Tech support and give they the MAC address of the new modem . but , everything do appear to work properly and I have be problem free for a few month .
CableModem	POS	5	I read all the posting on the Motorola sb6121 and decide to give it a shot . I be pleasantly surprise . I call my Comcast technical help and they get my MAC address instead of the S\/N id as state in some other post . within a minute I be online . unless there be something out there that be go to jump at I later , I believe this be a great product and worth the money . it work very well with my Medialink Wireless-N Router .
CableModem	POS	4	I recently replace my 10yr old Toshiba modem for a Linksys cm100 . the download speed be now about 30 % faster but only from those site closest to I here in Phoenix . I be also experience packet loss which appear as if the internet keep disconnect . I call COX about the issue and they say my Toshiba be to old to support and before they would review my circuit I need to buy a new modem . I learn while talk with a rep at cox , while give they the new MAC address and serial number , that they cable network now support doci 3.0 . this modem support doci 1.0 , 1.1 and 2.0 but not the newest 4 channel bonding standard . there be limited doci 3.0 compliant modem available but a internet search do find they for $ 85 + . this modem work just fine but in hindsight I would have pay the price difference for a modem that support the newer standard . the final comment be that it might not matter that much as regular testing of download speed on my work 's 45mb fiber connection find that access to server even a few state away be limit to 3-5mbs download .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be not good for comcast user . since I switch it this modem , I have so many problem with slow internet speed , and drop connection everyday . do not buy this if you be comcast user !!
CableModem	POS	5	this be one of the modem that be on Comcast 's recommend list for my cable system here in California . when the cable guy show up to install my internet service , he check it out and say `` it will work fine . '' after about a hour of pull wire around my house , he hook thing up to the modem and I have very high speed internet service . Pretty sweet . I choose this model because its upload and download spec be well above what my cable internet service need , and because it have advance feature like ipv6 . so I be assume they get the basic stuff right as well . other reviewer have say this model run hot , but I have not observe that . I have it in my utility room which be in the basement where it be pretty cool to start with . the light on the front of the unit show what be go on , which be mostly useful as it boot up . they work well , and be also attractive to look at -- they have a good designer for that . the unit have only 3 connection port on the back , one for power , one for the incoming cable , and one ethernet rj-45 out . if you want to hook up more than a single computer , you 'll need to connect this single Ethernet port to a router , or wireless router . I have the cable modem connect into a 5-port NetGear switch downstairs , which be connect to a 8-port NetGear switch upstairs , which be then connect to my Linksys wireless router . my computer then use the IP address that the wireless router provide . -lrb- it will not work to plug additional computer into the switch that I connect directly to the cable modem because the cable company provide only one IP address . it be the wireless router that hand out additional IP address . each computer that you be use require its own IP address . -rrb- the wireless connection work well for my 2 computer and my Roku box for Netflix . -lrb- and the bandwidth available to Netflix be amazing . it spend virtually no time at all buffer before it start streaming hd video . -rrb- oh , and of course I have to reboot everything -lrb- include the modem and the wireless router -rrb- for the new modem to be recognize . for now , I be keep my old dsl service as a backup internet service . not sure when I might decide to give that up .
CableModem	NEG	1	absolutely terrible ! do not reach all area of we house -lrb- and its not a big house -rrb- and cant . handle multiple device . im disappointed and we be go to bee look for something better !
CableModem	POS	5	great modem - fast , quiet , and work very well overall . I also have friend who use the same model and be very happy with it . when we switch to this modem it do improve we band performance overall , so I would recommend it .
CableModem	POS	5	buy this modem to end my 7.00 $ monthly fee from my internet provider . hook it up and call the provider for activation and never look back .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase sb6121 a week ago to replace the standard Comcast modem that come with my service charge I 9 dollar a month . I also upgrade to a faster bandwidth from 10mbp to 30mbp for streaming hd movie and such . I have a Belkin N600 Router that I use to get about 6\/7mbps wireless . now I be get on average 14mbp wireless and 35mbp wire !! with this new cable modem it be able to add a additional 5mbp on a 30mbp bandwidth ! my upload also increase from 2mbp to 6mbp . I be very satisfied and quite happy with my purchase . I can now easily stream hd movie now without anymore buffer . I would definately recommend this to my friends\/family . Worth every penny spend .
CableModem	NEG	1	buy it half a month ago because of its tempting low price -lrb- around $ 20 -rrb- to replace the rental modem from Comcast . sadly however I try it do not work at all . finally I get a Comcast technician who confirm it be not my problem but this gadget 's . also , the power cable with it be not original and do not match up -lrb- 0.8 a require vs 1a by the cable -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use this modem for 3 week now , with Comcast as my provider . I get 20 mbp down and 5 mbp upload , which be what I pay for -lrb- so no complaint about that -rrb- . I have have 0 connection drop or other problem . setup be extremely easy . I connect the modem to the cable wire , connect my laptop to the modem via Ethernet , and thing work . thus I would rate it perfect in the area of speed , reliability , and ease of setup .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this for my cable modem and I notice a speed increase . the cable guy come by to replace my cable modem and even he notice a significant speed increase with he bandwidth measure device . this will save you lot of time when streaming and download thing off the internet , however , you might be spend more time on the internet since everything will be that much faster .
CableModem	POS	4	I get this because my old modem that I own be reboot randomly and daily . that be kind of expect after 11 year of heavy use . I like the size and form factor of this modem . the light be not annoyingly bright , which be great because it be place by a tv . my first complaint be that it be difficult to get this register with Comcast -lrb- not they fault -rrb- . it take about 30 minute to register it because the modem be not recognize the signal from Comcast . it take a couple reboot to finally get it to register , but it have work perfectly since then . my other complaint be that the material that the modem be make of feel pretty cheap . I would just like to know that if it fall , it would survive . I do not think I 'll be test that though . move on , the speed be incredible ! even test it with my old internet package -lrb- 12 mbp down , slow , I know -rrb- , it would get a consistent 24 mbp . then , I upgrade my package , and switch to a bundle . now , I have 30 mbp , and I get around 35 mbp . so , I be happy with this modem . Buyer beware : save the box if you want to be able to register this with Comcast . they need the MAC address and serial number -lrb- all number -rrb- from the box .
CableModem	NEG	1	I be on hold for a entire half hour . I must have hear the entire 4 Seasons by Vivaldi . the help agent be rude and unhelpful . he even hang up on I . this modem have be nothing but trouble from the day we get it . we Internet speed slow by 30-50 % . and the problem with own you own modem be that the modem people will always blame the internet provider for any problem and the internet provider will blame the modem maker , and you , the customer be stick in the middle with no recourse . not even a friendly voice from the Zoom company to acknowledge how frustrated you might be . Stay away from this company .  zoom 5350 Cable modem\/router with Docsis 3.0 speed
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase the sb6121 base on review here at Amazon.com . and of course when it come to installation day with a Comcast installer ... the tech could not get the modem to work . the modem would reset itself every couple of minute and he could not activate it . the installer tell I the modem be defective and to return it . he even call a person at Comcast who be look at the line who say the same thing ... not work right ... return it . of course the tech go out to he Comcast van and return with a older 2.0 sb5150 surfboard which install in seconds and I agree to pay the $ 7 rental monthly fee to get it up and run . I pack the modem up to reship it but come back on Amazon to read the review once again and low and behold ... read numerous post by people with the same issue with Comcast who have to rent a modem on the spot to get up and run . so I unpack the modem and hook it up myself follow the direction in the box . the Comcast activation screen come right up and get I to the last window `` activate device '' . I leave it on there for a half hour and it would not finish so I call a live person at Comcast . the nice girl have I up in run in seconds and I have have no problem since . why be it that thier tech and online rep could not activate it two day prior after mess around for a hour and a half ?? who know ... but do not give up on the modem ... its a Comcast problem .
CableModem	POS	4	this replace my Comcast router with no issue . it be not difficult to set up . acticate online folow the process discribe in the first review . Easy seal , this thing be fast !!!
CableModem	POS	4	I be write this in late December , have purchase the unit in September . I 'll put this review in three section : the good , the bad and `` the neutral '' -- the good -- once it be set up I really have no complaint . I purchase a combo cable modem\/switch\/broadband router with wifus and that be exactly what this unit be and do rather effectively . since I buy this unit at the same time I sign up for the comcast account I have nothing to compare it to . my main computer be also connect through a `` ethernet over powerline '' set of adapter which add several m of latency so I can not even comment on that . both wire and wireless connection have be nothing but stable as long as I have have it . my apartment be small so it be not difficult to blanket it with wifus signal . I do not have a 802.11 n device so I can not comment on that . I have a roku box connect directly to the unit and it very rarely if ever drop off . when it do I know it be either comcast or netflix with the issue -lrb- s -rrb- . this unit do seem to have a incredible list of feature built-in . it be like the manufacturer just go through a long check list of every feature imaginable and dump it in . I have only barely scratch the surface on all the feature either because I do not need they or because I could not figure out how to set it up -lrb- see the bad -rrb- . I find out later it be fact possible to use this unit soley as a cable modem , bypass the nat\/router functionality . -- the Bad -- if you ever want to actually use this device for anything outside of the default functionality put on you googling hat and get ready to spend some time : it be quite difficult to figure out what anything be just from the interface and the pdf manual have very minimal explanation of even what the various abbreviation mean never mind how to set they up . for instance I want to utilize the `` guest wifus '' feature so I could set up a old pc with a wifus card that do not support WPA -lrb- I want a wep along side my primary wpa network -rrb- . it be not that critical and I do not want to spend very much time on it but I could not seem to set this up . I be sure if I have spend several hour search the internet and experiment I could have come up with a solution . but this should not be necessary . either the uus should be intuitive enough to set it up , it should be document how to set it up step-by-step or at the very least there should a link some where on Zoom 's site to a third party site that describe how to make it happen . the same go for use this unit purely as a cable modem so I could use my own preferred broadband router -lrb- a linksy with tomatoe firmware -rrb- . I browse the various setting , look up abbreviation in wikipedium . then I google those abbreviation . eventually I find the setting and successfully set up my seperate router -lrb- I find the real solution on a random blog talk about a different modem ... -rrb- . this should not be necessary and be not something 99.99 % of costumer be go to bother with . -lrb- the setting be call `` RgPassThrough '' . recommend disable of wifus , dhcp and NAT , and put the MAC address of the router you want . I never would have guess `` RgPassThrough '' . -rrb- I would also mention the apparent lack of any way to update this modem 's firmware . perhaps this be a regulation put on they by the cable industry but it just seem inexcusable to I in this day and age of network exploit and malicious bot roam the internet . -- Neutral -- since I do not know who be at fault for this issue I be not blame the modem directly : it take more than a hour and at least two different comcast representative to successfully activate this modem . there be only so much the representative could tell I but it sound like it just do not want to talk to comcast 's end . the activation be attempt over and over again for 45 minute or so before it finally just inexplicably start to work . the representative have no explnation . I later attempt to activate a different Motorola modem at the same location and have the exact same issue which lead I to believe it be not the modem but rather the cabling or whatever software\/hardware comcast have on they end . it be very , very frustrating -lrb- never do get the second modem to work -rrb- . once the zoom be activate it could deactivated\/activated instantly with no issue . it be just that initial attempt that be time consuming . again , this could be unique to my region and\/or my particular comcast office for all I know . I live in northern California just outside of Sacramento . -- conclusion -- I be give this device four star for the lack of documentation and non-intuitive web interface . I like the list of feature and as far as I can tell be very effective as a cable modem\/broadband router .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this new modem to replace my older one which be still on lease from Comcast and be at end of it be life . Easy setup for the sb6121 . Works great . ship be fast , and it arrive sooner than the estimate delivery date . Great little modem .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase the modem think that the docsis 3.0 would help increase my speed ... it do not . other than that , the model work well .
CableModem	NEG	2	combine a cable modem and a router be a great idea . however , the product need improve . you can not turn off the SSID Broadcast even though the manual say you can . Tech support acknowledge that but be not go to do anything about it . the signal be intermittent , so connect to a work VPN be not reliable . it disconnect the VPN constantly . finally , the device completely reset itself to the factory setting . if you buy this product , be ready to unplug the power on a regular basis to get it to work again .
CableModem	POS	5	this product be exactly as describe , it work perfectly with my Motorola Surfboard sb5101 . actually it be much more space-saving than the previous power supply I have for my modem .
CableModem	NEG	1	I try to connect it to my exist router that be also make by Linksys\/Cisco . it do not work . I call Linksys support hope that since both modem and router be by the same company , they would help . the lady on the support line tell I since the router be out of warranty , we need to charge $ 40 to configure it for you over the phone . this may include firmware upgrade as well . I then return the modem and purchase a D-Link modem . it work out of the box without require any change in my router . I be very surprised and unhappy with linksys\/cisco . first , the modem be brand new and they try to shift the issue to router . second , they build both product and there be no mention or warn that the modem do not work with older linksy router . Third , D-Link modem work without require any change in router . this mean Linksys\/Cisco break interoperability and try to charge for fix it . Linksys be now in my blacklist . when I upgrade my router - to be do shortly - , I will shop for non-linksys brand .
CableModem	POS	5	upgrade a old motorolum Docsis 2.0 modem to this one after a note from comcast say i wasnt get full speed . seem faster and stay connected better .
CableModem	NEG	1	when I set it up it take forever to get connect with Comcast because it keep reboot over and over again . finally it stop and I get set up with Comcast for the first time . some session on my computer\/surfing the web be fine but other time it will randomly reboot\/reset . I can not find any explanation for this online other than it be a faulty modem .
CableModem	POS	4	\* I be not sure if my performance issue be due to Comcast or the modem . \* the performance be great , but there be occasion where my speed will seriously slump down to 1 mbp down , but 4 mbp up . but if there be such a thing as a good look modem , this be it .
CableModem	POS	4	not sure if self activation with comcast be browser specific , but I could not get it to pop up with ie . when I try to hit the web with Firefox , the page come right up and I go through the step and be back online in about 5 minute . I do not remember the page off the top of my head , but best to look it up before you do the modem swap with you account no. . after the swap though , I could not get to google 's site with either browser . if I hit it by IP address , it work fine . I research it and nothing be conclusive . but apparently there be some issue with the modem and comcast . I do not want to be on the phone with comcast forever or listen to finger printing , so I find a workaround and just add google 's IP address to my host file . change my dn server do not work . I be also get quick disconnect and reconnect from my chat program that be never happen before . but it have not affect my fast downloads\/uploads that I be aware of . and multiple packet testing show no lose . oh , forget to mention I do need to upgrade my old router too because I do not get any speed improvement initially . Make sure you get a gigabit router in order to utilize full potential .
CableModem	POS	5	this unit take care of a lot of my Comcast issue . I have six television in the house along with the Xfinity internet . when Comcast decide to `` improve my service '' by go all digital , half of the television in the house pick up very little along with the improvement by Comcast , they infome I I need a newer modem to take advantage of the higher speed . purchase this modem and find out I do not have enough signal to provision it . purchase and install this signal booster on half of the service in my home that include the new modem and all my issue go away . if you be experience these same issue I highly recommend this booster as a crutch to improve you cable experience . very easy to install . the best price I could find be right here on Amazon .
CableModem	POS	4	be pay for premium inter net service from cox . be not satisfy with video quality . be get download speed of less than 10 mbp with 5 year old Motorola modem , be pay cox for download speed of over 27 mbp . sb6121 now give I download speed up to 32 mbp for same price from cox . make a significant improvement in video quality on computer and Smart tv when watch inter net video from Netflix , YouTube , Apple TV , ect . set up be not difficult , need cox to do its part of set up for new modem . Motorola phone help be excellent if you need it with the modem too .
CableModem	POS	5	buy this to replace my rent modem from comcast . all I do be plug it all in but then have to call comcast to make the change . it be pretty easy and it only take I about 30 min to get everything do .
CableModem	POS	4	okay , I just sign up for Comcast cable and internet and choose this modem\/router combo . I have a zoom 56k modem year ago that work great so I take a chance . my goal be to have a fairly fast connection so I can hit my slingbox in another city . previously my internet connection here have be my tethered 4g droid Bionic . I be kill Verizon with datum usage -lrb- 60-70gb -rrb- and I think they be throttle the connection or the phone be buggy . either way the speed would move all over the place and it be not reliable so it be out . it be easy enough to setup . the first thing I do be change the admin password because there be list out there of every router 's default password . then I change the name of the ssid and set it to not broadcast . you can have some fun with ssid name . I then disable WPS , I do not want anything to do with that protocol as it be very easy to crack . I be use WPA and I change the default connection password there also . it come set as zoom #### where the number be 4 digit in the mac address . I do not see any place to assign static IP 's so that be not so good . you can setup MAC address security though and that seem like another layer of security to keep out wi-fi thief . it be work okay , I be get decent enough speed to get a great picture from my slingbox and this be with the slowest comcast internet service . so far so good .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a antenna in the attic for my tv reception . split the signal between the tv 's in my house cut the signal strength in half . this Motorola unit instead of a basic splitter bring my signal back up and allow I to divide one antenna to all of my room . do exactly what I hope .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this modem about 2 month ago and it mysteriously stop work about a week ago . I come to find out from Comcast that they do some technology upgrade to they line which make this modem not compatible with they high-speed internet service in the Atlanta region . not sure if these upgrade affect other market but you will run into the same issue . despite the incompatibility with Comcast now , this product be solid -lrb- as be most product that Cisco\/Linksys come out with -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	4	Comcast be charge $ 7 per month for modem rent . so I buy this one and it be give I more than 20mbps speed where my plan be actually 15mbp . with my old modem I use to get less than 15mbps speed . good one . but only draw back I see be it be hang in atleast once in every couple of week . I have to reboot it again to get it work .
CableModem	POS	4	when charter cable up the rental fee to $ 7 a month it become silly not to buy we own modem . I buy this Motorola surfboard base on good review , and after 5 month of use it have prove very reliable , offer consistent , reasonably high speed without need to be re-plugged more than once . it be only drawback be a few design flaw . note : other have describe this modem as nearly identical to the Motorola surfboard sb6120 except more expensive and with a prettier but warmer-running case . normally this would steer I toward the older model but because some charter user experience firmware problem that turn they sb6120 into brick , I go with the newer model just to be safe . the price be still quite reasonable consider that after one year it will have pay for itself in rental fee . pro : so far we have speed equal to the modem we use to rent , and occasionally higher . it be easy to set up and only once have I have to unplug the modem to get internet working , although that may have be a problem with the router . it be important to note that unless you be pay big buck for super-high speed you may not be get d3 rate anyway . but unless you be strap for cash or certain that you will never , ever upgrade , it be not a bad idea to have the option and plan for the future . con : the sb6121 be sometimes warm to the touch . I would not describe it as hot . however , we have it free standing -lrb- not stack beneath something else -rrb- and in the cool basement , so it be not a problem . the illuminate led icon be easy to see but the icon themselves be somewhat obscure . it be useful to know that the top icon actually change color depend on the speed of you connection -lrb- which will also depend upon the computer its connect to -rrb- so if you get a amber light , do not assume the modem be not work . there be no reset button on the modem , as some version of this model seem to advertise . this be not a huge drawback for I . Bottom Line : for steady speed equal to what we be rent , a reasonable price in the long run , ease of setup , and long period of internet without interruption , I give this modem 4 star . for the minor flaw of chare more for a new case that run on the warm side and be needlessly cryptic with its cute icon I take off one star .
CableModem	NEG	1	I receive a package with the cable modem , 1 usb cable , and 1 ethernet cable , but no power adapter . I be now look into return the package for a full refund .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem since Comcast give it three star out of three for compatibility with DOCSIS 3.0 . it work great for two month . for the past week the modem lose connection to the internet after fifteen minute . in order to not lose connection I have to keep a persistent ping run to the internet . even with this measure I can not stream video without it have pause when the timeout occur . I have Comcast out my house to look at my wiring . they replace several connector , but the problem still persist . there be no reason for this to happen after tqo month . there be no support page on Motorola 's website . I can only check the internal IP of the modem and restart it from there . the only other option be a factory reset of the device . since two month have pass I can not return it .
CableModem	POS	5	I can not seem to keep a modem work for over 18 month , so I have be rent from Comcast for $ 3 a month . since cost recently increase to $ 5 a month , I take a chance on this product . for only $ 20 , it just have to last 4 month , and then my savings will be $ 5 a month for as long at it work . I use a router and the modem install easily without use the enclosed disk . the Comcast install screen appear right after installation , and it be the easiest setup that I have experience in a long time . shipment be fast , and it come with box with cable and warranty . I recommend it for the price and easy setup .
CableModem	POS	5	I hear you can get much better performance and reliability from purchase you own modem rather than the rental from you isp so I take the dive . I have have this model for about a year now and have have zero complaint . out of the box , I plug in my cable , about a 15 min phone call to Charter Communications to set it up on they end and I be up and run . I be sure there be setting and tweak you can do , but I have be use it with all it be default setting and it seem to work great . I have even notice about a 5-10mbps increase in my download rate . in the year I have own it , I have only ever have to restart it 3-4 time . once I think I be actually knock off , the other end up be a issue with my wireless and reset the modem as a precaution . I also love how small it be ! the dimension give in the description must be the size of the package box . in reality it be only about 5 '' square and a inch thick . I do not score any point for `` compatibility with Comcast '' since I do not use they as a provider .
CableModem	POS	5	very easy to install . i run 3 tv on it and it improve picture by 33 % . i have cable at my camper and get 80 channel analog . this help alot . thank you motorolum .
CableModem	POS	5	there really be not a lot to say . I need a DOCSIS 3 modem and it work like it should . upgrade my Internet speed , consistently get above 50 mbp down . set up be easy , pretty much plug in and let you provider have it be MAC address . indicator light be easy to read . overall , very satisfied with the modem .
CableModem	POS	5	easy install ... 1 call 2 comcast -lrb- do not let comcast self install run -rrb- call 800 # ... couple minute ur up ... speed like never before . . sorry i wait 2 do this -lrb- DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- ... plus the energy saver mode have cut power use per apc powerchute ... this cable modem be a winner ... MOTOROLA rock with this one ... mark I completely satisfy
CableModem	POS	5	I be able to install and setup the modem with little effort and only a short -lrb- 10min -rrb- call with comcast to set it up . I have be use it now for about 2 month and do not notice any difference , good or bad , from the modem I be rent , which I believe be a scientific america .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase the Motorola sb6121 cable modem in March 2012 . I have have it for over four month now and i have no complaint about it be performance . I purchase this modem to replace my moto 5101 docsis 2modem , right off the bat i notice the difference , very quick my web page change in the blink of a eye wow . I now have two bond channel , send and receive lead 's be blue , the link light be flash blue so i ` be operate in high - speed gigabit ethernet base t mode . I have not have one issue with this modem , I love it , what more can i say . I love thing that work right out of the box .
CableModem	POS	5	I now own two of these . these be great device and I highly recommend they . the simple setup be extremely easy if you have Comcast . one thing I be concerned about be that it run pretty warm , so I make sure to keep it away so it can cool off . wi-fi range be very strong and far , it support many device simultaneously and be excellent if you want to have a quick and easy set up . it only need a power cable and the coaxial cable from you provider forward to work with wi-fus , so it be excellent to reduce clutter . because this unit have built-in wi-fus , it eliminate the hassle of have a separate modem . you will not have problem try to get wi-fus to work with you modem since it be build in . it look nice and I would definitely recommend it . one time I have a bit of a problem with connectivity , but it be fix by just reset it and leave all the setting on default . unless you really need to change they , leave the setting on default and just change you wi-fi network name and administrator password .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this cable modem to get rid of the $ 5 , soon to be $ 7 , rental modem from Charter . I think I be purchase a new modem , but when the box arrive I see the refurbish labeling on the box ! I install it very quickly and it perform like new . I hope it last as long as the dsl modem that I have when I use AT&T; for Internet access !!!! I have all the download\/upload speed I could ask for with this modem ! I know Amazon will back it even though it be a refurbish unit !!!
CableModem	POS	5	Broadband Cable delivery be change up in delivery speed . for example ; Comcast Xfinity be go up to 15 + mbp . if you be experience a lack of speed , some website take longer to load and movie delivery problem , it may not be enough to `` reset '' you older modem . I be not a `` techy '' so when I experience slowness and could no longer completely watch my instant play movie , I wonder what the problem could be since my broadband have work fine a year ago . we also use wireless networking in we home and there be all kind of complaint , especially from my college student son . I think I must be like many out there ; I do not take the time to read the pamphlet deliver to I when I go online . when I do that , I realize it be the modem speed that be cause most all of my problem . the top-of-the-line recommendation for my service be the Motorola sb6121 3.0 cable modem ; and here at Amazon you can get the non-retail package deliver to you door for about $ 15 less than you can purchase it retail at Walmart . I feel like I just get rid of my 2003 auto for a Lambo . it be a great convenience .
CableModem	POS	5	a return this item because rcn -lrb- my cable company -rrb- have trouble get it to work . if you want to be frugal and save that $ 5\/mo . it be worth the purchase !!
CableModem	NEG	1	I order this in May . it be now August . I have have trouble with this product since I get it and have call the modem maker tech desk for help . I be tell to contact Comcast about my internet connection . Comcast tell I they would charge I to come out and look . after one recent day of over a dozen drop connection , I have Comcast come out . they tell I the modem be defective . so now , I not only have a charge from Comcast , it be too late to return this $ 70 piece of junk . and when I try to go through Amazon to contact the seller about this purchase , I be block by a message that it be `` too late '' .
CableModem	POS	4	this be a inexpensive cable modem that get the job do reliably . I save money by use my own rather than rent one from Comcast . configuration be simple . the modem 's only flaw be that it have only a single Ethernet port . of course , you can plus a router into it , but it would be nice if it have a small router build in .
CableModem	POS	5	I love this modem ! because it be a modem and router , it take up less space on my desk . it be cox compatible and I have not have any problem at all with it so far -- after about 3 week . Easy to install , it ship quickly , fast . no complaint !!
CableModem	POS	5	this be the second booster I have install . it work so well at the other place , I have to get one for the new place .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be fast and a great alternative to rent one from the cable company . the set up be easy and it work right out of the box .
CableModem	POS	5	good speed , easy instalation . no problem at all till now . simple status page for monitor the signal . no regret : -rrb- .
CableModem	NEU	3	originally purchase a refurbish modem that be defective upon receipt . it be a bit of a hassle in term of time and effort to receive a return authorization and mail defective unit back for replacement which take about 2 week . second unit work great .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this to replace a Motorola modem which be junk . this be a much better prodcut than the motorolum . I use it for 5 month and never experience a slow down . I recently add VOIP phone service from my cable company , so I be now have to use a rent modem that support voice . guess what ... the cable company modem be also Arris brand and it work great .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this unit to replace the cable company 's device . this work better than the one they have I on and in 8 month it will have pay for it be self in the rental fee I be be charge .
CableModem	POS	5	well my old DOCSIS 2 modem begin to loose speed and would disconnect frequently . it be a good 5 or more year old . so buy this and set it up with comcast real easy , call the service number say I want to give the mac address of my new modem and service be back up and run in a few min . now I be get increase speed , and no more trouble with comcast . unfortunaly the router will be the next thing to be replace as the router be limit my speed now . but this product do it be job and do it well with my comcast internet .
CableModem	POS	5	ok . hopefully , some of you out there in North Carolina face with pay $ 3.95 a month rental on a modem twc once provide free of charge will find this helpful . I purchase a ubee ddm3513 to replace the Ubee ddm3611 supply I by twc . as for the TWC modem , I have it set up in bridge mode to bypass the wireless network service since I already have a wireless network with a LinkSys router . when I receive the notice from TWC that effective immediately they be charge for the supply modem , I opt to buy my own and avoid the lease fee . the list of support modem provide on TWC 's website do not include the modem they supply I , so I figure the list be not complete . I decide to purchase a Ubee modem -lrb- the 3513 -rrb- since it have the same spec as the 3611 TWC supply , the only difference be that the 3513 do not include wireless capability , which I be not use anyway . long story short , after wait for more than 30 minute in a queue , I be lucky to get a very knowledgeable tech who ask I the one simple question : what be the MAC address for the new modem -lrb- which appear on a white sticker on the bottom of the modem , for those of you not familiar -rrb- . he do not ask what brand or give I the third degree about it be on the list of approve list . he provision it , it work , end of story . so yes , if you be a twc customer in North Carolina and want to replace you twc-supplied modem with one that work and that you own , this modem will do the job .
CableModem	NEG	1	I be use this modem with with Comcast and a LinkSys ea4500 router and it constantly drop the internet connection . sometimes I have to unplug and plug back in the modem multiple time per hour . there be huge thread you can find online in which ton of people have describe they problem with this modem . I be extremely disappoint in Cisco and I warn people to stay away from this modem . the kind of problem this modem cause be really unacceptable and customer should not put up with be treat so badly , especially after they have pay a fairly high price for it .
CableModem	POS	5	I order this signal booster -lrb- along with a Motorola power inserter that I have to purchase from another site , btw -rrb- to resolve problem with terrible pixelation\/loss of audio and loss of channel in all but one room in we house . we signal be great at the cable 's first entry into the house , a bedroom , but since ours be split to access 6 -- that be right , 6 different room -- -lrb- I have a splitter on one of the line provide the additional connection -rrb- the signal be just waaaay too weak , especially for digital hd channel in the other room , and regular\/analog channels\/tvs be get a really fuzzy picture . this product be super easy to install - even with the power inserter -lrb- which be genius , btw , because I do not have to run a separate cable line down to my crawl space to power the unit -rrb- - and work perfectly ! regular channel be now crystal clear in all room , and digital\/hd channel be perfect ! we have have the booster for several week now and it be install under the crawl space yet we have have no issue with it at all - even with 100-deg heat outside . initially we be consider buy a more expensive splitter to see if that would resolve the problem , but this booster end up cost only slightly more than , say , a monster cable splitter ... and I feel more sure that it would definitely solve the problem . why buy a expensive splitter when you can buy a actual booster that split the cable for about the same money ? really glad I do ! I pore over a lot of review before purchase this item and my research lead I to purchase the Motorola . if you be still on the fence , I definitely recommend pull the trigger - I be glad I do . also , I apologize to the seller for my delay in review , but I want to report on it after several week ' usage and hope that this review after a while of use will be helpful to other research by provide a longer-term positive perspective .
CableModem	POS	5	do not forget that you need to contact you cable company to give they the detail of the modem before it can work properly . then it be just great . it pay for itself in a year . I highly recommend this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I switch from dsl to cable . I have a Linksy router and this modem plug in and work great . it do not overheat like the modem I have for dsl . another feature be a usb connection with cord for those want to connect this way . I be get up to 15 mb download from my Charter cable connection . so much more efficient then the dsl phone line connection which would have a slower rate in the evening .
CableModem	POS	5	Works seamlessly with my Comcast account . no issue at all after setup . I would recommend this docsy 3.0 version for sure .
CableModem	POS	4	just buy this modem a few day at firt i didnt dont wich one to choose de sb6121 or the old version sb6120 i be look all over the internet reading for a few hour about the router and i think i make a good choise . iam on a 20 mbp plan im get 25 to 26 mbp down and 3 to 4 mpb up im very happy with this moden
CableModem	POS	5	I be happy I rely on Amazon review and buy this cable modem to replace the lease one by Comcast . in 10 month you get you money back from the lease . in my case , it have be extremely reliable , plug and play , activation be a breeze . I get the exact speed I be pay for unlike what I be get in the past with the lease gear . highly recommend .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem do not work . have to have a technician come out to determine why internet be not work ; turn out to be the modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this before Comcast install my new service , but I could not get it to work at the time of my self-activation . I put it aside for a few week and come back to it . after have Comcast 's " Ubee " brand for a few week , which cap at 44mbp -lrb- we be suppose to have a 50mb line -rrb- , I decide to try one night to just plug in the Motorola to see what would happen . it take a while , maybe 20 minute and 5 reset , before the modem finally download the firmware it be suppose to which allow the Comcast " self-activation " screen to appear . after this point it be smooth sailing , though it take 30 more minute for the Comcast activation to work . the best part ? Speedtest now run at a solid 54.78 mbp ! I have run speedtest probably 20 time over the last week and it have never move off that number . that be get my money 's worth and also not pay Comcast for a slower modem .
CableModem	NEG	2	I be sure the Motorola surfboard  sb6121 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem be a very capable modem consider it be a Motorola product ; however , I have to put 2 star to get people attention . the Motorola surfboard  sb6121 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem be not yet on COMCAST 's list of support modem . I think that wait 4 month since the release of this product would give COMCAST time to obtain the software require to add the sb6121 to they network . well , I be wrong . it be a shame to give this product 2 star when I never even get the chance run it through its pace . I would rather give COMCAST 2 star for be lazy . the COMCAST tech that come to setup my modem say that the COMCAST system identify my modem ; however , that be about it . he connect a different modem to show I that modem on the list will work . he say that he have a  Motorola SB6120 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 eXtreme Broadband Cable Modem  so unfortunately , I have to return the sb6121 and I order the sb6120 . I be not slam Amazon or this product . I just want to make COMCAST customer or future COMCAST customer aware that the sb6121 will not work on the COMCAST network YET .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this because I have pixel , freeze , and channel dropout on my Suddenlink cable when they add a whole tier of hd channel . also I have my internet only work at 1mb per sec down and up . I have 2 hdtv 's and one sdtv , plus cable modem split from my mainline . I plug they each into the amp and add the a 25 ft coax run from the nearest electric in the attic . this take five minute to install and my internet be now 10mb per sec down and all the tv 's be clear .
CableModem	POS	5	recently , we provider -lrb- Mediacom -rrb- introduce 50meg internet in we area , which require the use of a Docsis 3.0 modem . I purchase this after read the review , and be very impressed with the result . as I upgrade both my cable modem and internet at the same time , I can not attribute gain in internet speed to one or another , but I be consistently pull 47meg down\/5meg up on speedtest.net , which be great speed in my book ... the modem do what it should ... connect I to the web , and it seem to do a very nice job of it after about 3 week . have never have a issue that i have have to reboot it -lrb- problem frequent with my last modem -rrb- and just continue to work . one word of advice be to make sure to keep the box , as it have the ID you will need when you call you cable company to activate you modem once you hook it up . Might be somewhere on the modem as well , but find it on the box be convenient . overall , very good buy .
CableModem	POS	5	work great out of the box . Easy to set up . have experienced nice improvement in speed since I have install this modem .
CableModem	POS	4	the product arrive intact . setup be easy . just need to plug in the cable , call Comcast , and the whole thing start to work . I have be use the modem for 2 month . so far , there have not be any problem . the price at $ 140 be certainly a bit steep . I have not do any deep technical datum gathering yet . simple internet speed test indicate the modem can certainly support the specific speed I order via Comcast . the only drawback be Motorola do not offer any warranty on the device . so beware about this fact before make you purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	we be have trouble receive some high def channel . some be pixelated , other just do not come through at all . we install the bda-s2 where the cable come into the house , and we problem appear to be fix . we cable get split to 6 different port , and this boost the signal at those port to a adequate level . fdc power level go from -17 dbmv to -6 dbmv . the cable modem still work just fine . we have not notice a improvement in its performance but we also never really have a problem with its performance .
CableModem	NEU	3	could not use the modem since the cable company report that my modem have the same MAC address as another customer 's and it would not work . have to send it back . I can not rate the item since I could not use it .
CableModem	POS	5	really someone should have tell I to just buy this - would have save a bunch of time - if you have Comcast this be the one for you
CableModem	POS	5	great Modem and easy to hook up . just make sure that it be one of the approve router for you service that you be sue . then give they you MAC I.D. # and thenmake sure that you router if use one be reset to except information from this modem and you be all set . fast router . but if you be use Telephony on you computer this modem will not handle this service . it have the capability of be one of the fastest modem out there currently .
CableModem	POS	5	solve my hd issue , we have 7 tv 's run before with no name splitter , not good , Easy install , once hook up , all my picture be perfect .
CableModem	POS	5	I use this to replace a previous modem which work well , but be not as fast . initial motivation be to avoid a new rental fee announce by cable company .
CableModem	POS	5	up and run in less than 10 minute and I do not have to talk to anybody . I run the cable speed testing and I get exactly what I be suppose to get . download speed be blaze fast . I love it and I do not have to pay rental fee to cox and this thing will pay itself off within a year .
CableModem	POS	5	Charter just bump we up to 30Mb and this require I get a DOCSIS 3.0 modem and it have be wonderful !!
CableModem	POS	5	plug and play , no problem install and have work great for over a month now . will need to call you isp to get it connect to internet , take about 10 minute .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this cable modem to replace a dead one I originally buy several year ago from the cable company . it be easy to install and set up . the only hangup be when I call the cable company to give they the MAC number so they system could communicate with it . they initially say the number I give they be not valid , but they finally accept it . they only reason I do not give it a 5-star review be that it be DOCSIS 2 . o , not DOCSIS 3.0 . my cable company do not support DOCSIS 3.0 yet , but it would have be nice to have it in case they upgrade they system . I look for a Cisco\/Linksys 3.0 unit , as I have have good result with they equipment , but could not locate one on Amazon .
CableModem	POS	5	the unit work very well and continue to do a good job . I use it along with a Linksys router
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this item through Fry 's for a little bit more , but I need a cable modem right away . I get home think I get a deal , and for the first two month , I do . for the last two week the cable modem have be drop the carrier signal about twice a day . for regular browse this would not be a big deal , but it become a hassle to start netflix movie over and to repeatedly get kick out of game . I have contact customer service , but do not have a resolution yet . I will keep you post . the verdict : - Easy to use and set up - perform well when it work - have a life span of 2 month save yourself the time and buy a cable modem that cost $ 20 more . you will be happier in the long run .
CableModem	NEG	1	after read review I purchase this modem think it would be just what I be look for . I be in need of a modem so I pay for next day delivery -lrb- Friday morning -rrb- . package arrive early Saturday morning , and be happy that it arrive so early . open up the box , and go about get it set up . plug in the power , and nothing ! the modem will not power on ! try every outlet in this house . nothing . very , very upset and disappointed . seller only offer a refund , will not send a new one for you to have . guess I be head to best buy after my refund clear .
CableModem	POS	5	my puppy decide to chew on my original charger for my broadband . this charger be a after market but it do it job without it i wouldnt be able to write this review because my internet still be down . very fast delivery although a bit high for a s & h for a wall charger
CableModem	NEG	2	I have purchase two of these unit , both die within a year . I do install they in a attic space so not sure if the temperature extreme be what kill they . either way you would think they would be more durable .
CableModem	POS	5	have be use with Comcast for about a month now and have not see any outage and speed be always at advertised or above . very good modem , I have always have great luck with Surfboards and this one seem to be just as stable or more stable then the 5100 . I have also notice obtain a IP be much easier and faster on this one verse the 5100 .
CableModem	POS	5	I order this product to replace my outdated Comcast modem . I order it on a Friday and receive it on Tuesday with free shipping . packaging be sufficient and product arrive intact . install be easy -lrb- except work with Comcast - Make sure you have you Account Number and Phone Number for the account before disconnect you old modem -rrb- . I have about a 25 % increase in speed , base upon internet speed test . would highly recommend purchase this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	while look for way to cut down my cable bill , I search around and find this modem . check the approve modem list , this be on there , order it up , few day later it be in my hot little hand . after a quick call to the cable provider -lrb- who need the MAC address -rrb- , it be up and online . I be use this with a Netgear WNR2000 that be flash with dd-wrt , rock solid with no issue so far . definitely one of the easier computer-related project I have do around the house this year : d
CableModem	NEG	1	please do not buy this product ignore those negative review . this router disconnect frequently at random interval and its very frustrating , my old 20 $ refurbish modem work 100 time better than this one . too expensive for the hurdle and pain you have to go through after pay $ 90 for this router . not worth you time and money at all !!!!!! note : my internet work normal with my old refurbish router .
CableModem	POS	5	Works great with no issue . I do not really notice any difference in speed between this one and my old Motorola 2.0 which be start to die .
CableModem	POS	4	I have try both the sb6120 and the sb6121 and the signal level and speed be the same on both . the sb6121 be a little smaller than the sb6120 but run much warmer than the sb6120 . look like they try to cram too much hardware into too small of a space . my sb6121 do not come with the power save button -lrb- it be list as a optional feature -rrb- , so about the only difference between the two model be the design . both the sb6120 and the sb6121 use the same firmware : label sb612x . so unless you want the different look led light and a smaller and warmer box for a higher price , stay with the sb6120 . as far as speed be concern : the multiple channel bonding on these DOCSIS 3.0 modem be nice for sustained constant speed . it also make it easier for you isp to enforce the speed cap if they choose to do so -lrb- Comcast in my case do -rrb- . I be get 20 + Mbps down and 3 + mbp up on my old Linksys DOCSIS 2.0 modem , however that be the peak when the transfer first start , then it would taper off . the DOCSIS 3.0 modem stay right at the 12\/2 ceiling of my speed tier , but at least the speed stay right up there and do not drop off after a few seconds .
CableModem	POS	5	I have use this model for more than 1 month . there be no problem and it work stably . this one fit comcast service and it be better than Motorola SB6120 . if there be more than 2 people share Comcast internet . this one will be better than Motorola SB6120 .
CableModem	POS	4	Easy to hook up and once you call Comcast to tell they you have a new modem , this work right away . have it for two week with no problem .
CableModem	NEG	1	disappoint with Motorola for this one . the modem begin fail just after the one year warranty expire . I replace it with a Cisco .
CableModem	POS	5	the motorolum sb6121 surfboard be a affordable modem that work perfectly okay . I have not experienced anything issue with it and it be serve I right .
CableModem	POS	5	Amazon : shipping be fast and free . Modem : it work great with Comcast in Chicago . I buy the ubee modem instead of the Motorola sb6121 or sb6120 because of the negative review the Motorola modem receive on Amazon . it take I 30 minute on the phone with Comcast to get the ubee modem connect . I save $ 30 with self-installation . the internet be very fast with the ubee .
CableModem	POS	5	this be a great modem , simple to install just call you isp to activate it . no issue so far after activation , speed be good and set by you isp once they be ready to increase you internet speed you be ready for next few year until the next DOCSIS technology come .
CableModem	NEG	1	unreliable connection to Netgear 's own n600 router . nightmare tech service . b and no resolution . purchase this modem to run on Comcast with Netgear N600 router . be tell 1 -rrb- need to reset all setting on router to work properly with this modem and want to sell I $ 79 support package for 7 month to help with this -- would not tell I what setting 2 -rrb- be tell that as a loyal customer , they would help I 3 -rrb- after 15 minute of escalation to `` loyal customer program '' , repeat all info , be again offer the $ 79 package , this time for 6 month 4 -rrb- tell I that firmware on router would fix the problem -lrb- I already have intstall latest firmware -rrb- 5 -rrb- be lie to about need to install new `` software '' on router , in addition to firmware and GUI , which have already be upgrade . as far as I can tell , there be no additional `` software '' . Waste of time and money . Problem still not fix . customer insult with harangue for up-charge support and misinformation .
CableModem	POS	5	I have opportunity to test two different cable modem on Comcast business service . one be Motorola SB6121 and the other Zoom 5341 . both be DOCSIS 3.0 , which be require for high speed cable service . Comcast tech support be not thrill about zoom while they praise Motorola SurfBoard high . as it turn out , average Comcast technician , who suppose to activate the modem , have a trouble with the zoom serial number . my configuration of Comcast service in this case be 2 time 50 mb\/s download and 10 mb\/s upload speed . this service suppose to supply over 1000 user with internet access , load balance mode . first line be activate with zoom modem and everything go well for several day . to the second line I attach Motorola modem ; Comcast manage to deactivate Zoom modem on the first line in process , though . initial test of Motorola show expect value in download and upload speed . however , with network connect to it , Motorola download speed do not reach more than 10 mb\/s download with upload of 2 mb\/s . after 24 hour of 1000 people complain , Comcast Technician come to check the installation and re-activate Zoom modem . test of Motorola modem with a single laptop connect do not show any abnormality : download and upload speed be at nominal value . since I could not put in place my load balancer yet , I switch the network to the Zoom modem and make 1000 surfer happy again . in a couple of day my load balance configuration should go live , use one Motorola and one zoom modem . I intend to update this review with the result of Motorola performance in this configuration , for potential buyer interested in the Motorola sb6121 . well , I decide to buy Comcast Internet service for home and I do not have dilemma which modem to choose ; zoom it be . I order on-site installation because my cable coax have to be replace and expect confusion with zoom serial number -lrb- that happen as expect , too -rrb- . anyway , Comcast get it online and my modem be happily blinking , ever after -lrb- two week in service -rrb- . the one order here have slightly different housing than the first one I deal with -lrb- buy at Microcenter -rrb- ; I assume that zoom make a change in design and this one do not get as warm -lrb- as the other one -rrb- . price difference between Zoom and Motorola on Amazon be not worth mention ; while Motorola be a big name in communication equipment I feel more comfortable for go with zoom this time .
CableModem	POS	4	this hdtv amp work great I be get low signal number on my tivohd and pixeling on my other hdtv in the house and this amp fix all of it . I get high signal on all tv and Tivo .
CableModem	POS	5	I have just buy this modem and it be really great and easy to use device especially with Comcast . 100 % recommend !
CableModem	POS	5	this be very worthwhile product for anyone who have a weak cable signal or a deteriorated signal because of too much signal-splitting . turn it off and you 'll really see the difference !
CableModem	POS	5	very well pack . take a few moment to get it square away with Comcast . it up my up\/down load speed considerably . should have do it sooner .
CableModem	POS	5	the zoom5350 be a excellent product and be easy to set up . the only adjustment I have to make be at the zoom website in the configuration manager -lrb- I simply unchecked one of the box as be suggest -rrb- . this change improve both download & upload speed . I replace a older DOCSIS 2.0 modem that work fine , but have slower download speed in the 5-8 mbp range . this zoom be DOCSIS 3.0 which allow I to receive the full 30 mbp that my cable provider supplies . I be a average computer user that prefer to web browse without wait .
CableModem	NEG	1	two in a row come dead on arrival . both would turn on and begin a power cycling loop , turn themselves off every minute or so . I would do quite a lot of research before pick this modem , quietly hope that the known power cycling issue would not affect this batch , but it be not the case . Amazon handle the shipment and return promptly , but it simply be not to be . after two return and hour waste on the phone with Comcast support , I give up and buy a different model . even a trivial amount of quality assurance should have catch this issue so I be far less than impressed with Motorola 's effort on this model .
CableModem	POS	5	I order this so I do not have to rent a modem from Comcast . I have have it run for a few week at this point , and it be be work very well with no hiccup at all . at first I have some trouble set the modem up , but then I discover that Comcast 's activation portal be not properly load on my 4-year old MacBook , but it work quickly and painlessly as soon as I plug it into my 4-month old Windows machine . since I activate it , everything have run smoothly .
CableModem	POS	4	I replace a older sb 5101 because my internet speed be lack . I have Comcast and be suppose to be get at least 15 mbp down and 2 mbp up . I be get at best 2 mbp down and .5 mbp up . I set the new modem up and immediately I be achieve between 15 and 20 mbp down and 7.5 up ! very easy setup , take less than 15 minute even with call Comcast . I give it a 4 because there be always room for improvement , like the ability to place the modem in standby or have a disconnect button without have to unplug it .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to replace my DOCSIS 2 Motorola Modem and be really impress by how well this modem work . I have Mediacom and this modem instantly do channel bonding on the downstream . I have be pull 30meg down and I only pay for 20 so it be great !
CableModem	POS	5	this item be recommend to I by a friend who be very satisfied with it-so I buy it and be happy also-do recommend this item . it arrive in perfect shape and be on deliver on time and quickly
CableModem	POS	5	Comcast user in ca . run a cable modem and a hd box off 1 co-ax in -lrb- set-up be cable in - to junction box - to cable modem out and cable box from tap -rrb- . I be have issue with several hd channel and I want to add another line so I could have 2 cable feed on my 60 '' screen -lrb- as in watch 2 football game -- yup -rrb- . I get this box -lrb- install before the junction box -rrb- along with the Audiovox dh24spr two way 2.4 Ghz Bi-Di Splitter -lrb- install on the co-ax from the tap - then to cable box + tv in -rrb- . result -- endzone ! the mess up channel be back on my hd box , my internet be just as crazy fast as it be before -lrb- maybe - maybe faster -rrb- , and I now can watch two channel at once on my tv with split screen . I be a techie guy and research everything well before buy , and this one be a hit . I recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	before ... erratic reception since area go digital . after ... no more freezing , pixeled pic , absent channel , etc. . solve what cable company could not . brilliant . Easy to install .
CableModem	POS	5	Got this with Charter Internet installation to replace Verizon dsl service . as a aside , the dsl be molasses compare to cable . anyhow , as for this modem , we have have zero issue . no dropout , no random reboot , etc. . however , it make no sense pay a monthly fee for a $ 86 item , so now that the rental unit have prove itself , we 'll be buy the same model to replace it . for what it be worth , my bet be that 90 % of complaint about modem a router not work correctly have more to do with user not set they up correctly than with the product themselves .
CableModem	POS	5	this work great while i have it , I upgrade my service and could no longer use it . this be a great modem if you play game or do video online .
CableModem	POS	5	Works like a cable modem be suppose to work . no frill and save I money compare to rent one from the cable company .
CableModem	POS	5	excellent product . it be ver easy to set-up , work great . it be highly recommend . this item will save I money with the cable company .
CableModem	POS	5	this be one of the suggest modem that would be compatible with Cox Communications . it be easy to install and work on the first try . so far , so good .
CableModem	POS	4	Comcast internet have get horrible the past few month . I have be mean to call , then get a letter say I need to upgrade to a DOCSIS 3 modem so purchase this one because it be a fully support model by Comcast . internet be still intermittent at time but at least I be able to use my VOIP phone again . I still need to call Comcast - I do not think the problem be between I and the headend . the modem be about what I expect . nice appearance and size . do not get too hot . my only complaint be the blinking of the light on the front panel . once connect the only light that blink be the Ethernet light which blink steady to show any ethernet activity instead of on and off with the actual activity . my old Linksys modem blink the Ethernet and -lrb- cable -rrb- activity lead 's with activity so you have a better idea what it be do which be somewhat useful especially with sucky Comcast .
CableModem	POS	5	as a Charter subscriber with a `` up to '' 100mb line , this modem have serve I very well . my speedtest result usually yield between the high 70 's and the low 90 's -lrb- in megabit per second , -rrb- but I believe that be a Charter throttle as oppose to a modem dysfunction . result with the 100mb package on my old docsis 2 modem be in the mid 20 's .
CableModem	POS	5	I could not be happier about purchase this modem . follow in the tradition of previous Motorola surfboard be rock solid workhoarse this one be no exception . I experience no resetting problem , run nice and cool but I be only run on a 20mb service . after a month of ownership I can say the review of this product be acurate and I would not hesitate to purchase another or recomend this modem to friend and family .
CableModem	NEG	1	Modem work fine for 90 day and then die . unit be plug into a high end UPS\/Line Buffer along with the other network equipment . would not recommend this to anyone .
CableModem	NEG	1	stop work after a couple day of heavy usage ... begin to get really slow after a few minute of usage . we regularly have multiple hd video stream go since we cancel the cable . : -rrb- at the very least , there be almost always something access the internet here . -lrb- it could have be we isp mess with we , since we stop rent they modem , but that be just speculation ... -rrb-
CableModem	POS	4	have use this product for a few month now . pro : setup be a breeze , just follow the instruction leaflet . Initializes fast when you turn it on -lrb- compare to my previous Terayon 715 modem -rrb- small form factor - do not take up too much desk space . interface to my Belkin wireless with no issue . con : seem to lose the broadband connection a bit more often than my old modem . my old Terayon lose the link once in a month or so run 24\/7 . this one do it every two-three week or so . not a big deal , just need to turn it off and on again . but I be curious as to why it happen more often than my old modem . overall a good product for the money . I would definitely recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	I decide to upgrade my modem as the old one be , well ... old . I receive the modem , hook it up , call the cable co -lrb- time Warner -rrb- and after a hour it be determine I get a bad one . I contact Amazon and be send a replacement -lrb- prop to Amazon , fast and no hassle -rrb- . this one work , and work very well ... so far . my upload\/download speed have almost double . so far it look like money well spend ...
CableModem	POS	5	Works fast , easy intallation , no problem nor interruption . be ship within the the promise time . have to call Comcast to update to the new cable modem , take 7min and all ready .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem as a replacement for my comcast-rented DOCSIS 2.0 modem , and it work great when I connect my computer directly to the modem . when connect through my Apple Airport Extreme 802.11 n -lrb- 1st generation -rrb- router , though , I begin to see problem . Whenever I be do anything that use a substantial portion of my bandwidth -lrb- e.g. download large file or watch Netflix streaming -rrb- , after a couple of minute I would begin to see ping time to test server rise and eventually stop altogether . the connection would effectively drop for a minute or two , and then it would come back . my problem be very similar to the one report at -lrb- ... -rrb- I have use this router successfully with my prior cable modem , so there must be some incompatibility between the modem and my router . I also know other have report no problem with airport extreme router and this modem -lrb- though I do not know which generation of the airport Extreme they be use -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	Booster be easy to install and work as expect . allow I to add two more tv without interfere with my phone and internet over cable .
CableModem	NEU	3	bda-s4 boost only 12x 484095-001-00 Boost 32X Part of it because of the splitter . if you need better boost -lrb- and only use single tv -rrb- , choose 484095-001-00 . if you need splitter and do not need so much boost you can go with bda-s4 Wish BDA-S4 have more boost . maybe 20x . it will be great
CableModem	POS	5	surfboard Modem be easy to install , and be a replacement for my original COMCAST modem . it be much faster than the COMCAST original ! very happy with it .
CableModem	POS	5	Modem be not plug and play . spend about 45 minute on the phone with Comcast to get modem working . have to supply the serial number and MAC ID number . however , when I get it work , my speed go from 13mb download with the my old Motorola Surfboard to 33mb download with the 6120 . similarly , upload go from 1.3 mb to 6mb . Works great once it be configure with you isp .
CableModem	NEU	3	on the good side , when it work , the basic internet connectivity work fine . I have have it for half a year now connect with Comcast , and never have any connectivity issue -lrb- unlike the comcast-provided basic Motorola modem -rrb- . on the bad side , it be the third unit by now . I have buy it at BestBuy , and they have be replace they without any question by just stop at the store . good luck shipping it back and forth if you buy it online . the first one have the cable connectivity and ethernet work fine but the WiFi just be not there , be not even show in the config menu . I have call the support and they have say to replace the unit , so I do . the second unit work fine for half a year until it die . there be a big thunderstorm on that day , which might be relate . it be be connect though a UPS _ and _ a surge protector , so the power line can not be the issue . and I have have a laptop sit next to it , plug directly into the wall , connect to WiFi . no problem with the laptop , the router be dead . perhaps it do not have the adequate protection on the antenna circuit . so now I have the third unit , again replace by warranty , and so far it work fine again . the other bad news be that it be quite feature-poor . no comparison at all to the router that Verizon provide with fio -lrb- and mind you , at no charge , unlike Comcast -rrb- . it can not do static address in the lan -lrb- you can leave a block for static address in dhcp but you can not hardcode fixed address in dhcp -rrb- . it can not do the local dn domain for the LAN . you can not assign symbolic name name nor fixed address to you dhcped machine . so if you have say a networked printer , reach it become not exactly straightforward .
CableModem	POS	5	the Motorola sb6121 work fine as advertise . I have be use it for the past few week and it sit there quietly do its job . the transmission rate be good even when datum packet be go through my Linksys router .
CableModem	NEG	2	Got first sb6121 unit in prep for move to new house . Comcast tech groan when he hear I have `` Motorola DOCSIS 3 '' because of they extraordinarily long set-up time . Tech wait around for more than 70min after plugging-in modem to coax & power . keep cycling power-on , sync ` ing , then power-off - repeat . Tech claim be download firmware . as a `` Geek Class 5 ~ 6 '' -lrb- of 10 -rrb- who be I to argue as he do this for living . he be on phone with Comcast office with acronym , blah-blah while look at diagnostic tool . Modem would link-up with Internet long enough to see Comcast registration\/activation webpage , only to shut-down again . grrrr ! finally tech say must be bad unit - replace . Got rental `` Ubee 3.0 '' from van & I be on in -lrb- 5 min . Amazon to rescue with great replacement service . last night started-over with 2nd new Mtrola sb6121 - same thing ! go to bed with unit connect to coax & power hope any `` firmware '' download would sort-themselve by morning . unit stable in morning , until I plugged-in cat5e to computer - cycle back ! grrrr ! contact Comcast . give they the basics you would expect : serial # , MAC # , account info . they register modem detail on they side . they instruct I to reconnect Mtrla & my computer -lrb- include router between -rrb- . do so . launch browser . activation page stable & hit authorization . Modem cycle ! -lrb- `` oh carp ''  , I think -rrb- ... but thank God . . when modem come back-up authorization complete & now stable & equivalent speed as rental ubee . be my ~ 4th modem and by far the most aggravating process ! who be to blame ? Motorola , Tech , Comcast system ? no idea ... at least work now . better luck to you
CableModem	POS	5	I be use this modem with Comcast service . the setup be very easy , although in typical isp fashion the guy on the phone have no idea be be go on . I be able to set up the router with just a phone call , although they make I purchase they ` self-installation kit ' for $ 10 -lrb- I never recieve the kit in the mail -rrb- . but enough rant about Comcast , the modem itself seem to be work very well . I have not experience any drop in service and my speed appear very consistent . I have not do any investigation into my actual speed yet , but everything feel as quick as I would expect from a Docsis 3.0 modem . all in all , I be very satisfied with my purchase , provide it last a few year .
CableModem	POS	5	just to help everyone out . the Motorola Surfboard sb 6121 be indeed compatible with Bright House Network service . I be run rr 7mbp down and 512 kbp up in Michigan . I recently purchase it from Amazon for $ 78 with Free Shipping : http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/motorola-sb6121-surfboard-docsis-cable\/dp\/b004xc6gj0 to get it work , do the following : unplug you exist modem -lrb- remove coax\/ethernet\/power -rrb- , and plug the new sb 6121 in . it will not be work at first , so you must call the BrightHouse Network number : 1-866-898-9101 and go through the automate menu prompt , request Internet Service support . you will eventually reach a human representative . you will hopefully get someone extremely friendly like I do , and tell they that you new Modem be not work . they will ask for the MAC number on the sb 6121 Box , which you will provide to they . they will then `` send '' a new signal to you modem , and within 2 minute it should be up and run . they will then tell you that you need to return you BHN modem , either by drop it off at a local center , or by have a BHN representative come and pick it up from you home for free . my ping drop by about 12millisecond and my speed have be much more consistent at around 6.87 mbp . the old modem be 10\/100mbps , and the new sb 6121 be 10\/100\/1000Mbps . my router be also Gigabit Ethernet , and I notice that my movie buffer time on Youtube significantly improve . good luck , hope this help !
CableModem	POS	5	I use to have a horrid DOCSIS 1.0 Linksys modem and a old B\/G Apple Airport Express . the two appear to be compete , try to see who could stop work more often . this thing use less power and offer more speed and reliability than I need , do the job of both device -lrb- I get about 55mbp now , up from just 15-20mbps -rrb- . great buy , only regret be that I can not thank the guy who sell it to I through Amazon . to that awesome individual : no , thank you ! : -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this product up and run on my home Network for about a month now non-stop and it have not fail yet . seem like a fine product .
CableModem	POS	5	I have just install the Motorola bda-2 and want to share my device hook up and result . my signal into the house be fine , but I have several split to different device and be lose signal strength . I have three television , 1 set top box , 1 tv tuner on my pc and a cable modem -lrb- cox -rrb- . my cable enter the attic where I make my 1st split use a 5-1000mhz 2 way splitter . I have one leg at the split go to my modem before the signal go thru the amp . the other leg go into the amp . I use two more of the 2 way splitter on the 2 amp out port . 1 leg on the splitter to my digital set top box . 1 leg to a bedroom tv -lrb- expand basic cable no digital tuner . -rrb- 1 leg to master bedroom tv with analog and digital tuner build in . this be the longest run in my house . 1 leg to my pc with tv tuner in computer\/2nd bedroom . this be a designate line , not my modem line . my result be : Digital set top box have great picture , no problem with on demand feature work , the bi-directional work great . I be sure my modem would have work fine run thru the amp , but my internet have no problem so I split before the amp . bedroom tv have much clearer picture , all channel fine . master bedroom with analog and digital tuner be excellent . go from 15 to 32 qam channel all clear and some at 1080 hd . line to pc tv tuner be pick up excellent signal with both analog and clear qam . I be very pleased with all result ! there be a note in the box say not for satallite so keep that in mind . check all connection to make sure they be tight . check you splitter to be sure they be in the 5-1000mhz range . this be a a + product and I hope you result be as good as mine . update ! I do try run the cable modem thru the amp , but result be poor . the modem do respond , but speed be slower . the set top box with on demand feature work fine . I have excellent modem signal to begin with , that be why I split my modem line before it go into the amp . perhaps you modem will be fine . if not just split before the amp rf input .
CableModem	POS	5	this I believe be a great product . work great so far !!!!!!! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !!
CableModem	POS	5	connect it to my network , contact Comcast to upgrade to blast ! speed -lrb- $ 10\/month increase -rrb- ; download speed go from 17 to 35 + mbp , upload speed go from 4 to 8 mbp . solid cable model . ready for ipv6 .
CableModem	POS	5	work like a charm right out of the box with Comcast , no setup require . the only gotcha be with my AirPort Extreme , just make sure you turn the modem off before plug it in because the modem cache the MAC address of the last device it be plug into .
CableModem	POS	5	I use this unit for about a month with Comcast cable . this unit replace the rental from Comcast -lrb- I get tire of pay they $ 7 every month -rrb- . call the company , give they the MAC address and in 5 minute I be back online . so far it seem to work just fine . moderate improvement on the speed and reliability ; satisfy with the purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	do not listen to the people say this wont work with Comcast . it be now on they list of approve modem and it work great . I be pay for 15 mb and hit 20 on a regular basis on speedtest.net . great product totally worth it . also my 20 mb be over wireless have not try it wire , it may be even faster .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase this modem to replace a EOL DOCSIS 1.0 modem to take advantage of the available speed provide by comcast . install quickly and call comast with MAC . within five minute I be up and run . have not measure the speed , but I can see Norton download update more quickly than with the old DOCSIS 1.0 modem I be use . have not have any problem or drop connection so far .
CableModem	POS	5	even the customer service rep on the phone say this be the best modem on the market . speak of call they , you will need to do this and give they the MAC address that list on the modem . after a restart or two it should be up and run .
CableModem	POS	5	Works as expect . excellent as a splitter and as a booster . I use only two out , I terminate the other two .
CableModem	POS	5	my previous Linksys cable modem start have issue -lrb- so I think -rrb- and I need a replacement . after read all the review I decide on the cm100 and I be very happy with it so far . it turn out what need to be replace be the cable company 's cable modem which they do just before the new one arrive . it would ahve be nice if they have own up to it before I buy a new modem , but there be a huge benefit to ditch my old one . once the new one arrive , I decide to use it anyway and be reward with a increase in speed . I be get about 2.5 mb\/384mb down\/up and with the new one I be now get 6.5 mb\/1 .0 mb down\/up . its well worth the investment . also the status page at -lrb- ... -rrb- have more detail than the older model I be use and include the log .
CableModem	POS	4	this be just about plug and play . nothing too it . worked great right out of the box . no problem , yet . but you really do not see it in many place online ... specwise ... it be usb 1.1 , not 2.0 or higher . so if you plan on use it for usb connection only , be warn .
CableModem	POS	4	so that be why I give it 4 star . purchase to replace 6 year old Comcast rental modem in the Metro Atlanta market . -lrb- hmmmm 6 year at $ 7 a month ... lessee that be $ 504 I pay for that thing . how time fly ... -rrb- plug it in . call Comcast . they be extremely helpful in register it and make sure it work . have to power cycle we router and then all be work . download\/upload\/ping rate all comparable to the old unit . the bottom light steadily flash on\/off for activity be a bit annoying . just do not look at it . only hassle be stand in line to return the old rental modem . Shudder .
CableModem	POS	5	Works as describe . so far after one month it have be a `` set it and forget it '' product . amazing deal at $ 30 with free shipping .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a pc run WMC and hook up a Hauppauge 1191 WinTV-HVR-950Q TV Tuner Stick to get tv reception . the channel come in and out and many of the network station do not come in at all . so I purchase the Motorola Signal Booster along with the `` leaf '' antenna and run the leaf through the floor up into we upstairs closet . after installation I receive channel from over 90 mile away -lrb- San Diego station from Orange County -rrb- . all local channel come in flawlessly without any pixelating or disruption . a great little device !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work right away on Comcast 's network . just have to go through the provision process and register over the phone .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase the 5350 router because I be a new Comcast customer and I do not want to pay a monthly fee to lease a router\/modem . I find this device on the Comcast approve list . after my cable be install , I be have problem with the router . my MacBook would connect to the router but the connection be not very reliable - my connection would frequently drop which be incredibly annoying . my work laptop run Windows 7 be not work with the router at all -lrb- it would connect , but I would not be able to receive any datum -rrb- . I be ready to return the Zoom 5350 but I google my problem and I find some solution . specifically , I read that Comcast customer support be tell user of this device to turn off the IP flooding detection feature in the firewall setting . this seem to have work - my Windows laptop be now able to connect and my MacBook connection be more reliable . to make this change go to http:\/\/192.168.0.1\/ , select firewall from the top menu , uncheck IP flood detection and click apply . this seem to fix the problem , but I just make the change this afternoon . I will update my post later , if the router become more or less reliable . I be give the router 4 star right now , but I would say this be closer to 3.5 star because the aforementioned fix be not very obvious -lrb- although Comcast should have make this setting know -rrb- . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- just a follow-up . I have not have any major problem with the router since I make the change describe above . I still would keep my rating at 4 star since configure the router be not particularly intuitive .
CableModem	POS	4	this order arrive sooner than advertise . I be use this amp to boost the signal on three Tv set , use a antenna . hd do look better on the extra tv 's now . instruction say it will not work with a satellite connection but it do improve the signal on my dish network tv no. 2 setup , when I hook up a third tv to it .
CableModem	POS	5	I take a chance and buy a refurbish unit that look almost new -lrb- I notice a few light scratch -rrb- . installation with Comcast do not go smoothly with the automatic procedure but after a phone call to Comcast , it be up and run in a few minute . I have have it run less than a week and in that time the whole system have only crash once -lrb- typical for I -rrb- . I run a speed test with the old modem right before I install the new modem . the old one clock in at 35 mp download and the fastest I have get with the new be 24 mb . slower , but not noticable in my app and I can still stream high-def Netflix well . I read somewhere that it may not download as fast as older model but that it should maintain it be speed better throughout the day . in any case , it seem to work as fast as the original Arris modem that be cost I $ 7 a month . so far I be happy with it ! PS my home phone be now on the internet with magic Jack and that work very well and I need my modem to stay on 24-7 so I be hope this modem work a long time without crash . I have the one crash and be here to fix it quickly -lrb- simple unplug , wait a few seconds , then plug it back in -rrb- . hopefully those will be rare .
CableModem	POS	5	when my old cable modem suddenly start reset itself , I replace it with this one . it work like a champ with speed much higher than that of old one . the setup take just 5 min . I be tell by Comcast tech support that for `` performance '' internet service this be the ideal modem as it support DOCSIS 3.0 .
CableModem	POS	5	install easy with a one time call to Comcast and have be work great . increase my download and upload speed by 30 % .
CableModem	POS	5	great modem and now the price be about half of what I pay for it in March 2010 . I use to rent a modem from comcast but hate pay the monthly charge and lose the connection all the time . I almost never lose the connection with this modem . I research many modem on amazon before purchase and be happy that I decide on this one . I just wish it have be this cheap when I purchase . you really can not go wrong with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem increase download speed by 50 % and decrease ping latency from 13ms average to 10ms average ! the download speed also become more stable at around 1.2 mb\/sec . I highly recommend user of average isp supply cable modem to upgrade to this one ! I purchase this cable modem mainly because of the intermittent disconnection of Socal Time Warner Internet in my house located at Brea , CA . the original setup be comprise of a ASUS Black Diamond dual band wireless-n 600 router -lrb- rt-n56u -rrb- and a D-Link DCM-202 DOCSIS 2.0 USB\/Ethernet Cable Modem . before install the new Motorola sb6121 cable modem , the download\/upload speed be approximately 17\/1 mbp , and the internet connection be very unstable . I though that be cause by the newly install ASUS rt-n56u wireless router . I go through many official and unofficial discussion thread and review of the new ASUS router , which receive many very positive review , and I try to trouble-shoot the disconnection by myself without success . I also call and complain to Time Warner twice , and every time the issue be temporary solve by use only the D-Link modem . at this point , I start to doubt if the issue be cause by the original D-Link dcm-202 cable model . I contact Time Warner again to make a appointment for they to send a engineer here to check the signal quality of the exist cable . Ron come , check it , and find no problem . he then uninstall my D-Link dcm-202 modem and install a Ambit Cable Modem u10c018 without any extra charge . immediately after use the new Ambit cable modem , the disconnection issue be go and the ASUS router work really well afterward . the download speed also become more stable but not too much faster than D-Link DCM-202 . on the same day , two hour after Ambit cable modem be install , the Motorola sb6121 arrive . I decide to give it a try and call Time Warner to register my Motorola SB6121 Cable Modem . totally the process take almost a hour after my call be transfer three time . immediately I test the speed on speedtest.net . I be amaze by the initial number of the burst speed : 50mbp ! after test few more time , the speed be cap at around 27mbp stably ; that be still a huge improvement . I wish I have order this model earlier to save all those time waste to trouble shoot previous issue .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this router for my home office and , frankly , I would probably qualify as a advanced beginner when it come to tech stuff . I find the installation to be fast , easy , and very understandable , include set up security and password for my home network . we router speed -lrb- we get high-speed broadband from Comcast -rrb- have be 5-6 mbp higher since installation two month ago . could not be happier .
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use it for 3 month and it work better than the modem comcast give I . speed be good thanks to the docsis 3 and it never need rebooting . thanks Amazon !
CableModem	POS	5	after Comcast jack up the rate on the modem rental by more than 40 % I purchase the cm100 . the Linksys cm100 be easy to install and I have have no problem since the initial setup . the modem provide by Comcast have to be reset every few week . I have not have to reset the cm100 in more than a month . get out from under the Cable company thumb and buy you own cable modem . it only take a short call to you cable provider and a few month and this product will pay for it be self . you will not regret this purchase !
CableModem	POS	5	I be a long time Comcast hsus customer , have use the Motorola sb4100 and sb5101 cable modem for my DOCSIS 1 & 2 cable service . when DOCSIS 3 be implement in my area , I purchase the Motorola sb6101 cable modem direct from Amazon -lrb- not 3rd party vendor -rrb- as it be on the Comcast approve modem list . the product arrive in new condition and I swap it out with my old sb5101 modem , without any problem . I call Comcast hsus customer service and give they the MAC address of the new sb6121 modem and it be provision and online in less than five minute . the datum speed be stable and rock solid . very satisfy with this purchase from Amazon .
CableModem	POS	5	buy this because I finally get tire of pay $ 5 a month to rent one from my cable company . I literally swap they , call the cable company with the Mac address and be back online within five minute . I have not have any issue whatsoever . excellent product .
CableModem	POS	5	this motorolum coax signal boster be well make and do improve my video signal . it do not come with a power cable -lrb- coax -rrb- , 75 ohm termination cap and wost of all no instruction ! I search on Google and be able to download the factory Motorola instruction . there be several inportant point make in the instruction book that should be take into consideration before attempt to hook it up . DO NOT boost the signal to your modem or router ! if you be not go to use all four output , order the 75 OHM termination cap at the same time .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to replace the Ambit cable modem that I be rent from the cable company -lrb- broadstripe -rrb- . not only will this modem save I money but it seem to have increase my download speed during peak hour from 1mbp to 5mbp . overall great product !
CableModem	POS	4	I recieve this Motorola Signal Booster , promptly on time , install it and it be do just what I expect . I have some remote outlet in my in house cable system that would have have to imporve to be unsatisfactory , thsy be now very nice . I would recommend it under these circumstance .
CableModem	POS	5	the Motorola signal booster have be excellent . I have 6 tv set with a very long cable run . the Motorola signal booster have be a great help . I now get a clear strong signal on all 6 tv set . I be very happy with this product . by Gregg L. Friedman MD , Psychiatrist , Hallandale Beach , fl
CableModem	POS	5	installation be easy and after the provider update the MAC code , it work . take some time for it to sync-up . be patient . the down load and up load time do improve , however since I be use a dos2 .0 modem previously the improvement be small . hopefully this will increase as improvement to the cable system be make .
CableModem	NEU	3	I believe I be get a modem with the econ switch on it . some be so equipped and some be not . I do want the econ switch . other than that the modem be work and arrive in good condition . I suppose I should have ask question and pursue the matter . it would have be nice if the seller point out quite clearly that no econ switch come with modem . oh well . win some . lose some .
CableModem	POS	5	I use it to replace a lease comcast motorolum 5121 . the 5121 be give I 10mbps down\/0 .10 mbp up . after switch to the sb6121 , I now get 20 mbp down and 6 mbp up , which be the speed tier I be pay for + I do not have to pay comcast modem lease fee anymore . the speed measurement be do multiple time use speedtest.net . the installation be easy , have to get on the phone with a comcast tech to get the new modem enable , after that the modem work fine . UPDATE Sep 14 , 2012 . it be be a year since I have be use this . it be still go strong and work fine . I have add a manual timer to it so that the modem be reboot every weekend .
CableModem	POS	5	several of my hd channel -lrb- in the mid 200s -rrb- be not come in or be extremely low quality -lrb- intermittent audio and a poor image -rrb- . I hook this booster in and now all of my channel come in and they be crystal clear . simply put this signal booster end two month of frustration I have have with Comcast .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work like a charm . I buy this to replace my Comcast rental . I have to call Comcast and give they the MAC ID that be on the box of the modem . afterwards , the installation be a breeze . I just plug in the coax and then power it on . when all the light stabilize , it be good to go . stabilization take about 5-7 min . I actually get 1.5 time more speed than my previous modem .
CableModem	POS	4	pro : at the time of write this review , I have have this modem plug in and run for a month straight without any problem . I get the correct speed from my modem -lrb- 20 mpb -rrb- and I have not experience any latency problem -lrb- pc and xbox 360 gaming be always fluid -rrb- . con : the modem do not have any management capability . access the modem management page -lrb- 192.168.100.1 on most home network -rrb- only give you status page and no capability to spoof MAC address or provide isp with a username and password . Make sure you isp support this modem before you buy it . conclusion : for the money -lrb- less than $ 80 -rrb- this be a great modem that may not have frill but have reliability which be far more important . I would recommend this modem -lrb- as long as you isp support it -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	receive my ZOOM 5350 3.0 Modem-Router combo today . could not wait to install it . call cox . internet and within minute the ZOOM 5350 be up and run . wait at least ten minute for a tech person come on line to give he the MAC address , etc. . this dude know how to connect with speed to the internet . my old Motorola Surfboard SB5100 modem as become of old age and need replace . my surfboard sb5100 download speed be 22.24 mbp , and upload speed be 3.54 mbp . this zoom 5350 as lighting download speed of 28.56 mbp and upload speed of 8.14 mbp . that be good enough for I and not complain . I 'll report back in couple month for another report .
CableModem	POS	5	Planned to move into a new home with my sister and need to consider which modem to purchase . i want to start the move off right with save money on the internet bill by own my own modem as it would be my responsibility to take care of the bill each month . I carry out a little research on my own to make sure i get the most up to date and compatible modem for use with Charter . I go to my parent house to take a look at they modem but there be no brand name . they be indeed rent from Charter though . I google the device model and come to find out it be a Ambit now know as Ubee u10c018 which be a DOCSIS 2.0 modem . see as how 3.0 have greater speed and technology i decide i would go with a 3.0 modem . originally i be interested in the Motorola SB6120 surfboard because of the review and its compatibility with Comcast . i figure Charter and Comcast would probably support the same modem model . i actually couldnt find anything on the u10c035 be compatible with Charter on the internet for the longest time . it seem that all the answer come after i have make my final decision ; which be the U10C035 . also , this link set my decision in stone : -lrb- ... -rrb- under the DOCSIS 3.0 datum modem tab . if its on this list then its most likely support by Charter . this be my first choice because of everything that i have read about its performance , reliability , and speed -lrb- 171mbp max -rrb- but at $ 90 + for a use one i just couldnt afford it . i be sway because of the price . its holiday season so i be lean on my second and slower choice -lrb- 160mbp max -rrb- : Motorola SB6120 SURFboard eXtreme Broadband . thankfully i keep look . i happen to find a u10c035 at a pawn shop for $ 60 with everything include and it look to be in immaculate condition so i just have to get it . the Charter guy come out and install the cable to the house which take they 3 hour . but when it come to the internet and modem everything run smoothly . i already have the modem and router hook up for they . all they have to do be install & run the cord , plug the device in , and call Charter . it only take mintue then i be up and run hi-speed cable internet . i run the Cnet 's speedtest and be run at 30.97 mbp down and 2.99 mbp on the up-side . mind you i be only pay for Express tier @ 15mbp . we have 3 laptop , 1 xbox , 1 ps3 , 1 Wii , and 1 Netflix compatible Blueray player run on the Express Tier @ 15mbp . please note that all device arent active at the same time and i understand that with my select tier i wouldnt be utilize my modem full potential . i dont need ` screamin-bleed ' speed . this work out fine for my sister 's and i. for I i just want to stay current with technology 's ever change tempo . i didnt want to have to worry about upgrade if i have decide on a DOCSIS 2.0 modem instead ... apparently sometime next year Charter be come out with another speed increase . I know we 'll be up to par and be able to accept the increase without have to upgrade we equipment for some time now .
CableModem	POS	5	Great Product . work as advertised right out of box . have to contact Comcast to activate it and deactivate my rental box . I be pretty computer capable , but I do not encounter anything a non-techie could not work through .
CableModem	POS	5	the product be deliver in only 3 day . what great service . the Cable Modem be easy to install , one call to COMCAST and the modem be up and run . be work great since the day i install it .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy the sb6121 , because Comcast 's list of approve broadband modem ; show this modem be approve for all speed tier . I do not want to be charge $ 7 for use they modem . it be not cheap , but of coarse you get what you pay for . this model of modem be not find at consumer electronic store . have a XBOX 360 connect to this modem 's online gaming capability feature . no problem , at all in this area . I be very satisfied with the sb6121 . one complaint I have about this modem be that it be assemble in China .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase the Motorola SB6121 SURFboard DOCSIS 30 Cable Modem in December 2011 . it be deliver promptly and be reasonably package . it appear that all of the equipment be present . the installation be reasonably easy and connected to all of my device without problem . seem to be a speedy little unit to surf the web and have not have any problem to speak of yet .
CableModem	POS	5	I read review before i buy it and see review that some people be have problem with ac adapter . however , mine work fine and no problem so far fortunately , so hopefully everyone get like this one . it come in brown simple box as description say . there be about 5ft or so ethernet cable -lrb- cat5e -rrb- and instruction of how to get start in the box , which be very simple number step and with clear picture anybody can do it -lrb- as i do it first time connect modem -rrb- . it be pretty compact in size and indicator lamp be easy to see if it be work correctly . it be a good buy for sure . additional info : I also buy a router , Linksys e3200 =  Cisco by Linksys Factory refurbish e3200 High-Performance simultaneous Dual-Band Wireless-N Router  if you be look for upgrade for you old one but do not wanna go top notch pricey one , these be great combination to buy .
CableModem	POS	5	device do exactly what it be suppose to do . when the Motoroloa Docsis 3.0 modem I acquire would not function on my cable provider 's network I decide to give the UBEE a try . it perform flawlessy , wish I could say the same for the cable company .
CableModem	POS	5	Works like it be suppose to . I like the design compare to the older model . Speedtest be show the corresponding result to what I be sign up for with Comcast . there be a review here that state you need to give you customer id print on the box label instead of the MAC address to Comcast in order to get this add and work . I be not sure how accurate that be . I have a issue get the modem online in my new apartment but that be because of a cable wiring issue , not because MAC Address\/Customer ID number . I have mention this to two different Comcast tech and both tell I that the customer id have nothing to do with it -lrb- before get a tech out to my home and confirm it be a wiring issue -rrb- . I be up and run now and it be be run great . I buy this because I hate give more money away to Comcast or any provider for that matter . Leasing fee on equipment for both internet provider or digital tv be ridiculous when they be already make money off you service .
CableModem	NEG	1	it work fine for couple week till I buy a router , then I notice drop of connection so I be not sure if it be the modem itself or it doesnt work properly with the router but i be definitely return this useless modem .
CableModem	POS	5	after be sick of Comcast raise they fee , I finally buy my own modem . I have only have it about 2 week now , but it have be great . my speed be pretty much the same as the rental modem be and that a good thing . if you be think about buy a modem , go with the cm100 . for the price and performance , it can not be beat .
CableModem	POS	5	when I get the cable modem I connect to my network and I be ask by comcast website registration for some datum , but I could not do anything without the customer number . and the modem be resete itself every time I send datum . so I get the web page and when I submit my router to register the modem get restart . I think it be in bad shape but I call comcast and they add it with a wrong Mac address so I be plane to return it . it would work if it be no mistake by the comcast person add the wrong Mac address . I read that issue in some review so I believe this people think there be something wrong with the modem , but after try again for a couple time the datum go through comcast website update the mac address to the correct one , once this be set the modem restart for the last time ! and since then I have not have any issue problem performance etc with it !
CableModem	POS	4	I recently get Comcast Internet and want to own my own cable modem instead of pay Comcast every month to rent one . Everything go well have to contact Comcast with Mac ID and serial # but after set everything up my modem keep cycling through and the Comcast guy say my modem would go online and then go offline . he think I have a faulty modem and they be go to charge I $ 50 to send a rep out to check if it be a line problem or a modem problem . luckly I google the problem and find that these modem sometimes have a problem with receive too powerful a signal from the cable line and say a attenuator or cable line splitter would do the trick . so I have a line splitter that take the 1 line and split it into 3 seperate line and then it work perfectly with a less powerful signal . Everything work perfectly now and the modem be great but I be surprised Comcast do not suggest to try this since it be a issue that be know .
CableModem	POS	5	I be just hope to get fewer disconnect than with my comcast supply cable modem . I be very impressed when it be finally activate -lrb- chat + call to Comcast -rrb- and I get a `` bond '' downstream connection . it also have a gigabit connection to you pc or lan which be nice but still over kill unless you can max this thing out at 160mbp . I do not max mine out but I do double my download speed and reduce my ping by 1m . I visit speedtest dot net before and after I change to this sb6121 modem . result : original Comcast Supplied Ambit U10C018 Cable Modem -lrb- Docsis 2.0 -rrb- Avg Ping - 7m Avg Download 10.42 Mbps Avg Upload 3.62 Mbps NEW Motorola SB6121 Cable Modem -lrb- Docsis 3.0 -rrb- Avg Ping - 6m -lrb- -1 m -rrb- Avg Download 20.62 mbp -lrb- +10.20 mbp -rrb- Avg Upload 3.62 mbp -lrb- +0.10 mbp -rrb- plus I can return the `` rent '' Ambit modem and hopefully shave off a few buck from my monthly bill .
CableModem	POS	5	I have Charter as my internet provider . they highly recommend this Motorola modem . I be tell it not only be a `` support '' modem by they , but on the top of they recommend list of modem . prior to this modem , my internet speed be at most 14 mbp download and 1 mbp upload . with this modem I record download speed between 33 - 35 mbp and 3 - 3.5 mbp upload . -lrb- I be only on a Charter plan pay for 15 mbp download and 1 mbp upload . -rrb- when ask by a Charter tech if i want to upgrade to they 25 mbp download and 3 mbp upload plan , I tell he , `` no , I be already exceed those speed with my current plan . '' this modem work great .
CableModem	NEG	2	I have Time Warner 50mb\/s service . this modem will not work with that service , at least not in Los Angeles . it top out at about 30mb\/s . I have they connect by they modem and the speed shoot back up to 50mb\/s steady . they do not care one way or another which modem I use . it will work with the standard Road Runner service , but not the beef up service .
CableModem	POS	5	I just replace my Motorola Surfboard modem with the cm-100 and it be work flawlessly since install . I have a wireless network in my home consist of all linksys product and the reliability and performance be all there !
CableModem	POS	5	be run the sb6121 for a few week with a old e1000 router . I feel a little warm spot on top of the case , the rest of the box be cool , a little chunkier than the sb5100 , and full of perforation . have to call Comcast before the new modem start work : -lrb- Occupy Comcast after repower the sb6121 , it take longer to reconnect than the 5100 , then it work fine . the modem 's web-interface show that instead of one download frequency , now I have four , thanks to the Docsis 3 , although my download speed have not increase . url for the web interface be slightly different than the sb5100 , but if you start at the traditional 192.168.100.1 , you 'll get in . the web-interface webpage be very similar to the 5100 . slightly different light on the front panel . one day , I 'll look they up and see what they mean . -lrb- Update -- on my modem , the downstream light be blue , which mean the connection be use multiple downstream channel bond together , else the light would be green to indicate use a single downstream channel . the upstream light be green since my connection use only one upstream channel , but it would turn blue if the upstream bond multiple channel . whether you connection use single channel or multiple channel be determine automatically when the modem connect to the cable system . -rrb- I replace my 5100 because it be start to have trouble communicate ; long wait to connect , have to use process of elimination to determine the problem be the 5100 . my connection be stable again , but it be the same speed as before . take the router out of the system -- go straight from the sb6121 to a computer , I see a powerboost of 30 mbits\/sec for the first 15 seconds of download , and then 13 mbits\/sec for the duration . I think that be about what I get on the old modem , too . -lrb- with the e1000 router in line , the download speed be only 12 mbits\/sec and there be not any boost -- bottleneck be the router . -rrb-
CableModem	NEG	1	I order this a couple day ago and be still try to get it to work flawlessly . I buy it , of course , to help drive down my Comcast bill but lately it be be stay active for anywhere between 20 min to 4 hour . it be get better and with every call to Comcast i feel better that it be go to be a great modem . I be get a easy 36 mb down and 6 up which be a little better than what I pay for . I 'll update this as soon as I be confident the modem will become stable . 1\/8\/13 Update : it be not go to happen . I have call Comcast 6 time , different answer each time , I have move the modem to every free and splice line in my house , none work . it be honestly like the science experiment where if you check on the router -lrb- 192.168.100.1 -rrb- it crash . or if you do not check you get anywhere between 5 min to 4 hr of uptime but a crash be inevitable . I have read extensively on this and it seem like a botched firmware upgrade . I would avoid this modem for the time be if you be in the metro-atlanta area with comcast . I have read that people have have some success with the zoom brand or you could just get another Arris which be what I be consider
CableModem	POS	5	substitute this surfboard for the $ 7 \/ month Comcast modem . take only a quick call to Comcast to activate . regularly clock at 21 - 22 gbit with they internet service ! old Verizon dsl Clocked at 1.3 gbit - max . will not miss that !
CableModem	POS	5	this work great . basically plug n play . Super fast ship and look good too . no complaint so far and I have be use it for about a month now . would not hesitate to buy from this merchant again .
CableModem	POS	5	my first option be to buy a Arris WBM760A as part of a new setup to replace a unreliable surfboard sbg6850 but it be not be sell anywhere but ebay for more than I would like to pay . after receive the Ubee 3513 from Amazon , Comcast could not activate it and have try different method to activate it without success . I have lose hope and almost return the Ubee to Amazon until I come across someone on the internet mention that they have activate they modem by use Comcast 's activation page . I give it a try and presto ... activation success ! so if you be have difficulty as I be , try comcast.com\/activate so far , the cable modem have be great . there be no drop or reset . I also have a Motorola SBG6580 that constantly reset ... stay away from the sbg6580 as many have say of its problem ! Update : recently I find out why the ubee have trouble set up with Comcast when I request a technician to do a final check to see if my internet connection be good . when Comcast try to setup the ubee , they system do not expect a customer to own a ubee modem so it will not setup . now if you use the online setup , the modem will be setup but however as a Netgear modem . as a Netgear modem , there be no functional issue as it may have the same chipset as the ubee modem . this be the best way to set this modem up and then leave it that way . be careful if you have a Comcast tech set this modem up as a ubee , you will be charge the rental because Comcast detect ubee serial number as belong to Comcast . now I have a problem with Comcast to straighten out because the tech setup my ubee modem as a ubee modem instead of leave the modem as a Netgear modem . -lrb- see update below , maybe you can setup the ubee modem the right way by call Comcast ? -rrb- Update : in regard to Comcast modem rental charge ... my local Comcast store can not help with the rental charge . I call Comcast billing today to tell they that I own my ubee modem and that I be be charge the rental . all they do be ask for the modem serial number and mac address , and without further question correct the problem and refund my rental fee . Sweet ! we 'll see when my next bill arrive . 3-8-12
CableModem	POS	5	great equipment ; use since 3 month now and no trouble what so ever . my internet go up and down very randomly but I do not think it the problem of this equipment , I try with other modem too . there be different deal on amazon for the same item , make sure you choose the inexpensive one .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a 8x1 cable splitter -lrb- cable to each room -rrb- and a splitter for broadband -lrb- before the 8x1 -rrb- . in addition , I get a tv tuning card for my pc that have separate input for analog and hd , so I need another splitter -lrb- after the 8x1 -rrb- . too many splitter be lower my video quality and make it difficult to receive hd signal on my tv tuning card . I leave the first splitter for the broadband -lrb- install by the cable co. -rrb- so that my broadband do not go through the BDA . then I insert the BDA on the video signal before the 8x1 splitter . now every cable output work perfectly with low noise on the analog channel and no difficulty on the hd channel . I have have this hook up for about 6 month now and never have a issue . it be nice to order something that work just as you would expect and hope .
CableModem	NEG	1	I need DOCSIS 3.0 , and my Motorola 6020 die after only a year of use -lrb- keep drop the connection -rrb- , so I `` upgrade '' to the 6121 . after be on the phone with Comcast for nearly a hour to get it up and run , it finally connect . 5 min after I hang up the phone with they it disconnect . it keep connect and disconnect randomly after that . the connection , when it do connect , do not hold on for long . I think I be do with Motorola modem . I have a much older one that work great , can not remember the model , unfortunately it be only DOCSIS 2.0 and I be pay for 3.0 service , something Motorola can not seem to get right .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be great , I have a horror story with a Motorola sb6121 so in desperation I turn to the 3008 cc . set up be a breeze and it have not drop since installation . it be very small so you can tuck it away but I would not put it anywhere with 0 air flow cause it run a little warm . side note : you can log into the modem via the standard IP address but cisco have it lock down so you do not have access to the log just the connection information .
CableModem	POS	5	it be simple to connect and take only minute . have be use it for the past month and have absolutely no complaint . by purchase this modem , instead of rent the cable commpany , it will save I money . the longer I use it the more I save . there have be no problem with the connection whatsoever . I highly recommend this modem .
CableModem	POS	4	Works as advertise . I would be rent the standard Comcast internet cable modem for the last several year . now that I be not be reimburse for monthly internet expense I decide to checkout what modem Comcast support so that I can purchase instead of rent . Comcast identify this modem as support . I decide to spend a little more since it be already DOCSIS 3.0 and can support higher speed if I upgrade my bandwidth . it take several time to get the modem completely activate through the Comcast web site and setup process . I tire the activation process use Chrome but have some problem . when I switch over to ie and after have Comcast re-initialize the modem it be be work great ever since .
CableModem	POS	5	I order a Motorola sb6121 surfboard docso 3.0 Cable Modem to use with Comcast in Oregon . the modem have have no problem since I have acquire it . it be easy to use , compatible with Comcast , and work . the led be shaped and colour-coded , add to its usability . I be able to get high speed -lrb- over 20 mb -rrb- use this modem , though that have more to do with Comcast than it do with the modem itself . I have be use this modem for approximately a month ; so far I be completely satisfy with my purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	I be one of the first to get a Motorola SB6120 -- and be very much satisfied with the ease of set-up , the awesome speed , the functionality , and the workmanship . but , like all electronic gizmo , they tend to crap out after a few year . when my sb6120 start drop upstream channel , I look to Motorola once again -- right here at Amazon -- and find the new Motorola sb6121 . after check the spec , I find that the new sb6121 Model have the latest ipv6 technology -lrb- higher bandwidth capability -rrb- that be not available on the sb6120 . the newer ipv6 technology allow connection speed up to 160 mbp. , against the 150 mbp of the sb6120 . ipv6 be not in common usage yet , but it will be pretty soon -- and the sb6121 will be ready with the fastest speed available !! the new sb6121 be a super-easy set-up , and the connection speed be fast and steady . compare the DOCSIS 3 sb6120 to the newer sb6121 : 1 . - the sb6121 be smaller -lrb- height and depth be smaller , width be greater -rrb- . 2 . - the sb6121 run slightly -lrb- average about 5 degree f -rrb- warmer than the sb6120 . 3 . - connection speed , latency , and jitter be better with the sb6121 than the sb6120 -- and WAY faster than ANY DOCSIS 2 modem , regardless of manufacturer . some tip I learn from use the Motorola DOCSIS 3 modem with 2 different -lrb- d-link dir-655 and Netgear wnr3500l -rrb- `` n '' - speed Wireless Routers : the sb6120 run coolest when mount to a wall or other vertical surface , and space approximately 1\/2-inch away from the surface . this allow a adequate air flow that be necessary to keep the Modem cool . mount with the wire point straight down , the sb6120 run at about 95 degree f in a 78 degree room when mount away from a wall . temperature measure with Mastercool Infra-Red Laser Thermocouple gun -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- . the new sb6121 be smaller than the sb 6120 , and it run a little bit warmer -lrb- 98-100 f -rrb- , even when mount the same way as the sb6120 . I suggest that you mount the new sb6121 1\/2 '' away from the wall as well , but with the wire point straight back . whatever you do , DO not stack anything on ANY Modem or Router !! both of these device give off heat and electrical interference , and will perform they best when space about 4 foot apart , which keep the interference from overlap and kill the Wireless Router 's range . when you get you internet connection go , go to the Motorola Modem 's Home Page : sample snapshot of my sb6121 = Cable Modem Status Signal address Configuration Logs Open Source help this page provide information about the current upstream and downstream signal status of you Cable Modem . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- downstream Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 49 50 57 58 frequency 837000000 hz 843000000 hz 861000000 hz 867000000 hz signal to Noise Ratio 37 db 37 db 38 db 38 db downstream modulation qam256 qam256 qam256 QAM256 Power LevelThe downstream power level reading be a snapshot take at the time this page be request . please reload\/refresh this Page for a new reading -1 dbmv -1 dbmv -1 dbmv -1 dbmv Upstream Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 3 1 2 frequency 36100000 hz 23300000 hz 29600000 Hz Ranging Service ID 7425 7425 7425 Symbol Rate 5.120 Msym\/sec 2.560 Msym\/sec 5.120 Msym\/sec Power Level 45 dbmv 45 dbmv 45 dbmv Upstream modulation -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 2 -rrb- 16qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64QAM Ranging Status Success Success Success Signal stats -lrb- codeword -rrb- Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 49 50 57 58 total unerrored codeword 1457238562 1457238645 1457237949 1457238150 total correctable codeword 17 26 23 27 total uncorrectable codeword 1031 937 1682 1468 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Status | Signal | address | Configuration | Logs | Open Source | help  copyright 1997-2008 it should give a snapshot of the spec for your modem . you will be look for 4 downstream channel that read SNR @ 37-38 db and the power level at around 0 dbmv . upstream power level on all 3 bonding channel should read around 45-50 dbmv . a deviation of 5 from any of these figure indicate a problem . if the Modem 's signal be solid and constant , but the power level reading be 5 point off in either direction , check you outdoor splitter or tap first , because they tend to crap out when they be expose to heat for long period . the operating temperature for splitter and tap be only 140 degree F. maximum , and that temperature be easily reach in direct sunlight , even when enclose . those of you who live in hot climate may notice that the Modem 's downstream power level drop off 1 or 2 point when the outside temp get up to 110 f or higher . do not panic !! in case of rapture , dial 1-800-oh Jesus . ; -rrb- -rrb- I find the rca dh24sp high-bandwidth -lrb- 5-2400mhz -rrb- 2-way signal splitter -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- to be a excellent handler of the high-speed signal of Cable , Satellite , and hdtv signal . it be a `` 2-way '' splitter , so the power flow equally in either direction , enable MUCH higher upload speed . if you need a tap for unequal cable length , a CommScope SV-DC-6G Digital tap work well for I . for strong and clear Wireless range and reception , use only Category 6 -lrb- shield -rrb- ethernet cable -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- between you Modem and Router , and between you router and Main computer . good Luck !!
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this modem because I be tire of be charge $ 7.50 every month by my cable provider . I like the fact that it be DOCSIS 3.0 and get many good review . setup be a snap and the modem be super fast . great service from Amazon as usual .
CableModem	POS	5	the install be easy . plug it in and call Comcast . they ask for the model # and MAC ID # . Comcast confirm that the sb6121 be a good choice . both number be easy to find , albeit print in very small print - have a magnifying glass ready . Motorola have a sticker on the side of the modem with the MAC ID , and several sticker in the box with the same info - to place on the computer around you home , I guess - in case you ever have to call you internet provider . I spend about 15 minute on hold with Comcast to get to a real person . they tech rep be very pleasant and helpful . she walk I through the step . basically , all I have to do be turn off my router . my computer , a 2011 Apple iMac , be plug into a wireless router , that be in turn plug into the new modem . Comcast find my modem and activate it . I do not even have to unplug from the router and connect directly modem to computer . once I get to a person at Comcast , it take about 10 minute . they tell I be to drop off the old modem so the rental could be take off my bill . speed test prior to swap modem average 10 to 15 mbp for download . after install the sb 6121 , download speed improve to 35 mbp . upload now come in at about 5.5 mbp . some user mention the sb6121 modem get warm . after a hour or so of download video , I find it be only warm to the touch - not hot . should have do this a long time ago . even if this new router fail some day , I now know it be no big deal to replace it .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be purchase because I want to stop rent a modem from my provider . however , in try to install this modem , it would switch back and forth between be connect and not be connect . furthermore , my provider 's technician inform I he be be see many problem with this model and recommend I the sb6120 -lrb- the older model -rrb- instead . I definitely trust he judgement over mine in this particular instance and will return this and purchase that one .
CableModem	POS	5	could not be simpler ! plug it in and go !!! will also do 1000-base-t for blaze speed . -lrb- compare to same unit @ Office Depot for $ 129.00 -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	fifteen year ago + I purchase my cable modem instead of rent and be pretty happy . lately we be experience dropped\/interrupted internet service - I assume -lrb- correctly -rrb- it be the age of the modem and research available modem . this one have a pretty good rating . I purchase at what I think be a good price -lrb- store - vs - internet -rrb- I have be satisify with its operation -lrb- no more internet interruption and I be run 2 to 4 device at any one time . I be pretty lucky that I do not have to purchase a new modem sooner - hopefully this one will last a while and keep up with technological improvement . I wish there have be better instruction on set-up ... I have to go online -lrb- after set-up -rrb- to get the manual so I know what the different light be and whether they be suppose to be amber\/green\/blue \/ solid or blinking . good product and good price - I be satisfied . now if only my cable company be as easy to contact and replace .
CableModem	POS	5	i buy this item i get tire of pay my cable provider for the basic modem they provide you . . so i decide it to try the motorolum sb6121 and when i get it install it actually increase my internet speed be really stable it do what it be mean for . . i highly recommend it ...
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this here on amazon about 5 week ago . we have decide to use Comcast for ` Internet only ' and take the Arris cable modem back to the Comcast support center . that be say , the physical hook up of the Motorola sb6121 be very easy . Comcast technical support be just , I guess , not use to self installer here . I be on the phone 3 night in a row with Comcast technical support to get to the internal Comcast network , where I could get the Comcast url for activation of the modem . the thing be , by this point , I have give my new indian friend the MAC address of my new modem several different time . aw well , at least we be make progress . come home from work on a Friday evening , after spend the previous 3 evening talk to Comcast support , I get to the same activation url at Comcast and decide to give it a rest . after all , I have my new discounted premium DirectTV package to relax with . cut to the chase , by the next Monday -lrb- 6 day after I start my change over to self installation -rrb- I be able to get to the internet ok . I find that I have to release and renew the dhcp address that Comcast have give I and the new dn be quite different from the one I have previously with the Arris modem . anyway , since dn be clear up and I suspect be add to Comcast 's proxy to the outside world , I have have 100 % up time on the Comcast network .
CableModem	NEG	1	this amp do not work with the latest cable modem such as Motorola sb 6120 . the amplifier definitely boost the tv signal as I can verify that signal-to-noise ratio increase from around 32 db to 40 db . however , the amp seem to either block full bi-directional communication or filter out require frequency for the cable modem to make online connection to isp -lrb- in my case Comcast -rrb- . furthermore , the vendor 's -lrb- cabletvamps.com -rrb- 's support be a joke . when I ask why it be not work with my cable modem , the reply be a copy\/paste of some unrelated topic about the amp not support satellite tv and I should return the product . Main reason I purchase the booster be to split to both cable modem and tv without drop signal strength to the cable modem , but that be not possible with this junk . I be back to use a simple -3.5 db splitter that support upto 1,000 MHz Update ! - the CableTVAmps support finally reply : quote : `` the Motorola s2 be a passive return unit - these be not design to be use with Cable Modems as they will not support the signal . you will need a active return amplifier -lrb- the Motorola k4 be a 4-port unit -rrb- which will support a Cable Modem and any interactive service -lrb- OnDemand , etc. -rrb- that the Cable Company offer ''
CableModem	POS	5	bottom line : this be a great modem and it work with Comcast . Comcast just do not have its act together . this modem be not only on they approve list , it have a three star rating , which , accord to Comcast , be `` the highest and most thorough level of testing . '' when the cable installer get here -lrb- I get a new line install -rrb- , he say that this modem be not on the Comcast list . since I still have my dsl line work , I show he that not only do Comcast approve the modem but that Comcast thoroughly test it . he have to call the `` office '' to activate the internet service . the `` office '' do not want to set up internet service for this modem ; the `` office '' state that this be not a approve modem . well , he recall the `` office '' and get someone else and they set up the service . I have be happy ever since . I be suppose to get up to 20 mbp download and 4 mbp upload . my computer be connect wirelessly . Speednet state that I be get 20 to 25 mbp download and the upload speed be between 3 and 3.5 mbp . I have get similar value with speakeasy and other internet speed testing site . I have a lot of device connect : three computer -lrb- wireless -rrb- , two tv -lrb- one wire , one wireless -rrb- , three different game console -lrb- connect to the wire tv -rrb- , two Nintendo 3d -lrb- wireless -rrb- , one printer -lrb- wireless -rrb- , and a ipod touch -lrb- wireless -rrb- . at time all of these device be run at the same time - the computer be streaming you Tube video , one of the tv be streaming Netflix , etc. . the modem handle all of it effortlessly . I be really please with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	this Motorola bda-s1 be a excellent amplifier . I be use it with a digital hdtv antenna and be able to receive well over 20 channel perfectly . I would definitely purchase this product again .
CableModem	NEG	2	I could not get this modem to work . Comcast technician could not figure out what be wrong with it . I do not think this modem work for everyone .
CableModem	POS	4	pro - DOCSIS 3.0 enablement , on a DOCSIS 3.0 capable network , deliver a superior experience -lrb- I speak for myself and many other , but not all -rrb- - native Gigabit LAN -lrb- my entire home network be Gigabit over Cat 6 -rrb- for future proofing \/ removal of bottleneck \/ standardized networking - smaller footprint than many other surfboard brand modem \/ box shape which allow more mounting option - save $ 5 a month on my monthly internet bill -lrb- modem rental fee -rrb- con - smaller footprint mean higher temp , this should remain in a open or ventilate area - the lead status indicator be unlabeled image that , which , as a fourth gen surfboard owner I easily understand , but may not make sense to a first time owner for identify the current status of the modem . I can imagine some funny tech support call with customer try to explain what this modem be do ... - \* not a product con \* this order be ship by MyMyia Broadband auction , LLC . the shipment method be Super Saver , in which they use USPS . this add almost a week to the overall shipment time . other thought ... online game play be noticeably smoother -lrb- not by much -rrb- , file download seem to hit peak speed more often -lrb- could just be the server I be download from -rrb- , and I now know I have one of the top end modem on my isp network -lrb- if the network become overloaded , I 'll pull more bandwidth than the next customer without channel bonding -rrb- . I be not thoroughly impressed with the use of USPS for shipping , as I purchase 2 other item in the same order , one arrive in 3 business day , the other in 4 , and this one in 7 -lrb- which be actually a day before the estimate arrival -rrb- . I order here to save $ 1.50 over the egg , and if I could do it again , would have go the other way . this be the only reason behind the -1 star on a otherwise flawless order \/ product .
CableModem	POS	5	I be very happy with this product . signal strength be now strong , picture quality be excellent , and pixelation be non-existent . Easy to install . I would recommend it .
CableModem	POS	5	it be everything they say it would be . arrive on time , correct cost and funtion fine . tip , you may have to call you cable company and give they the MAC address to work .
CableModem	POS	5	receive in factory packaging , be very easy to set up with comcast xfinity service . price be about the same on all the site
CableModem	NEU	3	I be not see increase in internet speed . any suggestion on the setting to improve the internet speed ? the hardware itself be stable and be easy to setup .
CableModem	NEG	1	this product be a steal item . I have to return . I have to pay 10 % for nothing . no worth to buy . I highly recommend do not buy .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase this to replace a Motorola sb6120 that be give I trouble . be get 15mb download and .3 mb upload speed with the Motorola . after install the Arris I be now get 25mb download and 4mb upload speed use Comcast .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this as a upgrade for my old Motorola DOCSIS 2.0 modem since cox recommend DOCSIS 3.0 for the Preferred cable internet package I be on . I be hope for a small boost in speed but I have find that I have get up to a 50 % boost in both upload and download speed ! it seem that cox use bond channel for Preferred and I simply be not take advantage of that since DOCSIS 2.0 do not support bond channel usage . overall , if you currently have a DOCSIS 2.0 modem , I recommend you check with you cable internet provider to see if a DOCSIS 3.0 modem be recommend . you might be miss out !
CableModem	NEG	1	I try this product twice , but it be very hard to get a stable connection to the internet , compare with comcast 's ARRIS cable modem . the first installation be do by the comcast technician and the second connection be make through phone technical support . although the second connection be successful , but when connnect to the Linksys wireless router , it lead to a fail connection .
CableModem	POS	5	I love save $ 7 each month ... note : this do not have a phone port -lrb- you can only get those from the cable company -rrb- ; but most people should be switch to VOIP over Google Voice anyway ...  obi110 Voice Service Bridge and VoIP Telephone Adapter
CableModem	POS	5	I be use a Motorola DOCSIS 2.0 attach to my cox cable premium service . switching to the DOCSIS 3.0 instantly double my upload and download speed .
CableModem	NEG	1	Stinks , be a lousy modem , give less than 1\/2 speed advertise . I be gonna try buy.com instead . or eBay , shopping.com , of anyone other than AMD .
CableModem	POS	4	set up simply mean plug everything in . unit be compact and work like a champ . cheaper than best buy . do not care for the fast blinking light , but otherwise very happy with the unit .
CableModem	NEU	3	just get the sb6021 today and spend a half hour with comcast try to get it to work properly . it keep drop the signal . Comcast tech seem quite knowledgable and say she work with this model `` all the time . '' she sound sincere . my older sb6020 lose the blue linked light and be very slow at time ... still work but erratic speed . so far , this one be very fast at time , and again , kind of diddly like old dial-up day at time . -lrb- Comcast or the bandwidth in general may have some part in this -rrb- . at least all the light be on . I have Comcast blast , the best I can get here . the download be in the 25-30 range as expect , but the upload be 7-8 , supposedly in the 80 % high range . the Receive be `` bond . '' the send be not . apparently bond be fast ... so I ask how to get send bond too , but do not get a answer I could understand . be it my comp 's fault ... with its 8 gig RAM and AMD Quadcore ? Dunno ! no virus ; not fragmented . that upload be a royal pain ... too slow . if anybody here have any suggestion or explanation -lrb- in plain English -rrb- , please let I know . : -rrb- and why be this model almost $ 40 cheaper than the older sb6020 ? probably because this have only a one year warrantee , while the older sb6020 have 2 yr . the old one drop the link light just 3 mo . after the warrantee expire . it be still work , but erratic on speed . the paper insert with this model mention the warrantee , but I have to talk to a Motorola rep to find out that the length be only one year on this model . `` why , '' I ask . because that be `` industry standard . '' hah ! `` do not you want buyer to think that you product be better ... that you have ` faith ' in it with a 2 yr warrantee ? '' I ask . ca not quote the gobble-de-gook I get back . LOL as far as the heat other have mention . Yeh . it be hot at the top ... will not burn you , but it be definitely hot . there seem to be good ventilation -lrb- lot of hole all over -rrb- , so maybe the one year warrantee be reflective of the possible earlier demise of this newer `` faster '' version . Hope not . my first surfboard I have from Motorola , be still work after 5 year ! I only replace it to get the faster doc-si 3 for the speed . oh well , Motorola Motorola ... what be happen to you ? be the technology run too fast for you ? be the bandwidth get overload ? I do not know the answer , but do know that the name Motorola be not what it use to be .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase the Motorola SB6121 SURFboard Cable Modem in November . I have be use it for about two month with good response and success with my new HP computer . I would recomm highly for fast speed internet connection . Wish it have a on-off switch like my 10 year old 1.0 surfboard modem , but otherwise excellent .
CableModem	POS	5	Easy to review -- look at m and COX website to find certified compatible modem -- zoom be the only one -lrb- at the time -rrb- that fit the bill . excellent out of the box experience , no connectivity issue , plenty of through-put . I would buy another , but -lrb- knock wood -rrb- I 'll need to do so !
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase a cm100 about 8 month ago at a local store to match my Linksys wrt54g . in the last month or so I have notice sporadic internet service during which my ping time increase by ~ 500m for period of roughly 2-3 minute . well my cm100 finally die today after a gentle existence on the floor behind my tv . I be not pleased that a $ 70 modem only last 8 month .
CableModem	POS	4	I just love this super fast modem . its be a few month now since I get it and its totally dependable and super fast . its be work day and night with no problem since I receive it ... super fast with high response .
CableModem	POS	4	Works well , box have wrong mac id so setup be delay . great modem tho . no complaint so far even tho refurbish
CableModem	POS	5	the earlier review be right about this device . once properly set up , it run without a hitch , and we internet connection seem to be a bit faster than with the older modem it replace , which we have foolishly rent from Comcast for year . I do , however , have some trouble get it register with Comcast . I have read the review say that you just plug it in and fire up you browser to get the online Comcast registration screen , but that do not work for we -lrb- we never see that screen -rrb- . it take a couple of call to Comcast -- the first one to someone who have not a clue , and the second one to someone much more knowledgeable -- to get it register . once that be do , it have work without a hitch for about a week .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this because I have dropuot problem in my bedroom use Comcast triple Play digital . I be allway get a notice to subscribe to a channel that I have be watch 5 minute before while channel surfing . all Comcast would do be replace the cable end , -lrb- I have a pile of they -rrb- . in my original set up I have one splitter for my cable modem\/phone modem that then go to three splitter for my three tv 's . I simply replace both splitter with this . the tv 's all work better and no problem with my internet or phone .
CableModem	POS	5	I have comcast internet . Works great ! no problem . we watch movie , play game and surf , it do everything I hope for .
CableModem	POS	5	we have Comcast cable and decide to discontinue rent they modem , which be a 2.0 - save $ 7 a month ... new modem will pay for itself , right ? I order the modem , Amazon deliver it the next day ... I love be a prime member . we connection be operate at 12 mbp and jump to 25 mbp . we be a family that run Netflix on the tv , Tivo , a Kindle , DSi , and up to 3 wireless laptop at a time !
CableModem	POS	5	my service provider -lrb- Comcast -rrb- advise modem replacement . my original Motorola surfboard never give I a problem . since I own my modem , I buy this new surfboard modem as it be replacement . order and receive be easy and fast . when I get it , I connect it and call Comcast with my EIN number and Model number . Comcast could not initialize my modem , however , and send I to visit my local office . it turn out that Comcast need to know that I own my modem , rather than lease one of they 's . when advise in my next call , I be up quickly , and surprisingly , the Comcast rep be capable and friendly .
CableModem	POS	5	when my former cable modem die several year ago , I replace it with the Zoom Technologies , Inc. model 5241 , and I have not experience a single problem with my Comcast internet connection since that time . download speed , as measure by the flash -lrb- Adobe -rrb- download\/upload speed test at the dslreport site , be typically 3.5 megabits\/second , but I have measure it as high as 6 megabits\/second . these number be probably determine more by Comcast than by the cable modem , but they do indicate that the modem perform at this speed at a minimum .
CableModem	POS	5	work like a charm right out of the box ! no fuss , no muss . I have purchase this to extend signal about 100 ' and because of the multiple output port , I hook up short coax cable to the closest tv and dvd recorder as well . Picture quality also improve a lot !
CableModem	POS	4	worked right out of box . Make sure to call you cable company and give they the MAC address and the serial number to activate it . then you just hook it up directly to you pc or a wireless router -lrb- which I do -rrb- , and you be good to go . no issue so far -lrb- only about a month into use -rrb- . I pair mine with a Medialink Wireless N Router - 802.11 n router . this unit from Motorola be quite small and very light .
CableModem	POS	5	I want to cut down my monthly Comcast bill and one part of the bill be a monthly rental fee for the cable modem . Amazon have several DOCSIS 3.0 modem available , but I could not see any substantive difference in they , so I go with the one just like what Comcast provide to cut down on potential issue . this one work fine out of the box ; I just have to call Comcast and give they the MAC address print on the bottom of the modem -lrb- I actually have to give Comcast the MAC address again when I return the rent modem , but that be a Comcast fail -rrb- . the ubee work just like what I have before , with no monthly rental charge , so I be happy .
CableModem	POS	5	the install setup be easy for I and I be not that puter literate . I have to call Comcast after they screen info -lrb- name and phone # -rrb- still would not connect to the internet . I have to give the tech the MAC Code of the new modem . they have I up and run in about 2 minute . the modem be work great so far without a problem . no need reset or loss of internet . I would recommend this modem to you for sure . it replace a Motorola 5120 that I use for 5 year and still work great . run warmer than my old 5120 but not a issue at all . you will like this modem it be solid and reliable .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be very easy to set up . it take less than fifteen minute to hook it up and run the software on my pc . it work great !
CableModem	POS	5	no complaint . it be easy to set up and forget . it work well with my Linksys router . it be not expensive . and I be not pay the cable company a monthly rental fee . and when I be ready to switch cable isp it be just a phone call because the hardware be mine . hint : you have to give the cable company the MAC address of the new modem . also if you be use it with a router it be not plug and play . you need to give the router the IP address of the modem .
CableModem	NEU	3	on the good side , when it work , the basic internet connectivity work fine . I have have it for half a year now connect with Comcast , and never have any connectivity issue -lrb- unlike the comcast-provided basic Motorola modem -rrb- . on the bad side , it be the third unit by now . I have buy it at BestBuy , and they have be replace they without any question by just stop at the store . good luck shipping it back and forth if you buy it online . the first one have the cable connectivity and ethernet work fine but the WiFi just be not there , be not even show in the config menu . I have call the support and they have say to replace the unit , so I do . the second unit work fine for half a year until it die . there be a big thunderstorm on that day , which might be relate . it be be connect though a UPS _ and _ a surge protector , so the power line can not be the issue . and I have have a laptop sit next to it , plug directly into the wall , connect to WiFi . no problem with the laptop , the router be dead . perhaps it do not have the adequate protection on the antenna circuit . so now I have the third unit , again replace by warranty , and so far it work fine again . the other bad news be that it be quite feature-poor . no comparison at all to the router that Verizon provide with fio -lrb- and mind you , at no charge , unlike Comcast -rrb- . it can not do static address in the lan -lrb- you can leave a block for static address in dhcp but you can not hardcode fixed address in dhcp -rrb- . it can not do the local dn domain for the LAN . you can not assign symbolic name name nor fixed address to you dhcped machine . so if you have say a networked printer , reach it become not exactly straightforward .
CableModem	POS	5	before I make any tech gear purchase , I always do my research , include a careful review of comment on Amazon . I do this before decide on a new cable modem and be glad I choose the Linksys cm100 . I think the best thing that can be say for any cable modem be that it become transparent to the user -- no issue , no problem , no ongoing fiddle with setting try to get it to work . I be happy to say that the cm100 perform very well for I . I be a cox customer and have have very little trouble with this modem . I have have it about a year now , and only once or twice do I have to do the `` unplug-wait-replug '' action to clear some sort of a bottleneck . and the problem may have be completely unrelated to the modem itself . I do not demand or expect 100 percent perfection from anything , but the cm100 come very close to that standard for I . I would buy one again without hesitation .
CableModem	POS	5	I have 2 house set up with 2 different cable company , both of which use the Motorola SB6121 Modem . initially , I use a Motorola Modem with a 1.0 docsis at my Florida home but internet service be intermittent . I replace the modem with the sb6121 and the problem be cure . when Mediacom start charge a monthly fee at my Iowa home , I immediately purchase another sb6121 and return the Mediacom Modem . the Motorola sb6121 perform flawlessly in both Florida and Iowa home and that be the name of the game : reliability .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy the Cisco-Linksys cm100 cable modem to save rent it from Comcast . should have do this year ago . I must have spend enought on rent to buy 3 of they , but Comcast would not just let I have it . it arrive in a few day , be easy to setup -lrb- although you have to call you cable provider and they do something on they end -rrb- and my cable bill go down $ 5 a month .
CableModem	POS	5	product arrive on time , in brown box as describe in ad . connect to my system and after a few call to Comcast get it up & run . I guess Comcast prefer you rent they equipment which be mostly DOCSIS 2.0 and slower .
CableModem	NEG	1	buy this modem because of how well supposedly it work with Comcast and think I could avoid the $ 7.00 rental fee every month . so after follow the ` easy ' instruction , I have no internet access , my network can not be find and there be absolutely no support . Comcast could not & would not help I because it be not there equipment . so basically I have a $ 85 paperweight . oh and it only take 2 hour to restore the network , reset the router at 1am . I work from home after hour so must be connect .
CableModem	POS	5	really not much to say , hook it up to the cable and the router , plug it in , give my cable company the MAC address and everything work as advertise . buy this to replace my ancient Motorola sb5100 that be still work perfectly but the cable company encourage everyone to switch to DOCSIS 3.0 to take advantage of future speed increase . completely seamless transition from the old hardware , no problem with NAT , etc. . pro : idiot-proof set-up and hopefully -lrb- if like my old one -rrb- rock solid reliability . con : none that I can think of .
CableModem	NEG	1	work good for about 9 mo . then no reception at all try everything . I even re route it use new rg6 cable and even try just one tv this be use for my cable tv !
CableModem	NEU	3	I buy this because I be move to Comcast Internet , and I want a fast modem that would not give I any trouble . unfortunately , the first one keep power cycling when I get it hook up . I call Motorola tech support , who tell I that a low sigal to noise ratio be cause the power cycle . I call Comcast , and they tech come out and fix the low snr problem , but the modem keep power cylcing . he replace it with a Comcast modem , which work just fine . the replacement modem that I get work fine , but I be only rating this 3 star because of the hassle I have to go through get it to work .
CableModem	POS	5	it be easy to connect . all you have to do be connect the wire and you be good to go !
CableModem	POS	5	I have a hd channel that be unwatchable until I get this , now it be crystal clear . I would recommend this .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem work great . vendor be quick to ship and I receive it on time , in great shape and ready to go .
CableModem	POS	5	make the jump to light speed with this modem and what a difference . have a problem get up and run and I think that be because the Comcast software only give you the choice of they modem to install with . have to call they twice . second time it be a snap to get go . use Netflix with my AT&T; dsl take forever to load . clarity be not great either . with my Cable dsl through this modem it movie start almost immediately and the clarity be HD quality . best yet , I be not spend $ 5 per month to lease they cable modem ! if I have to do all over again I would get up and run use the Cable company modem then switch the next day .
CableModem	POS	5	isp : Comcast Comcast Internet Package : Performance -lrb- 15 mbp -rrb- Comcast provide modem : they `` latest DOCSIS 3.0 Arris '' modem Router : Linksys E4200 v1 the reason why I buy this modem be simple ... why pay $ 7\/month to rent a modem when I can buy one myself , with potentially better spec , and cost savings 10 month out . I find good review for this modem and figure why not , especially since http:\/\/mydeviceinfo.comcast.net\/ show that this specific modem be sign off as support by Comcast , along with they highest , 3-star rating . I can not be certain that the new Motorola modem be buy I speed\/reliability over the Arris modem , but I know that my wife and I have be run we computer and game console without a hitch . with the Arris modem , we find the internet to slow down several time a week require modem reboot , but maybe we be just get lucky . but hey , possible positive be a good thing right ? I be pay for Comcast 's performance package which claim speed of 15 mbp down . with the Arris I be see speed around ~ 17-25 mbp down . with the new Motorola I be see 20-25 mbp down -lrb- both much higher than expect -rrb- . I have see slow upload with both modem , but I think that be a Comcast thing . -lrb- random : I previously have fio 25\/25 and be get 30\/25 . those be the good ol' day -rrb- if you be use this with Comcast , remember that you be go to have to contact customer service and get they to send a signal to you new modem in order for it to work - do not expect it to be plug-n-play .
CableModem	POS	5	work without any issue right out of the box . I purchase this item as refurbish , but the item and its packaging appear as if new and unused . save a few buck so I be very happy .
CableModem	POS	5	I be have a lot of problem with we Comcast service . the signal come in be lousy . I install this outside with the remote power option . all tv get all channel now . no issue . could not recommend this highly enough .
CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this modem after extensive research and the great product review . it be a `` 3 star '' rate approved modem for comcast\/xfinity . the self setup be dead simple - connect the cable input to the modem , power up and let it sync with the signal . then I directly connect the modem to my laptop and `` fire up '' the browser which take I to the activation page for Comcast . inpute the information request -lrb- account no. , mac id , phone number -rrb- and activate the modem . in less than 30 minute I be online with blaze speed . I than connect my router to the modem and the network be up and run . I be amaze and really pleased with myself , Comcast and Motorola . the modem perform great for a few hour , than the problem start . I lose connection and signal sync . ok - decide to do a hard restart : I disconnect the modem , disconnect the power and the cable . do a hard restart , reconnect the cable and ethernet and be back online - for about one hour . I lose connection again . call Comcast - good tech support who check thing at he end and instruct I to do another hard restart . I be back online for the rest of the evening . however , when I get up in the morning I be again offline . at that point I check the Comcast Broadband forum for some answer . this be a known issue with many user of the sb6121 and be trace to the quality of the signal from the isp . if the signal be less than ideal -lrb- snr , Power Level -rrb- any noise will kick you offline and the modem will not self recover . you will have to do a hard restart each time to get back online . when online , you 'll get great internet speed . but you 'll suffer from frequent disconnect and the need to reboot the modem . aside from the inconvenience , the need for frequent hard reboot can not be good for the durability of the modem . so unless you have good signal quality from the isp I would recommend you buy another modem . in my case -lrb- after research the user Forum -rrb- , I switch to a zoom 5341j . so far after 2 day - no problem . by the way , after look at the certification rating on the Xfinity\/Comcast Approved Modems list more closely , I learn the `` star '' be not a measure of quality or performance of the modem . the star be a measure of the level of test the modem have go through during certification . each star be another level of testing . in summary - the Motorola sb6121 be a good modem but maybe too sensitive the signal quality for some user .
CableModem	POS	5	product come in , be a easy hook up tho i do have to spend about 1 hour on the phone with Comcast . have great range and the wireless connection be fast enough for my son to play battlefield 3 on he notebook upstairs in he room with no lag . Works as good as we can expect . look good also .
CableModem	POS	5	Fed up with the increase in Charter Cable modem rental , we `` go for break '' and purchase this unit . as with several previous review , it be amazing that you take out the old one , install the new one , and upon start-up the Charter software detect the new modem . the system ask for we account number and old modem MAC , then take it all from there . a 15 minute install . ca not speak for reliability -lrb- just install today -rrb- yet , but absolutely thrill at the ease of installation .
CableModem	POS	5	I try to use it with Comcast in California - it work and work fast ! easy to setup and easier to use\/reset etc. . I recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	4	switch from phone company dsl about a month ago . Slow connect and little help to resolve . Got connect with local Cable one service , same price -lrb- at least for a year -rrb- as dsl , but advertise at 50mps versus 20 from phone company -lrb- accord to speed test more like 10 -rrb- . lease unit with installation and check it out , very good speed and reliable connection . so decide to to purchase my own unit , this be the exact same unit as the original installation right down to the packing box -lrb- cost $ 11 more to buy with standard packaging ?? -rrb- . have for bout a month now and still work great , clocked at anywhere between 20-51mps depend on what site you use to check speed . happy with unit and service from isp make it a easy set-up . . p check price on both version offer by Amazon , packaging only different for price difference of $ 11 at time of my purchase . .
CableModem	POS	5	want to replace the modem that Comcast provide . it will take several month to break even , but in the meantime I be enjoy much faster and consistent speed with every device -lrb- ipad , iPhone , Apple TV , and a Windows 7 pc . very noticeable difference . I just have to call Comcast support and let they know I have the device .
CableModem	POS	5	Easy to install . with a quick call to my cable company the switching of my modem be no problem . Worth the price .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this product to upgrade my network and it work great . I have have no problem with the unit and once I get Comcast to recognize it , I have have no issue at all . I would recommend this product to anyone who be consider upgrade to a gigabit network .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this modem as a new unit without the pretty packaging . it arrive on time and work well for a half a hour or so . then the power supply burn out . after a quick call to Motorola and a repurposing of one of my hard drive power supply the modem be work again . this must be a common problem , as motorolum support suggest this approach as my first intervention . after confirm the supply be bad , they promptly send a new power supply . with a new power supply the modem be very dependable and easy to use . I would buy it again . if yours fail , check the power supply by plug in a similar one from you own collection and call motorolum to get a new one .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be easy to setup . it be give I blaze fast internet -lrb- 100\/1000 -rrb- , and just keep run ! so far so good !
CableModem	POS	5	very good modem . increase speed between isp and my network by 50 % without change anythng . old modem provide by isp be a dog . one thing though , initially could not complete connection transaction with my isp -lrb- Comcast -rrb- through they `` wall garden '' web page . the modem issue `` power failure '' status . set the modem back to `` factory default '' , which it should have have right out of the box but , apparently , do not and do a soft reset clear up the problem . it immediately connect with my isp and have be work well ever since . do not get very warm and I no longer experience connectivity drop out like I do with the isp supply modem . I should have do this a long time ago . highly recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	be seem very robust and high quality when hold in the have . the indicator light be well position , very visible , and easy to interpret . it sit firmly . it be easy to set up . I use it with comcast xfinity internet . it seem perfect to I .
CableModem	POS	4	I have a high end workstation that I use for cad work . it have two gigabit ethernet port . I be never able to get team to work with the adapter and lately I have to turn off ipv6 and change some other setting in order to keep from drop my connection . other computer on my network be also experience slow connection . after do some research here and elsewhere I decide to try the Motorola Surfboard sb6121 since I be run and old sb5101 . initially I just run the ethernet cable directly into a laptop from the modem . when I power it on I keep get the modem reset that people be talk about . so I try connect to the modem by typing 192.168.100.1 into my browser . at first I could not connect then I finally do and be able to look in the log on the cable modem to see what be go on . the log show it continually reboot because of a t4 timeout . so I call Comcast and within a half a hour I be up and run . once I get my router hook back up I have to restart my computer a couple of time due to some IP address conflict . since then it have be work flawlessly . I be even able to enable team my network adapter ! I check my speed on speetest.net before and after the modem . my download speed do not change much but my upload speed double ! so far I be very happy !
CableModem	POS	5	Works as advertise ! a must have if you main cable line be over 50 ' , you have mutiple splitter , or live in a appartment .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem work great with my Comcast service in the Bay Area . I have blast service which be advertise to provide 30 mbp download speed , and I get over 30 mbp with this modem connect to my 4 year old laptop when I perform a speedtest on the comcast website . it also show over 6mbp of upload speed . keep in mind that this be the case when I connect the router directly to the laptop with a ethernet cable . if you attach a wireless router it will most likely not give you the same result but that be due to the wireless router . I get over 20 mbp with the linksy e3200 wireless router which I buy to complement this cable modem and I would recommend the Linksys e3200 if you be look for a fast dual-band wireless router to pair up with this modem . as for the installation , it could not have be easier for I . Comcast have originally rent I this same modem for 7 month -lrb- $ 49 I throw away in rent -rrb- so when the new modem arrive , I simply disconnect the old ubee modem and plug in the new uBee Docsis 3.0 Cable Modem . when I turn on my firefox internet browser it divert I to the comcast installation page where I follow the step -lrb- you need you account number -rrb- and within a few minute it detect the new modem and I have internet ! simple as that , no need to call comcast in my case or look for any MAC address . keep in mind that this be probably the case because I be rent the same exact ubee cable modem , but if you do need to call Comcast , the MAC address be easily accessible on the bottom of the cable modem . now 3 month after I buy the modem I have save $ 21 and I be happily continue to save with little to no issue in connectivity !
CableModem	NEU	3	after read a ton of feedback and talk to Comcast about DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem that they support , I decide to order the Motorola sb6121 . the next decision be to save a few $ $ by order the brown box\/environmentally safe packaging . do not care if it come in a plain box , just as long as its a brand-new unit . the item arrive via USPS -lrb- super slow and forget about they ability to track package -rrb- after the seller promptly ship the product . after receive the item , I immediately -lrb- and excitedly -rrb- install it and then , nothing ... I call Comcast and have a technician on the phone while we try to figure out why the unit be unable to receive the cable signal . after 15-20 frustrating minute of plug and unplug , the technician inform I that the cable modem be DOA and suggest that I send it back . I have to re-install the old 2.0 cable modem that still work , albeit on a much slower speed . one thing about the experience be the return policy of Amazon be amazing . I be a huge fan and I be a bigger fan now after this experience . great job Amazon . just sad that I do not get a work unit for whatever reason . the 3 star be for the promptness of the seller in ship the item and Amazon 's return policy .
CableModem	POS	4	I get this modem to replace a older version of the Motorola surfboard that be list as `` eol '' -lrb- end of life -rrb- by my cable company . so far , it be pretty awesome . previously , I be have stall problem w \/ Netflix streaming , and have to reboot my airport wireless every other day or so , as the old modem would lose connection with it . since I buy this one , I have not have to do that once , and have have no streaming problem with Netflix or AppleTV . I definitely recommend it . a word to the wise , if you use ComCast , keep the box handy for the serial number ...
CableModem	POS	5	install right where Comcast cable come into the house for Digital HD cable with 2 dvr 's and internet . problem with lose channel and pixelated tv be solve . I would highly recommend this .
CableModem	POS	5	excellent product clear up my freezing snowy picture . very easy to install , handle the 4 set no problem . if you look for a quality item this be it .
CableModem	POS	4	I have to do a little research on this to try to find the best `` bang '' for my buck and also a modem that be compatible with my cable company . I have have great luck with the motorolum brand and this product be no exception . it be plug and play right out of the box and take only a few minute before I be up and run on the internet . this be a great buy . - Brian Havre de Grace , md
CableModem	POS	4	this will be the third of this modem I have buy ... now the rental fee be look better , yeesh ! to explain - I live downtown in a small town -lrb- 17k -rrb- . last year we have terrible storm and crazy flooding which kill power to half of mainstreet . not my side of town , but we still get surge and flicker . I have not realize that the first modem be not plug into a surge protector at all . lightning storm , modem die , sad face . not a problem with the modem at all - when it be not fry , it work great ! buy this modem again , use it very reliably for a year , but more storm , move and a new apartment where Charter have to re-fish the cable through the wall because the old one have gash in it and be drop nearly 10 volt lower in signal than it should have be ... I think it fry the modem again . so , perhaps the modem \* could \* be a bit more resilient , but honestly , it be a piece of relatively sensitive electronics . I have to pay the price -lrb- again -rrb- for not be very careful with it . I use this couple with a  Belkin Wireless 150N Router -lrb- f6d4230-4 -rrb-  overall I be very pleased with this router , which be why I be buy it for the third time , along with the  Belkin be112230-08 12-outlet Home\/Office Surge Protector with Telephone and Coaxial Protection  I 'll post again if there be any other update .
CableModem	NEU	3	read the review on Amazon , I decide against the Netgear product . apparently in DOCSIS cable modem , the manufacturer be not the one who control the firmware , it be the cable service provider . even be very comfortable muck with these device , I decide to go with the Motorol sb6121 as I didnt want to spend lot of time install the Netgear modem . issue find when use this with Comcast : -lrb- 1 -rrb- this device do not pick the dn and route information automatically while get a IP address . due to this , I have to manually enter this information in the Netgear Wireless Router that I use currently . -lrb- 2 -rrb- this device do not work flawlessly with a Mac . it take I a while to figure it out after read doc on the internet . its difficult to browse the web and trouble-shoot when the internet connection be down ! it work now , but every now and then when the dynamic ip-address expire , I have to poke around and get the internet to work again . Comcast technical support over the phone will not help if the device get and ip-address . they do not care if the route and dn information be not get set . this Motorola model be certify by Comcast - strange ! Comcast support recommend I get a professional to come and look at the problem and pay more than the cost of this modem if its not a Comcast issue .
CableModem	POS	4	it be exactly the same model\/unit use by xfinity\/comcast . I purchase this one to replace the rental unit from Comcast . after receive the new unit , I unplug the rental unit and plug in the new unit . call Comcast . the guy on the phone could not get it to work , and could not find out why . he ask I to call again in normal business hour . -lrb- I call they at 10pm . -rrb- I decide to connect it to my computer anyway . after firing up my browser , it be all automate . with only a few click on the computer , the new unit be install and work great . lesson learn : avoid human interaction if possible , especially when deal with Comcast . Hope this help !
CableModem	POS	5	install the Cisco cable modem and call the Internet Service provider with MAC information and in seconds I be up and run . this unit be a replacement for a Motorola modem that be have issue . it be work and perform great . I recommend this modem .
CableModem	POS	4	the box say that this modem be not compatible with Time Warner , but I buy one on a hunch and decide to try it with Time Warner SoCal , and contrary to what the box say , it work -lrb- it be docsis 3.0 , after all -rrb- . it take a lengthy conversation with a -lrb- quite knowledgeable -rrb- level 3 tech to get it work , but it do work . the UpStream\/DownStream light definitely help with the diagnosis . accord to the tech , the modem be not request a IP address from the TimeWarner servers-even though it be synce . I even try manually refresh the IP -lrb- LAN side -rrb- and it would not work . HOWEVER , once I reboot the system on the LAN side , the cable modem then make a request and everything work . strange , because the modem should request a IP regardless if anything be plug into the LAN side .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace cable and satellite with a tv antenna in the attic . I try to use a non-powered splitter on the cable that pass the antenna from the cable breakout box to the new Panasonic 50 '' plasma hdtv in the living room and back down to the breakout box and that be a no go . I have the Kennesaw mountain between I and the Atlanta transmitter so I first add a single output Motorola BDA amp between the antenna and the first splitter but the 15 db up be still knock down by 3.5 db -lrb- or 7 db I do not remember -rrb- by the splitter . the main tv only have the single cable from the one splitter and it be work great but the other tv go through a additional 4 way splitter and that definitely be 7 bd down per output . I replace this 4 way with the bda-s4 and now the other room be get really good reception . on all tv 's Channel 46-1 CBS and 11-1 Atlanta Live be lose during certain condition in the day -lrb- night and rain -rrb- but morning seem to be they best time . I do not think of -lrb- or know about -rrb- use the dual output BDA amp from Motorola in lieu of the first splitter or I might have get better reception on the iffy channel . oh well , what another $ 50.00 ? the hdtv local news channel pop out at you -lrb- do I mention my new 50 '' hdtv screen -rrb- and I think the show be better look than satellite -lrb- because its free ? -rrb- the show I do not get over the air I use Hulu , Netflix on PS3 , or direct to the station web sight on a pc . now I need a good hd-dvr and I be set .
CableModem	POS	5	this product be easy to install and result in double my connection speed with Comcast . if you network be wireless , you may need a new wireless router in order to get the higher speed . I pair the Motorola sb6121 with Cisco Linksys ea3500 router because my old router be not compatible with the new modem .
CableModem	POS	5	this be a great upgrade . the setup be very easy , not sure what other be say that they could not get it to work with Comcast . just call Comcast with you modem mac address and you be do . now I be get 18Mbps + down and 4mbp + up with basic service . delivery be fast . great purchase over all .
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this item because my Comcast provide SA\/Cisco DPC2100 box be sluggish . http traffic be slow and overall transfer traffic use to peak at 24mbit for 30 seconds before drop by 25 % to 18mbit . we have a Comcast Teleworker connection here which be suppose to deliver 25mbit downstream . additionally , I use to have a 24mbit connection via cable -lrb- different isp , different modem etc -rrb- before and it never use to happen . I go through the basic troubleshooting process - change cable , change setup , bench the dn , test different router etc. . in the end , it look like the modem . a bit digging online confirm that . my intention be to purchase a device where I do not have to restart the modem everyday or have constant time-out . the sb6120 be apparently the device of choice . Though because the 6121 be on offer for just $ 3 more , I choose it over the 6120 . I can not make a comparison between the two . however , the dpc2100 to the sb6121 be like day and night . my connection be , 2 day later , extremely stable . additionally , my ping rate decrease from 19m to 13m . the datum throughput increase from 24 to 27mbit - and it stay there ! all in all , a pretty good device .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a D-Link dcm-202 that I get from best buy about five year ago . the D-Link be great till about 6 month ago when I notice it start freezing on I . I have to unplug it , then plug it back in to get it go again , and Netflix on the Apple TV start have issue . when the Motorola sb6121 come in I call my service provider to give they the MAC ID # print on the modem , instruction , and on the box , then hook it up and do . it have be run for about a week now and I have not have any issue with it and Netflix be streaming perfectly . and the modem do not seam to get hotter than any other small electronic device .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy a refurbish Linksys cm100 because my isp decide to go up on the rental even for modem already install , which make no sense whatsoever as they have already purchase the modem and there be no associated monthly expense other than a occasional replacement , just pure profit for they . for six month ' rental I could buy this refurb , so I do . I hope everyone do the same thing and `` stick it to the man '' as young people say these day . my only real complaint about the modem be the same as with other similar modem : no power switch so you have to unplug it to turn it off and the led be very bright at night and I find that annoy . as far as minor issue , the enclosed disc be not for OSX , only Windows -lrb- not that it be need -rrb- and the MAC address be print so small that I have to use a magnifying glass and a bright light to read it . if you do not get the MAC address right when you call you isp , it will not work at all . as a tip , the letter be slightly taller than the number so it be easy to tell a 0 from a o -- with the magnifying glass . the packing be secure with the component in a pulpboard tray inside two cardboard box . it actually look new and if it have not say on the package it be a refurb , I would not have know . the cable provide be new , not sure about the power supply , look new but who know . aesthetically , it have a small footprint and no extraneous design feature , which I appreciate . my isp 's tech support have some difficulty get I online with the new modem but it be all they fault and have nothing to do with the modem itself . at first he say the problem must be with the modem but I insist that he double check and he `` run diagnostic '' and keep I on hold for fifteen minute and then all be well after a restart of the modem and the computer . I do not make he explain what the problem be since I be just glad the problem be resolve and I have waste enough time . the entire call last exactly sixty minute ! a speed test show I be get the full speed subscribe to so no complaint on that -- it work just fine . before purchase this modem I do talk with my isp tech support to confirm it be compatible . they be switch over to DOCSIS 3.0 for higher speed but he say for anything under 10 mbp , DOCSIS 2.0 would continue to work fine indefinitely . still , check with you isp to be sure . my provider be RCN and they do not list this modem but he say any DOCSIS 2.0 modem would be fine . I be careful to purchase from a dealer who offer a seven day return as many seller force you to deal with Linksys for warranty issue even if it be DOA . I do suspect that many people who complain on the internet that these refurb do not work just have a problem on the isp end like what I go through . in the end , though , for the price of a new one you could easily buy two refurb so what do you have to lose ?
CableModem	POS	4	I pick this up from another retailer when the Motorola sb6121 give I problem the thing keep reset . a real pain when play on line game this one be fast and reliable . no problem whatsoever . a small footprint on my desk since I do not need a separate router as well . only hiccup be a standard setting that block against flood of datum attack with the high speed Comcast I get 30m download so it think someone be flood my computer with datum . a email to zoom and they give I the quick answer on what security set to uncheck
CableModem	POS	4	it work pretty well currently . but it do cost I lot of effort to activate it in Comcast . it keep reset itself so I have to call to activate it
CableModem	POS	5	I never buy the modem on Amazon , I buy it at Staples for approximately $ 70 back in March but it be now discontinue . I currently have Mediacom and I be only pay for 10mgb but since I have use the modem , my speed have double to almost triple . I have never have to unplug , reset or anything of the sort compare to when I have rent one of they modem . watch Netflix , Hulu and several other site have be work out very well . I would definitely recommend this modem to other . my router be also a Netgear -lrb- wndr3700 -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	use a infinitv 4 tuner with Windows Media Center -lrb- Windows 7 -rrb- . before add the bda-s1 booster : signal level -26 dbmv snr 26 db after add booster : signal level -6.9 dbmv snr 30.4 db we have intermittent freezing & block on some channel ; those problem disappear when we add the booster . I recommend this for anyone who have low\/marginal signal level and snr .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work well . achieve 56 mbp downstream with Comcast blast internet access service . connect reliably . be easy to configure : simply take it out of the box , connect cable and power lead , then let Comcast add the modem to its database so it allow it to connect . some review indicate the box can get hot , we have not see that .
CableModem	NEG	1	purchase this item to replace my `` end-of-life '' cable modem and have nothing but problem . it disconnect every couple of hour and have to be reset . this be not very convenient when work from home and be downright impossible when I be away from home and try to access my system remotely . my internet provider tell I they have have nothing but problem with this brand of modem and they find it to be incompatible with they system -- even though the manufacturer claim it be .
CableModem	POS	5	after read the review of this and other cable modem , I feel like I be take a leap of faith to purchase it because some reviewer hate it , other love it . what I find be that this be a good value for the price . it have be work solid for almost a month now , no problem . I have own a Motorola surfboard sb4200 for about 10 year and it work just fine all that time , so I figure I would stick with Motorola . the only reason I upgrade be that my cable provider say I need a DOCSIS 3.0 modem . my old one still work fine on they system but be unable to provide the highest speed they offer -lrb- I think it be DOCSIS 2.0 -rrb- . I decide not to get the more advanced model with integrate router\/switch in it because I already have a router\/switch that I have be use , plus I think a reviewer say it run hotter . anyway , this decision do not turn out perfectly , but it give I a education . more on that in a second . the best part be that when I plug directly into the modem and get on the phone with Comcast , walk through the process of set it up with they , I get a immediate speed boost . on the old cable modem , I be run at about 12 mbp download , 1.5 mbp upload . now I be cruise along at 25mbp down and 4.2 mbp up . now about that router\/switch . I find out that when I plug it in to the modem , my speed drop back to 12 mbp . the reason be that the switch 's WAN port only support up to 10mbp -lrb- roughly -rrb- between it and the cable modem . the router be just about as old as my previous cable modem ... so ... my next purchase be a Linksys wrt54gl 4-port wireless router\/switch . the new router can talk to the modem at full speed , so I get my full 25 mbp down again . I still appreciate have the modem separate from the router because it give I more option . sometime I might want a 8-port wire router instead of be limit to 4 wire port . bottom line be that the slowdown problem be cause by the router , not by this cable modem .
CableModem	POS	5	Hi folk , just get the Zoom cable modem this afternoon , and what I can tell you be this , the unit be up and run with in 15 min , how well will it work the jury be still out . this also be the BEST service on delivery to-date with Amazon . I get the unit in two business day very cool bean . I will keep you all advise on the workings of the unit soonest .
CableModem	NEG	2	June 13 , 2012 the modem do not connect to Comcast server , and the representative that be try to install it say that it be defective . I be currently try to exchange it for a new one , because base on the other review this seem to be a solid product , and I just get unlucky . UPDATE , July 8 , 2012 I finally receive my replacement modem after more than two week . I have to pay to ship it back to Digital Media Source , and additionally have to lease a modem from the cable company while I do not have one . overall this be a slow and expensive return\/exchange process , but the fact that I now have a function modem bump this from one star to two .
CableModem	POS	4	this cable modem work immediately out of the box , set up simply and start work right away . I use Comcast . no problem to set up . once set up , if you be nearby this thing be perfect . Wireless be fast , wire connection be fast , all be well . in the next room there be a new Mac desktop , about 35 foot away from the zoom and one wall . it barely pick up the signal . if you have a home or anything you need a real wireless signal for , pick something else . if you want a great modem that will be place exacty where most of you equipment be -lrb- e.g. behind the tv with multiple thing connect -rrb- , then it be perfect . I would still buy this , if for nothing else than the price for a good modem and a good router in one piece .
CableModem	POS	4	this solve all the issue I have with my isp . I be call at least once a week because of outage . I plug this in and activate it in a few minute and have not have any issue . well worth it .
CableModem	POS	5	definitely make a difference . I use it with a inside antena and the quality become undistinguishable -lrb- or better -rrb- from a channel tv . definitely worth the money .
CableModem	NEU	3	I be unable to actually use the product , as it do not have a telephone jack in it , which be what I need accord to the cable company , in addition to the ethernet jack . I do have a problem with the seller , as there be no refund , and I be not aware of it at the time of my purchase . if I have read all the post regard the seller and he irate response , I would not have do business with he in the first place . Buyer beware . it come with a 90-day manufacturer 's warranty as refurbish and do not have a problem with that , and come complete with installation disc , usb cord and ac adapter . I relist back onto Amazon and sell it right away .
CableModem	POS	5	Great little unit . reliable . cheap and all yours -lrb- no `` leasing '' the thing from you cable company ! -rrb- . I have use this in three install and they just work . they be great value for money if you get a refurb and very reliable in my experience . not much more I can say really . if you be look for a cable modem , this be it .
CableModem	POS	4	order and pay for a new Linksys CM100 Cable modem and be send a refurb . not too happy with that , especially since iMall will not return my email . other than that , seem to be work great .
CableModem	POS	5	good modem lynksy product be great . i buy this modem to replace the refurbish peace of crap comcast supply I with and i do not know why i do not do it sooner . this modem have not drop my connection at all . and for people think that a new modem will give you faster down\/uploading speed it wont you isp supply the speed this will just give you more reliable service . I definitely recommend this modem . \*\*\*\*\* five star all the way .
CableModem	NEG	1	my linksys cm100 modem die after less than 12 hour of use . it work fine when the cable technician setup we service . but the next morning , there be no light on the modem . probably a thermal issue with the power supply cause premature death . I could not return the defective unit to Amazon because the package be open and more than 30 day have elapse since the purchase -lrb- we have to wait a long time to get the house wiring ready for cable -rrb- . so , I contact Cisco\/Linksys customer service . they determine that the modem be defective and issue a rma . they make I pay to return they defective modem to they . and the replacement they send out be REMANUFACTURED -lrb- scratch - no user manual -rrb- . think about this from a customer 's perspective : Linksys manufacture a defective product . Linksys make the customer pay the shipping cost to return the defective product . Linksys send out a use , refurbish replacement . Poor business practice if you ask I .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem about six week ago , to replace one I be lease from Comcast , after they increase the monthly charge from $ 3 to $ 5 . I be glad I do ; with my old modem I be get download speed of about 3.6 mbp , and now I be get 18 mpb -- even though I be supposedly only sign up for 6 mbp . I do seem to be have more disconnect from the Comcast server since 1\/01\/2010 but I suspect this be not relate to the modem . anyhow , for less than $ 70 , I be happy . I 'll save what I pay in a little over a year and my internet access speed be greatly improve !
CableModem	POS	5	this product work great ! I have some channel that would pixel and some channel that would not come in with Comcast cable . this unit solve all of that . it also make my computer down load faster . on my Tivo it make the signal strength go from 70 to 100 . on my computer the downstream power go from -13 dbmv to +2 dbmv . this be money very well spend .
CableModem	POS	5	other than hang at the initial setup process -lrb- which simply finish at the reboot , but feel scary at the time -rrb- and a propensity to make life miserable on my previous generation docsis 2 & 3 router , I have find this docsis 3 cable modem predictable and solid . try a inexpensive e1200 Linksys router and they never speak much ... a return and twice as much money spend on a new dual-band Gigabit  ASUS Black Diamond dual band wireless-n 600 router -lrb- rt-n56u -rrb-  on occasion after a especially brutal power spike -lrb- even with surge-conditioned power -rrb- it will need its reboot -lrb- just unplug it for 5 seconds -rrb- but that be only rarely happen . usually just take it in stride . my wife 's WIFI laptop be much happier now while streaming - the more capable router really allow this cable modem to shine . amazing throughput ! a switch on the front be miss ...
CableModem	POS	4	this device work like a champ the picture be crisp and there be no freezing in the picture DO NOT HOOK up on a CABLE MODEM IT will not work , you will have to get a booster with a return .
CableModem	POS	5	four ethernet input . pure genius . my computer have be drop its wifus connection for year , drive I nut , but now it connect directly into one of the ethernet input and this be no longer a problem . this have no effect whatsoever on the other wifus connect computer in the house . set this up to work with Comcast be a snap . hopefully , this modem\/router will have a long and happy life .
CableModem	POS	5	very impress with this , and believe that other who be frustrated need to slow up a bit with they installation attempt . auto-configured and even act as a pass-thru bridge to my Netgear fvs338 firewall behind it . take ~ 5 minute for it to figure out that it want to be a bridge when it grow up . on the other hand , when I connect a single pc behind it -lrb- \* and wait \* -rrb- , it become its own NAT router . you just need to wait a few minute , and probably reboot when switching between those two mode . there be a config page if you boot with no cable connection at all , but I never even spend the time to figure out the password . the thing be literally plug and play . fast too !
CableModem	POS	5	I do host through a home server and this modem handle the minor level of traffic well -lrb- if any of the server start take load , I offload they to ec2 -rrb- . run fine , not too hot , and be very simple to setup .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be not compactable with Comcast . it be not on they approve modem list and can not be activate . would have be nice if this be mention in the product description or tech spec .
CableModem	POS	5	I be worry when shop for a cable modem that I would not find one compatible with xfinity , this be the same brand they use and it work perfectly once they initialize it . no problem so far and I do not think there will be any since xfinity would not want to purchase a inferior product themselves .
CableModem	NEU	3	Ive read through the good and bad review . be a it manager I start to do my home work . try the Motorolla sb6121 first , 2 issue I have with it , one ; it run hott , two ; be 4 channel downstream instead of 8 like the Cisco . the low down , Cisco release a firmware upgrade , which ISP provider begin to pump out , which kick of a slew of random disconnection and reset for many however ; Cisco release a fix -lrb- in early July -rrb- to the isp and they have fix this by push this out . so I decide to give it a shot . with that be say , I get 5-7mb faster on my cisco than I do the motorolum . my pick be the Cisco dpc3008
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work great as a replacement for the lease modem from comcast . I recommend buy this model and never have to pay another monthly fee from comcast . it will pay for itself in less than a year ! be use it for 3 month now and no problem whatsoever and it be easy to set up just call comcast to activate and you be all set .
CableModem	POS	5	after move to a new construction townhouse in a cox Cable certify location , my old Arris DOCSIS 2.0 cable modem begin randomly drop my internet connection and progressively slow down over the course of a day . after installing\/activating this modem with cox rus , I be now see download speed of 32 + mbp -lrb- vs. ~ 20 mbp -rrb- and upload speed of 12 + mbp -lrb- vs. ~ 6 mbp -rrb- with a ` a ' line quality rating and excellent snr reading . I have the modem connect with a aftermarket cat6 ethernet cable to my dual-band Gigabit router provide both wire and WiFi access to several computer , av device , and game console throughout my home . for activation , you will need the customer s\/n and the MAC of the device . my cable modem have one sticker with this information apply to the bottom and at least six -lrb- 6 -rrb- additional professionally print sticker in the box for I to place in other location -lrb- e.g. network log book -rrb- . activation be quick-and-easy over the phone with modem identification and activation happen less than 10-minute after complete the phone call .
CableModem	POS	5	great product . I hook it up when I get the internet connection and no issue till now . also , it provide great speed since it be docsis3 .0 .
CableModem	POS	5	I look at all the choice of DOCSIS 3.0 Cable modem . this have previous good review so I purchase this one . it be a use model , but I plug it in and it have be work well with no problem .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy one of these baby because it be by far the cheapest modem I could find out there , and because with Amazon Prime , shipping be lightning fast . I have Comcast by the way . it work great for 4 or 5 day , and then a major Thunderstorm hit my area and there be a few power spike . the modem just stop work . none of my other electronic device be affect -lrb- include my router , which be not connect to a surge protector , my modem be -rrb- . I guess that the electrical current that kill the modem come from the cable jack , not the power supply . I be pretty upset , but I buy another one from the same seller the day after -lrb- 30 dollar be not worth the anguish of deal with Linksys customer support -rrb- , and this time I get a surge protector that insulate the power supply , as well as the cable input . be run great for 2 week now . moral of the story : protect you investment , you internet depend on it .
CableModem	POS	5	because they can not make enough profit off I , TW Cable start charge I $ 5 for rental of a modem they have give I for free for 6 year . it be a slight upgrade from the one I replace , although you can not really tell it from the performance . I plug it in , call TW to let they know -lrb- they have to do something in they office to get it recognize by the network -rrb- and I go right back to work on my computer .
CableModem	NEG	1	I receive this modem promptly , but when I plug it in , it be dead . no light go on . when I get in touch with the seller , I be tell I would have to send it back and pay for ship both way . I be also tell that I would have to pay a 20 % restock fee , but when I object to this outrage , I be tell that Digital Media Source `` could waive '' the restock fee . furthermore , when I call Motorola Technical support and give they the serial number , I be tell that the warranty on this modem have expire . this mean that the advertising be fraudulent , since the modem be advertise as new . I would not buy this modem if I be you , because if you do , you could end up with a modem which have no more functionality than a rock and for which you would have to pay shipping both way . the tracking number show that the seller receive my package on August 20 , but it be now September 1 and I have receive no refund at all . I do not yet know if I will ever get a refund even for the purchase price without the shipping . beware !
CableModem	POS	5	we house have 3200 + sq. ft. of live space on three level with several cable tv outlet throughout the house . the associate cable run for these outlet be long and thus a lot of signal loss . in fact i do not have enough signal to operate a cable box anywhere except for one location in the house . needless to say the tv reception be marginal at best in most of the house . after install this product I have enough signal strength to put a cable box anywhere in the house . the tv have never have such good picture quality . my internet speed increase substantially . installation be a breeze . I would definitely recommend this product for those experience problem such as mine .
CableModem	POS	5	have some initial setup issue , but it turn out it be Comcast . this modem run like a champ . I be get 50 + mbp download -lrb- what I pay for -rrb- and setup be simple . it be also aesthetically please . . the modem be small and can be inconspicuous of place properly .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a single cable enter my home , that Comcast install . for at least a year I be able to use a cheap passive 2-way splitter and watch both my tv thru a TiVo Premiere , and access the internet at 25mbp -lrb- nice -rrb- . but recently , for a unknown reason , the Internet Signal become too weak to access the web . the TiVo continue to work , as apparently it do not require as strong a signal . if I remove the Splitter , and connect the cable directly to my Cable Modem , the internet would work . but I want to watch tv , too ! every call to Comcast end with they want to send a technician over - while charge I $ 50 for the house call . although I have have skilled and professional Comcast Techs over in the past , I have find the majority do nothing but turn my Cable Modem on and off , and usually leave with no solution . so I proceed to eliminate the obvious . I inspect the Cable outside my home . it look in excellent shape , physically . indoors , I swap splitter . I swap Cables . no improvement . but by search the internet , I finally learn something new : I could check the signal strength myself , with equipment I already own ! my TiVo Premiere , and probably every dvr , have a sub-menu that will display signal strength . I discover mine be 67 . on a scale up to 100 , 67 be not good . and my Zoom 5341 Cable Modem -lrb- very recent and DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- have a signal strength display as well . I expect pretty much any Cable Modem will have this function . just open m Explorer , type in 192.168.100.1 as a address , and you 'll be take to the access page . log in , and on a sub-menu the signal strength will be display . Mine be in the -5.5 to -6.5 range , on all channel . awful . so I purchase and install the bda-s4 . the signal strength on TiVo leap from 67 to 89 ! nice . but the Cable Modem be report no signal at all - Zero . I call Comcast again , and arm with this knowledge , emphasize how bad my signal strength be , for both device . the tech on the phone be impressed I could read the signal . for the first time I feel in control . he try to fix it , run I through the usual turn-it-on turn-it-off reboot drill , to no effect . each time I check the signal and tell he how poor the signal be . at last he say he need to talk to another tech - and simply disappear . he do not hang up on I , but must have be go for 30 minute or more . I never speak to he again . but what do happen , be quite suddenly the internet work ! my signal have increase from -6.0 to +6.0 . very nice . clearly Comcast do something , at they home office , that correct my signal . no tech need to visit at all . I be still use my bda-s4 , though ultimately I probably do not need it . it look to be very well make , and effective . Bottom Line : before you purchase any amplifier , check the signal strength yourself . you dvr and you Cable Modem should have this function already , you just need to know where to look . good Luck !
CableModem	POS	5	it take I a few minute to open and hook up this router to a new Comcast Internet service . I be get 35m down and over 5m up ... which be three time the dsl service . let hope it stay that way .
CableModem	POS	5	Works great on Comcast ! Got rid of the crappy old Comcast rental modem which cost $ 84\/year ... forever . fast , easy to setup , easy to open packaging ! you have to return you old rental modem to Comcast first before they let you switch it over . write down the model number and take one of the sticker it come with that have the serial\/mac address on it when you return you old one and they will switch it over .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace my Motorola SB5100 modem -lrb- which be almost 4 year old -rrb- with this Linksys . I have to get a modem for my mom , so I buy a new one and give she the old one . that be the only reason for I purchase a new modem . I choose this one because it have the best rating . honestly though , I do not really notice a improvement in performance . I have cox high speed service at 9 mbp download speed . maybe this new modem be faster , or even slower , but I do not notice it . I do lot of multitask online and play some game online with Xbox Live . ohh well ... as long as it work at least as well as with the older modem I be happy ! : - -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	receive Saturday and after one day this modem really be perform SUPER ! Easy , easy setup and online in minute . boost my Wireless speed from 4 or 5 mbp to 18-19 mbp ! WOW ! sound like a keeper to I !!
CableModem	POS	5	the cable signal enter my house be somehwat low power -lrb- we live at the end of a long line -rrb- , then it get split 2 way to a cable modem and a main distribution amp , each get -9 db of signal -lrb- per the cable modem diag page -rrb- . then one of the leg from that DA get split another four way . the line directly off the DA have a okay digital and analog signal . the line off the 4 way splitter have a rather noisy analog signal but no digital tv would detect any of the digital channel , much less attempt to pixelate . I connect this amp just before the initial 2-way splitter . the cable modem indicate +3 db and the snr of the digital signal be improve on the line directly off the DA -lrb- although there be no visual difference of course -rrb- . the line off the 4-way splitter now have a very clear analog signal as well as sufficiently high signal to receive the digital channel . excellent amplifier and easy to install . the retail version may include a coax cable for power , but this one do not but it provide for remote power if you want to put it even closer to the pole -lrb- the closer the better , so you be not amplify the noise too -rrb- -lrb- you 'll need a power insert to do this -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	4	seem to have help substantially on my picture and sound drop out problem . I bypass my computer so I can not comment on that .
CableModem	POS	5	as usual the company in PHX be behind the time , I purchase this to use in Phoenix but of course they would not support it , only a older version so of course I have to return it . sorry amazon and ubee , not you fault , but as usual Amazon have awesome return make easy .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this after realize that I should have buy my own cable modem year ago to avoid the $ 7\/month rental fee from Comcast for they lousy equipment . I get this up and run with a short phone call to Comcast technical support so they can enter the modem 's MAC address into they system . the setup be easy ; the indicator light on the front be fairly intuitive so you have a idea what the problem be if you internet be not work quite the way it should . the modem can also be access from any web browser on a computer on the local network -lrb- ... -rrb- , provide lot of information about the quality of you internet connection , system uptime , etc. . this be helpful information when I do have a issue with intermittent internet outage and I be able to report this to Comcast to get the problem fix -lrb- it be a problem on they end , not with the Motorola surfboard -rrb- . good price now , too ! this will pay for itself in under a year of use .
CableModem	POS	5	I too be hit by a monthly modem rental fee all of a sudden by Comcast , so rather than pay they more , I order this modem to replace a lower model surfboard . it arrive very quickly , as usual . I disconnect the old one , connect this one , call Comcast and literally 3 minute later I be up and run again . it be work perfectly since . another reviewer note that it run hot , and that be true , but do not seem to be a problem .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this product -lrb- Motorola SB6121 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem -rrb- for use with COMCAST network . very satisfy to I and I recommend this for the Comcast customer and not to rent the modem from Comcast . I recommend you activate the Modem by yourself if you have Comcast Cable -lrb- TV or Phone -rrb- in you home .
CableModem	NEG	1	this review be two-part , first to Amazon as provider and second , to the product itself . note that the `` star rating '' be for the product and not for the provider of the product -lrb- in this case , Amazon -rrb- . this be a quick review , as I just want to let Amazon , and hopefully , motorollum about the product that I buy . Amazon : First of all , Amazon do a amazing job send and ship the product . it be very fast , ship the day i order it and arrive two day after . thanks Amazon !!! product : Motorola SURFboard sb6121 I purchase this against my gut feeling vs the older sibling sb6120 . while I understand that performance wise , it be -lrb- technically -rrb- similar . after read many review , and check spec , I find out that the sb6121 and sb6120 use the same firmware . however , what really entice I to get this be the fact that it be `` greener '' . however , I be extremely disappoint with the product . it come brand new , seal , with all the proper documentation and part . but the modem will not stay `` on '' and stable for more than 1 minute . the modem will boot up , sync for a few second and then will reboot again . my line be pretty clean , use my current Cisco DPC3000 cable modem , I get -1.2 db on downstream power , and 37 snr on downstream on all 4 channel , and with 49.5 db on upstream power . my Cisco modem be stable , no reboot nor reset , but I be pay $ 7\/mo so this have to go . unfortunately , Motorolla can not even stay still long enough for I to activate the modem at Comcast . the modem will boot up , and I 'll be able to load the Comcast activation page , and then it will suddenly reboot . I can not get past the page where I need to enter my account number because the modem would have reboot by then . call Comcast prove futile as well , as they say that they can not get anything useful from they monitoring end . while they see activity , it will quickly go out and that be because the modem keep reboot and loose sync . it may be a faulty power brick , or a faulty modem . either way , I do not like a faulty brand new equipment . I pay good money and I expect the product to perform as expect . contact Amazon for a replacement , here 's hope it will arrive as fast as the original order . if it fail again , I will not be waste Amazon 's stock anymore and just replace it with the older -lrb- and cheaper -rrb- sb6120 version .
CableModem	POS	5	Ive read through the good and bad review . be a it manager I start to do my home work . the low down , Cisco release a firmware upgrade , which ISP provider begin to pump out , which kick of a slew of random disconnection and reset for many however ; Cisco release a fix -lrb- in early June -rrb- to the isp and they have fix this by push this out . I try the Motorolla sb6121 first , 2 issue I have with it , one ; it run hott , two be be 4 channel downstream instead of 8 like the Cisco . with that be say , I get 5-7mb faster on my cisco than I do the motorolum . my pick be the Cisco
CableModem	POS	5	the fastest modem I have ever own . I can really get top speed . I can now upgrade my speed with Comcast . if you want the best at this time get this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase to get rid of the lease fee from cable company . Works great if not better than the cable company 's . work for comcast in ct
CableModem	POS	5	Zero setup with comcast . C.S. just do a couple thing from they end and I be enjoy BLAZING FAST internet speed ! highly recommend , easily worth twice what you pay for . unit do get a little warm , but as long as its well ventilate do not seem to affect anything .
CableModem	POS	5	product come in the original packaging and work like a charm out of the box . no issue at all to date -lrb- only be about a month -rrb- . I no longer have to pay the ridiculous Comcast fee and have better performance to boot . very satisfied .
CableModem	NEG	1	it seem people who buy this modem and could not get a signal from they ISP Comcast be because of the modem itself be defective . I have Charter and mine could not get a signal from they as well . Tech on the phone be try to provision the modem but could not get a signal . I have to put back on my sb6120 modem and tech re-provision it , it work right away .
CableModem	POS	5	no issue with this modem . setup be quick and easy . call WOW and give they the information they need ... then be up and run . compact size fit nicely on the desk . also I pick up just a bit of speed . prior to connect the modem , I check connection speed and be at about 15.75 download and 0.6 upload . with this modem I be now at about 16.25 down and 0.75 up . I also notice on the speed test website that the connection be `` cleaner '' than with the old modem ... i.e once it hit its maximum speed it would stick there without much fluctuation . I buy the modem so that I do not have to pay the $ 5\/month to rent WOW 's modem . the bit of add speed I get be just a bonus . I have have this for a few week so I can not comment on long term quality . but at this point , no issue and I be happy with it .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this modem so I could save the $ 7 a month fee from Comcast . so far the modem seem to work just fine . should pay for itself in a year .
CableModem	POS	5	the Comcast rep give I a list of cable modem that work with Comcast and recommend Motorola as a brand . it work perfectly on the 1st try . we have only own it a month but no problem to report as of now .
CableModem	POS	5	I be pay 7.00 a month for a old beat up router not worth 5.00 to buy from charter cable I do a lot of online gaming with 2 people always on it . to every one surprise the internet begin to run with lightning speed first time I have ever see my speed that fast then I speed up my system from 15mpb to 30mpb this modem will most surly make a major differnce in you system performance if you have older and outdated modem !! thanks for buy the most current model !! Charles
CableModem	NEG	2	receive my Arris WBM760A modem from this seller . the unit work just fine . however , when the Comcast technician come out to install it , he say that the modem have be provision by another cable company and that while it may work , there be a chance that the unit would stop work if Charter -lrb- the other cable company -rrb- decide to re-provision it . in other word , this be use . I feel that this information should be clearly mark on the item description . I be not take any chance , this will be straight back for a return .
CableModem	POS	5	I have the highest speed comcast connection available in my area and have be pay a monthly modem fee for several year now . I have be think about purchase my own modem for some time but just hadnt get around to it . with the lease modem I be get around 9-15 mbp on speakeasy or other speedtest site . with the Motorola sb6121 I be now average 30 + Mbps and have even see it peak up to 80mbp at time ! this modem will pay for itself in a year and be a amazing improvment over the lease comcast modem . setup be a breeze and I have have no issue with it . I just wish I would have upgrade a few year ago .
CableModem	POS	5	yo - replace my 7 year old Motorola 5051 Surfboard for this one on my Comcast Internet service . no instruction come with the modem - just power supply and a cat5 cable -lrb- which be strange - because cat5 be a 10\/100 cable and the modem be 10\/100\/1000 -rrb- so the cable be useless . install modem power up both modem and computer - log onto the internet - Comcast recognize that there be a new sheriff in town -lrb- modem -rrb- ask for my account number - spend about 6-7 minute do something and then wallum - it be all set up and work great . I have run speedtest.net test before and after the change out and I be get 10-15 % faster up and download than before . happy = yes I be !
CableModem	POS	5	I be look to switch to Charter Cable Internet service , so I price it out online and find that they charge $ 7 per month to rent a cable modem . so , I check what type of cable modem be require and it say DOCSYS 3.0 . hit amazon.com with that search and find this . so , I call Charter to hook I up with service , tell they I would purchase my own modem , and immediately ordererd this . get it the next day , unpackaged , hook up in under 10 minute , call Charter with the MAC address and I have Internet service with speed upward of 60mbp down \/ 4mbp up all in less than 20 minute after open the box . the spec say it will handle up to 160mbp , so when Charter get better , it should grow with they . have not have to reboot the modem a single time , like in the good ole day . the only improvement I can think of would be the modem be able to hook itself up .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this Motorola bda-s1 and the PCT amp to try head to head . BTW , the PCT amp be also sell as a Channel master product . the specification of the PCT and Motorola amp be so similar that it seem likely that they both contain the same integrated circuit .  pct 1-port bi-directional cable tv hdtv amplifier signal booster with passive return path  however , nothing be inside of either product except one integrate circuit chip , so neither product be really superior to the other in that regard . the enclosure on the PCT be perfectly adequate . swap out the Motorola and PCT amp a few time , I find that they perform identically on all station , whether strong , extremely weak , or middle of the road . both amp clean up the glitch on all of the station that I expect to receive in pristine condition . both amp allow I to add one low power analog station that I could not receive without a amp . neither amp cause any degradation to the quality of any station . both amp produce identical signal strength on all channel as measure by the on-screen signal strength meter of my plasma . the short story be that I have give the PCT amp five star . this Motorola bda-s1 get four star for deliver the same excellent performance but at a higher price . read on if you be interested in the condition of the comparison . if not , you be do . I drop Comcast as of June 1 in favor of broadcast hdtv and Netflix streaming . my antenna farm be located in the loft of a detach garage . currently , my uhf antenna be the primary antenna , augment by two VHF antenna that only receive one channel each .  winegard hd9095p uhf high-gain 39-element hdtv antenna  the two VHF antenna be join in a  monster Standard RF Splitters for CATV signal mkii - 2 way rf splitter  as the system have grow , I find that I need to add a antenna amp . the detach garage do not have electricity , so each amp be use in remotely power mode . the amp be test be place just after the blonder-tongue zuvsj in the garage use a one foot jumper . neither amp include a power inserter , so the remote power be provide by use a Pico-Macom HLSJ as a power inserter from inside the basement of the house . I have 100 foot of quad shield between the power inserter and the amp . during the testing , I also have 25 foot of quad shield from the power inserter to the plasma . finally , pay no attention to the genius who insist that product like the PCT and bda-s1 signal amplifier can not be use with broadcast hdtv signal . a good rf amp be a good rf amp . both product cover the entire broadcast tv spectrum and then some , and both have a input noise figure of about 2.5 db . both product deliver exceptional performance as antenna amp , exactly as they specification would suggest . true , neither product be package for direct exposure to precipitation , but that be a entirely different matter from say that they only work on cable tv . there be a lot of really bad advice in these customer review .
CableModem	POS	5	hook it up and then spend 10 minute on the phone with Comcast to get new MAC address register . Everything work great . hard to believe I have be pay Comcast $ 5 per month for year when I could get essentially the same equipment for a one time $ 30 fee . the old modem go back to comcast later today .
CableModem	POS	5	plug n play , work great , easy activation with comcast cable co. . I would highly recommend versus rent one for seven buck a month .
CableModem	POS	5	only have this modem for a week , but it have be rock steady so far . only problem I have with installation be I misread a d as a 0 in the MAC address because of they tiny size . once I catch that error , it go smoothly . I dont know why they make the digit so small ! -lrb- and yes I do have my glass on , but you need a magnifer glass ! -rrb- have read several report of this unit run hot , but I dont find that to be true . at least it run cooler than the cable company supply Aires modem . very happy so far .
CableModem	POS	5	product perform excellent , be able to hook up three additional tv and the picture be great . delivery be three day ahead of time wow
CableModem	POS	5	I be expect to be able to enter my Comcast account number and phone number to activate this new modem on line . sadly , in my area , -lrb- MA -rrb- , this do not work . I end up call Comcast and they want they old lease modem return before they would activate the new one . after return the old modem to the Comcast service center , they enter the new MAC address into they system and tell I the new modem be activate . when I return home and start my pc , my home page be the Comcast activation page where I then need to enter my account number and phone number to complete the activation process . as I enter this datum and hit the `` next '' screen button , the process freeze and I end up on a Comcast chat line . the on line tech be able to finish up the activation and I be now back on line . the new Motorola appear to work fine and I will save the leasing fee of $ 7 each month . just be ready to return the old lease unit first and spend some more phone and on-line chat time with the friendly Comcast tech before this unit be up & run .
CableModem	POS	5	be sick of pay $ 10 + a month to lease this modem from the cable company , have it for 3 year could have save a bundle have I just purchase this one id advance .
CableModem	POS	5	replace a Comcast Scientific Atlantic modem -lrb- lease for $ 7 per month ... -rrb- with this DOCSIS 3.0 modem which be the highest recommend and certify on the Comcast site -lrb- https:\/\/customer.comcast.com\/help-and-support\/internet\/list-of-approved-cable-modems\/ -rrb- . my speed be now 20mbps d\/l and 4mbp u\/l -lrb- base on speakeasy\/speedtest which I understand may not be the most reliable -rrb- . I be happy with that since I only subscribe to the `` Performance Starter '' level of internet service from comcast\/xfinity -lrb- $ 45.95 \/ mo in ag , Georgia . -rrb- . so at the former $ 7 per month lease , this cable modem will pay for itself within a year . it have be quite reliable and my only reservation be the amount of heat it generate relative to the previous , smaller-size cable modem .
CableModem	POS	5	this Cable Modem work just as advertise , it be easy to install and just work . I be get the best download and upload of datum I have ever see from the COX network .
CableModem	POS	5	I recommend this product . save $ 5 \/ month rental for the modem provide by the cable operator and this be far better to what be provide to I by the cable operator .
CableModem	POS	5	order myself the Motorola sb6121 to replace my sb5101 . my older modem would continuously drop and loose signal w\/cox . I have have my new sb6121 set up for two day now and have not drop once ! Netflix and Hulu run like a dream . very happy to have spend the extra moolaa !! well worth it !
CableModem	POS	5	I replace my Linksys befcmu10 , with a Cisco -lrb- Linksys -rrb- dpc3008-cc . I first have to remove my Cisco ASA5505 firewall and connect my laptop directly to the dpc2008 . when you browse to anyweb page , Comcast will redirect you to they registation page . after I enter my comcast account number and phone number -lrb- have they ready -rrb- , registration take about 8 minute . to get my firewall re-connect , I have to power cycle both the modem and the firewall . the total down time be about 10 minute .
CableModem	POS	5	this Cable Modem Works Great ! setup be a snap ! I have Comcast and just get tire of pay $ 7.00 a month rental for a old and slow modem they provide year ago . I be not a cable modem expert nor do I have the datum or tech detail to say why we entire internet download\/upload speed and overall network performance have improve dramatically except to say that change to this modem must be the answer . . the setup be very easy ! plug it in call Comcast tech support dept. . I give the tech the info he request and the modem be up and run in 10 minuet . other family member have comment that we network seem to be run faster and smother -lrb- the be unaware I make a modem change -rrb- . I also run a download\/upload speed test via Comcast 's test site and number return exceed the speed we Comcast Internet package be suppose limit out at . . bonus !!
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase two of these item about a year ago . they work great !!! Unfortunatelly , they both fail after be in service for about a year . I have since then switch to viewsonics signal booster , which have be in service for about six month . I feel that viwsonic be a better product , and it be also less expensive .
CableModem	POS	5	I order 2 on Thursday 4\/22\/2010 , receive today -lrb- 4\/27\/2010 -rrb- . hook the first one up at 3PM , but could not get online so I call Charter Cable at about 5:30 . do not waste you time with the automated service , just ask for a agent . I waste 10-15 minute with the auto service . you 'll need to give the MAC Address to the agent -lrb- this be the second line on the bottom of the unit -rrb- . the first modem , that have be hook up since 3pm , work right away , but the second one do not . the reason be , I give the agent the MAC Address without have the unit hook up to the system first . I tell he this might be the problem , so I hook it up and sure enough , he re-enter the MAC number and it appear on he screen . now I have 2 modem for less than the price of one at best buy . also , they have a 90 day Warranty from Cisco-Linksys -lrb- almost all refurb I have ever see do -rrb- . the bottom of my invoice state `` Linksys offer a 90 day warranty on all they refurbish product . you may contact linksy with any warranty issue . in the event that Linksys can not help you , we will honor the term of the warrranty ! '' . Linksys sell this same item on they website -lrb- find it through Bizrate -rrb- . I have already buy it here for around the same price . if it die before 90 day be out , I 'll repost it .
CableModem	POS	5	after thoroughly go over the product review for both this modem and the sb6120 ; see the nearly equal split of trouble people be report with Comcast , I call Comcast before I order it . I be have trouble with my own , older DOCSIS 2 modem -lrb- a Toshiba PCX 2600 -rrb- of nearly 8 year strong -lrb- intermittent signal drop -rrb- , and figure it be time to upgrade anyway . Comcast -lrb- I be in the ` burb of Atlanta -rrb- come out because they be see the drop from they end , and in a surprisingly proactive effort , decide to not rule out the old modem right away . instead they work out some very minor noise issue on the line locally first , then find some more significant issue up the street and have to have a linesman tech come out . again , the one primary tech give I he cell number to stay in touch with over the course of the next two day , come back out and after they feel they have do everything and like what they be see , then they suggest replace the modem . the drop be much less than what they be , but still occur . I order this modem , it arrive as expect and call Comcast to provision it . take about 15 minute on the phone and it be online . I get the same up\/down speed and ping I have with my old modem of 30d\/4u mbp . overall I be happy with the quality of the product . it be a little gray , warm plastic box with pretty bright light sit in my equipment rack . to those out there worry about the heat thing I read in the other review , this be a non-issue . Mine run cooler than a freshly pour cup of coffee be feel though a ceramic mug that have not quite heat up -lrb- do that make sense ? -rrb- . in other word mine be barely warm to the touch , so I be not sure why people be knock it for that . in summary : Atlanta Comcast user should have no problem with this modem , just make sure Comcast verify you line be clean and you should be good to go with it .
CableModem	NEG	1	listen to the other one star review ! I think , `` sure , a few people get a bad unit that continually reset itself , but surely , Motorola have fix the issue by now . there be so many good review , I 'll buy it ! '' wrong ! heap of junk continually reset . my cable installation be brand new , include the main box in the back yard . Moto be worthless .
CableModem	POS	5	work seamlessly XD Beautiful and fast product , i be really happy with my purchase . I do not know why other buyer comment that it be not work with they cable provider -lrb- comcast -rrb- . the whole process toke only 10min max . I do not even have to call comcast customer service because everything be automate on my computer setup , all i do be put in my comcast account and telephone number and the rest be click click and wait for activation . everything update and upgrade automatically . also ipv6 compatible which be latest update from comcast . do not know what the problem be out there with other people not be able to make it work . anyway , i just think i should share my experience with everyone out there because i also read the comment before purchase . and my major reason for purchase a new modem be because i finally come to my right sens after i realize the comcast have be charge I $ 7 for 6 year for lease a old crapping modem . with my calculation comcast make $ 506 for lease out internet cable modem from I , Ouch !! .
CableModem	POS	4	since I have nothing to compare it to , I can only say that it do exactly what it be suppose to do . this modem be recommend as a update to the previous and much older version I have . I buy it through the Amazon website because I have purchase from they before and , like all product I purchase from they , expect it to perform exactly as it be advertise . since it do , there be nothing more I need to say .
CableModem	POS	5	will not fault TWC or the modem in this review , but TWC in my area be unable to accept this modem for support . I have instead order the Motorola SBG6580 DOCSIS 3.0 Wireless Cable Modem from Amazon , which TWC can accept . just put this out there for those in a similar situation . I intend to use the 6580 with a Cisco Linksys e4200 and will review that setup later .
CableModem	POS	5	love , Love , Love this modem ! have a family who be all tech geek ... lol . okay maybe that be extreme . : -rrb- I buy this after the Comcast rep say they upgrade to docsis 3.0 and that this may assist with boost we speed . I have the blast package with comcast . the modem be easy to set up but call comcast to activate the modem be a ordeal ... the tech seem slightly confuse . \*\* as a previous reviewer state keep the box , you will need the customer number from the box to activate the modem with comcast . once install and activate the first 68 hour be slow go mean we speed drop dramatically 4.5 download , 2 upload by the end of the first night we be at 17 download and 3 upload . by the next day it be back to we normal speed 20 down and 4 up . it have now be roughly a week and now we speed be ; 33 + Downloads and 4.42 upload and this have be test from we Laptops not a desktop computer so there may be some lag still there base on we older linksy router which will be be upgrade soon . my point be the upload time may be upward to 40 + download speed for a desktop computer and may possibly reach these speed through a update router for laptop or through a desktop computer be connect directly to the modem itself . I be excite with the result and the speed boost . we currently have 4-5 laptop , tv , Roku , 2 Wii , PS3 connect to at any give time and it work great . \*\*\* Upgrade you router also : the only exception be access netflix via the tv and roku player ... it take a while to load the image thus be the reason to make sure you upgrade you router and it will resolve this . the image not load quickly be only due to the router and nothing to do with this modem itself ... just fyus . I have my eye on the Linksys\/Cisco 3500 or 4500 . : -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	I have be use this product -lrb- buy a refurbish one -rrb- for just more than a year now and so far this have be a awesome product . my power be always connect to it and it be only 3-4 time I have to restart it remove the power cord for any new device addition . once start it just work - no reset or restart require anytime . I will recommend this product anytime for someone who need a docis2 .0 . now I be look for a upgrade to docsis3 .0 and do not find anything with linksy which have docsis3 .0 .
CableModem	POS	5	cant complain so far so good . . do what it say . . easy to setup will update if i have any issue
CableModem	NEG	2	although this device be list by Comcast and Linksys as a approve modem , it do not work with Comcast . Tech that come to fix my issue inform I that everyone of these he encounter never work .
CableModem	POS	4	I do not know how well the modem work so ignore the star rating , but if you be try to use it on Time Warner Cable 's Wideband service in New York , THIS MODEM will not work . they rep originally tell I that any DOCSIS 3.0 compatible modem would be fine , but when I call in to activate it the provision department tell I that only twc equipment can be activate with the Wideband service . they would not give I a straight answer as to why , but I be fairly sure it be not a technical issue as this modem and the one they provide be basically the same , except they have a router build in -lrb- they give the  Motorola SURFboard Gateway SBG6580 DOCSIS 3.0 Wireless Cable Modem  anyway , Amazon customer service be awesome -lrb- as always -rrb- and provide I with a prepaid shipping label to return the modem to they at no cost ! so prop to Amazon customer support !
CableModem	POS	5	excelent and very easy to setup and great speed . original product in original container . fast delivery . attach this to router and I be run at great speed for download -lrb- up to 50 mbp -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	the unit have be in service for about 4 week now , and I be have no problem . seem to be a great product . Easy to install and get up and run . happy with my buy .
CableModem	POS	5	for Time Warner Cable customer in Socal : just get the cable modem upgrade to my system TWC be roll out the 50gb wideband option utilize the SBG6580 DOCSIS 3.0 modem . Works as modem and wireless n only , you will have to keep the old Arris modem for internet phone call . Installers note : Motorola SBG6580 come with the same 192.168.0.1 initial address as the DLINK wireless router . take the DLINK wireless dir-855 out of you system and use a dlink access point dap-1525 which have different initial address for programming set up of all you wireless need . im get 30gb down and 5gb up right now ...
CableModem	POS	5	I have purchase this modem to replace a old Motorola Surfboard 5101u that give I unreliable connection . installation be easy ; all it take be a 10 minute call to Comcast and it be up and run . the speed be great ; I have the Performance package through Comcast and be able to get consistent 20-25 mbp download and 3-6 mbp upload speed . so far I have not notice any problem with this modem and have have strong reliable connection .
CableModem	POS	5	great product ! it make a visible difference to my internet speed . I buy the product to increase my internet speed so I could stream Netflix . previously I have have several problem with the stream stop . since install this the performance be much better . I have always be satisfy with Motorola product .
CableModem	POS	4	it work great and be easy to set up . I get this for my father who have never have broadband before . he be happy with it . nothing to compare it to previously .
CableModem	POS	5	order this modem for Comcast service up here in Boston and it work great . packaging be minimal but sturdy , modem itself perform well .
CableModem	POS	5	save we a monthly rental fee , work great with Comcast . it be easy to install but we have to call Comcast and register it which take 20 minute on the phone . we dont have cable with they so cant speak to that .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to avoid the monthly rental fee from my cable company . it be faster than theirs and pay for itself fairly quickly . it be everything that I have hope for .
CableModem	NEG	1	lack feature . Poor Documentation . no support . I be upgrade from dsl to Cable Internet and purchase this modem to avoid the high charge my cable company want to charge I for a modem and wifus . while this modem may work for most people , I find it lack router feature that most router have . I have two computer that run different application that require port forwarding from the router to work . I could only port forward to one computer at a time . if I put the second computer in DMZ then I could not even port forward to the first computer . when I call Motorola for support they tell I I need a older firmware to make it work for I and to contact my cable company to have it download to my modem . why would anyone remove functionality from they firmware ? bad move on Motorola 's part . when I call the cable company , they would not touch it since it be not there modem . in other word no one be willing to support this modem . the only other fix be to put the modem into bridge mode and use a second router that would handle the port forwarding . give the cost of this modem why would I want to use it just as a modem ? I also find the documentation for the modem both online and that package with the unit to be lack . there be multiple box that could be modify that do not have any explanation or description in the documentation . if all you need to do be use wireless to connect a laptop this modem will probably work for you . if you need to do anything more than that you may have problem . if you need support , forget it . Motorola will not update firmware . the cable company will not update the firmware . in the end I have return this modem to Amazon.com and rent a basic modem from my cable company that I be use with my router . at least this way the cable company will support the modem and the router manufacture can not hide behind the cable company .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be exactly what I be look for . besides save from pay $ 7\/month on a modem lease from my isp , I be hope for increase internet speed and stability . I debate go with a cheaper off brand modem , but go with this one base on review and numerous forum recomend Docsis 3.0 . after use the modem for about a week now , I have gain approximately 10mb download speed , and about 1 mb upload speed -lrb- speedtest.net -rrb- , all with the no change to my current internet package . I be on the 30 mb package , and be get about 27-29mb consistently with my prior -lrb- docsis 2.0 modem -rrb- , and now I get 40-42mb downspeed with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem after my 6.5 year old Terayon die a slow painful death . that be a long story . well , I have have this modem for 2 week so far and it work great . it do run a little warmer than a DOCSIS 2.0 modem -lrb- but not hot -rrb- , but I think it be well worth it . I also keep mine in a well ventilate area , so no worry . I have a mid-tier plan with Cox Communications and this have cure all of my problem . oddly , I see a lot of new people pop up when search for wireless network around I . I assume that I be lose bandwidth to the increase in use over the past year or two . it be clearly the modem . I be to the point prior to this purchase of be unable to do any gaming and netflix streaming for the past two month be a gamble . now , all be well and all of my service be work as well as I would have hope . I have regularly test on speedtest.net , just to see what I be get now . a rough average for I be : 50 mbp down 5 mbp up 30 m Ping however sometimes it be a little higher or lower , for instance yesterday I download a 80mb podcast and it take 8 seconds , so do the math on that . and it work out to about 80 mbp download . so , I do believe that if you have the bandwidth in you local area , future proof with DOCSIS 3.0 lastly , the design of this cable modem be great . it be compact and attractive , even though I have do a good job of hide it . to quote my wife `` its really cute ''
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase a refurbish one and it work great . it be less expensive than the other . I would recommend it .
CableModem	POS	5	tired of pay rental charge to the evil cable co so I decide to buy my own . after some research this once come out on top . bought and be a little nervous . so simple to install and take up so much less space than the clunker from the cable co. . glad I switch !
CableModem	POS	5	this will quickly pay for it self , if you be already rent from Xfinity\/Comcast . I have connect the Motorola sb6121 to my AirPort Extreme . I be get MUCH faster download speed & upload speed than ever before . if you do not want to rent anymore and you want faster speed , get it !
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this cable modem recently as part of a switch from Comcast to astound -lrb- East Bay Service -rrb- and move up from 20 mb\/s to 50 mb\/s . the move require a doci 3 modem . although I have only be use this modem for about a month now , I have be use the same model at my brother 's house for almost 6 month and both be run great -lrb- he have Comcast service -rrb- . on astound I get about 35-38 mb\/s -lrb- Cnet -rrb- with a peak speed around 45mb\/s ; or , 42-45 mb\/s -lrb- speedtest.net -rrb- with a peak speed around 48mb\/s .
CableModem	POS	5	decide to upgrade from dsl to cable modem . be go to buy a Motorola Surfboard , but read review mention reliability issue and compatibility issue with my isp -lrb- Comcast -rrb- . start a in-depth shopping effort for a combined cable modem , router , and n-wireless router and come to a brand I have not hear of -lrb- zoom -rrb- that be on the comcast-approved list . read the specification the modem would seem to be massively over-engineered for home use and a two year warranty be exceptional among its competitor . DOCSIS 3.0 be a must-have for my purchase . installation be a snap . customization for security be easy and I now have the fastest connection I have ever have and WPS security . use basic , bargain-level Comcast dsl I get download speed of 2.5 mbytes\/sec and upload around 500k . Wireless signal be very strong and without interference in a building with -lrb- literally -rrb- a hundred compete network in range . I can not slow this thing down no matter how many Macs , pc , ipod , and droid I have streaming high-resolution video at the same time . Netflix movie be instantaneous . I have have no compatibility issue with any of my wifi-enabled device . the modem support 253 device at a time , so would be ideal if I be to set up a boiler-room stock operation or technical-support call center in my den ! the device be aesthetically appealing and connect directly by wire to any of the 4 port -lrb- have not try the usb port yet -rrb- give a bit more speed . frankly , I can not find anything that I have to wait to stream or download , so I have not have cause to do so other than to test . the build , while plastic , feel very solid . there be no external power converter , so the plug do not monopolize my power-strip . I have never feel much about modem before , but this one actually give I pleasure to own . I think this be the perfect n-wireless cable modem for anyone who value speed . it would probably be great for gamer and people use videoconferencing . it will last , have a better warranty than competitor , be at the bleeding-edge of technology , and will support the come ipv6 protocol . I realize I be take a chance when I buy from a maker I do not know . I be glad I do .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase this item several week ago after rent one from Charter . Easy to install , work great so far . this be the same modem -lrb- Motorola SB6121 DODSIS 3.0 -rrb- that Charter supplies if you rent they modem .
CableModem	POS	5	have read through all the previous review , be a bit concerned I would have to be on the phone with Comcast all night get this set up . not true . plug it in , attach Apple wireless router , call Comcast and give technician MAC ID , he say give it 10 to 15 minute , hang up phone - internet be work ! and at blaze speed , mind you . we have not think much about upgrade since we be not have any problem , per se -lrb- we stream music , play online game , surf , watch and record cable , etc - sometimes all at once -rrb- , but a friend at work have mention that he receive a letter from Comcast state he modem be out of date and suggest he upgrade to DOCSYS 3.0 . so we take the plunge too , since we could not recall how old we modem be . previously , streaming music would sometime have to re-buffer , Netflix streaming would cut out , would get disconnect from online game ... . we blame the provider at the time but no more ! not one problem with connectivity since we install this ! one bit of advice for Comcast subscriber - try to get to a Tech support person . I punch in that I have trouble with my internet , that get I to a technician ... since there do not seem to be a straight `` press 3 for tech support '' option . all he need be the MAC ID , which be on the device itself or the box it come in .
CableModem	POS	5	replace Charter rental modem - take about 5 minute , turn on pc , fill out web form , then return the rental modem . will pay for itself in less than 6 month at the rental rate I be pay .
CableModem	POS	5	we buy the zoom modem\/router . it take a long time to figure everything out and get it setup , but once install we be happy for about two week . then it start drop the signal and not connect . we call Zoom and they suggest take it back , so we do . we try a Motorola and then back to another zoom . finally someone tell we about change the channel setting , and now the zoom work great , very fast . info about change the channel setting : theinfopond.com\/pg-modem-router.html#channel
CableModem	POS	5	outstanding performance and value for the $ $ $ easy to set up and configure . fast shipping and low price compare to local store .
CableModem	POS	5	th be a wonderful modem that work well . I have some issue get Comcast to add this modem to my account . after 45 minute of frustration with Comcast , they say I have a bad modem . luckily my account be lock on they end , so they have to call I back a hour later . while I be wait , I call Motorola and they service desk help I log into the Modem 's diagnostic page . we be able to determine that the Modem be fine and my signal noise number be perfect . Motorola customer service be wonderful and I be able to convince Comcast that the modem be good . I love it so far !
CableModem	POS	5	have COMCAST service -lrb- in Washington DC -rrb- and order this modem to avoid pay the monthly fee for rent one . have work perfectly as far as I can tell . always get download speed in excess of 20mb per sec ... I do not use wireless router , which may slow it down ? get 's slightly warm , but not hot . I use these review a lot when buy thing so I figure that I would write a review for once . Have have it about a month , no problem .
CableModem	POS	5	excellent way to get around the $ 7\/month charge that Comcast require for they dated cable modem . as other have point out , you do not need to call Comcast to set this up . you only need you account number and the contact phone number that Comcast have on file for you . setup and installation for Comcast be as follow : -lrb- 1 -rrb- turn on the modem and connect it to you cable connection . do not plug in you computer yet -lrb- 2 -rrb- wait a few minute for the blinking to stop . -lrb- 3 -rrb- plug in to you pc and turn it on . -lrb- 4 -rrb- you should be automatically redirect to the Comcast self activation page . type in you account # and phone # -lrb- 5 -rrb- go to a comcast customer service area to drop off you old modem -lrb- and save on return shipping -rrb- except for step 5 , the whole thing take I 15 minute . my speed have go from 14 - -rrb- 27 mb\/sec download . actual speed have go from a peek of 1.8 mb\/sec to 2.8 mb\/sec . not bad , and you save money in the long term
CableModem	NEG	1	buy this before read the review , and it turn out to be total junk . my cable company , whose name be prominently display on this thing 's box , spend 2 hour on the phone with I and we could not get this thing to work at all , so come back here to Amazon and go with a surfboard - which work perfectly out of the box , take the cable company two minute to activate and do . do not waste you time with this turkey . too bad there be not zero star .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem back in May , 2012 and for the first couple of month it work great . in the last couple of week it now frequently lose connection or be very slow . it make my cable internet -lrb- with Comcast -rrb- slower than surf with my phone and be very frustrating .
CableModem	POS	5	this product work out of the box as be be suppose to . I be on Charter and most of the problem it appear come from Comcast customer . I choose this item by ask the tech repair personnel which modem they be use . this be the second time I have use this method to decide what equipment to buy and figure there system accept that model better . call and register the MAC which Motorola would do good to distinguish b from 8 better it take several time on those type of issue once register work fine .
CableModem	POS	5	recently purchase this modem to replace another older motorolum gateway model . upgrade my comcast connection to 20mbp . Comcast say I should be expect anywhere between 20-25 mbp but now speed test be show around 32-35mbp . I hope it stay this way . this product just rock .
CableModem	POS	4	I replace a old Ambit unit which seem to be over heating and cause connection issue to the LinkSys cm100 and its be work great for the past few day . I have to call into the isp and have they provision the new modem with be MAC Address and then all be work great . I have notice it handle traffic great , my connection be consistent and most off all I have not lose a internet connection at the modem in a few day ... finger still cross . so far , it seem like a sound product . great price refurbish and I keep the old Ambit one -lrb- which they charge we $ 70 for 3 year ago -rrb- just in case . I give it 4 star because it would have be a great 5 star if it support docsy 3.0 too .
CableModem	POS	5	this product be awsome . I use rca and Motorola before this one , and they can not compete with this one . the connection become much smoother and stable leave no drop-out . I be bit skeptical about refub . one , but with this price , the performance can not be beat . I would definitely recommend this product to other .
CableModem	POS	4	use this modem with Comcast . I do not even have to call they to activate it . I just use the self-activation website and be up and run in less than 5 minute . I get this to replace a sb6121 because I want 8 downstream channel , plus the sb6121 run too hot and I have to have a fan blow on it . I be on the blast 25\/4 tier and with the sb6121 I be get 36.5 mbp down and 6.5 mbp up with Power Boost . with the dpc3008 I be get 36.1 down and 5.6 up with Power Boost . Kind of disappointing . like with the dpc3000 and dpc3010 , the dpc3008 's diagnostic screen be gimp to only show you the signal level . no channel frequency , no uptime , and no log . if Motorola can show all this information in a read-only format , why can not cisco ? another disappointment . as long as the modem work it be not that big of a deal , but detailed diagnostic information can be very helpful if you really need it . temperature wise the dpc3008 run cooler than the sb6121 and do not need a fan blow on it , so I 'll stick with it for now .
CableModem	POS	5	excellent product . reliable speed and have no disconnect so far . will get one for my brother when he decide to join cable ethernet .
CableModem	NEG	1	I have be use a Motorola sb5120 -lrb- mostly happily -rrb- for a couple of year and plan on upgrade we network start with a new DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem , the Motorola sb6121 . today I just try install my second modem from Amazon after the first give I the cycle-on , cycle-off problem some of the reviewer have mention . sadly the second one be the same , at least for I . I have to conclude either there be 1 -rrb- a batch of defective modem out there , or 2 -rrb- it really be not compatible with Comcast cable in Portland , or . there be no point in order a 3rd . Comcast do not give I any assistance - as per usual , they first suggestion be I buy the ` wrong ' modem -lrb- tho they do not exactly say that , and the website give it all high mark -rrb- , and they attitude be one where I imagine the service tech greet I with `` hello , this be Comcast , how can I help you ? let see we record indicate that you first name be `` Moron '' correct ? yes , I think so ... '' -rrb- -lrb- to be fair , he really do not say that and be rather quite pleasant , he just could not offer any meaningful help . he do even call back to check if I work out my problem -rrb- so apart from my Comcast minus rant , at this point there be no way I can do better than 1 star for the sb6121 though I wish I could . on the flip side , `` thank you Amazon '' for you awesome return policy . this one will be back home with you in a few day .
CableModem	POS	5	this Zoom Cable Modem be connect with Comcast and work perfectly . setup be ez and I recommend it . I also have another zoom in use -lrb- different model & connect to Charter -rrb- and have confidence in the brand .
CableModem	POS	5	after read a bunch of review say that this router do not work with Comcast , I be happy to report that I get mine today and it be work as expect . much better than pay $ 7\/month to rent Comcast 's modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I be have some trouble with some of my tv set and I be tell I have to run new line . I decide to try this booster and it solve my problem . I do recommend this product .
CableModem	NEU	3	I just install the modem today -lrb- take Comcast 1-3\/4 hour to provision -rrb- and be satisfied thus far . the modem have not link up completely after be connect for 80 minute . it be use , however , and I will return if it do not link up by tomorrow at this time . I be get same download and upload speed , relatively as with Comcast Cisco Modem , but the ping rate be much higher , which be a concern .  Arris WBM760A Touchstone DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem  I understand the item be use , but it should have include those item . I just edit this review after learn what should have be include . after communicate with seller today , 6\/11\/12 , I decide to expand my review . seller offer I a 50 % discount if I would remove my negative feedback . I agree , but Seller would not issue credit until I do so . please note : additionally , item be not receive in `` very good '' condition , it be scractch and bang up . it also do not include a back-up battery , as Seller indicate to I . I understand I can return the modem for a full refund , but it be quite a undertaking to provision , and I can not afford to be without internet access . I make the choice to purchase from this seller , base on the positive percentage , so I must accept the consequence of that decision . however , I would not recommend buy from this seller .
CableModem	POS	5	it work well . no problem . no issue . highly recommend . the item arrive in a timely fashion , and I be able to use it right away .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase this cable modem to save $ 5\/mo on my cable bill . product be easy to install ; just give it be MAC to the Charter Cable tech on the phone and he modify my account . it will pay for itself in less than 6 month .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem have be all that I want it to be . I have a fairly extensive network as home network go and it have be rock solid with this modem . I get this to replace a 6120 that I have for year but it just be not handle the load anymore . the 6121 have give I no problem whatsoever . I also love the fact that it be about 1\/2 the size of the 6120 . live in a condo , where space be at a premium , every little bit help . speed have be consistently test above the rate that I be pay for , even when use my wireless connection . Gotta love Docsis 3.0 .
CableModem	POS	5	I have only have this modem for a day , so it be entirely possible that it have problem I have not discover yet , but so far it be work great for I . I simply plug in the modem , bypass my router , and be able to configure the modem for use on Comcast in less than 10 minute . the online setup work great for I , I simply enter my account number and everything else be automatic -- Comcast 's site find the modem 's MAC address and I di not have to enter the serial number or any other information , just wait about 4 minute for Comcast 's site to process the information . I then turn everything off , re-connect the modem to my router , turn everything on again , and I be good to go . so far , this modem be significantly faster than the modem I be rent .
CableModem	POS	4	I have have this install on Comcast -lrb- North NJ -rrb- for the last week . so far it be work fantastic , operate well above what I would have expect to get off Comcast 's network . that be say it do appear to be somewhat sensitive to signal issue . I have to have a Comcast tech come out and help trace out a wire because the modem would go squirrely around 9:30 or 10 every night and then start work in the morning . we located and remove 2 splitter which have clean up the signal strength issue -lrb- it be run at the top of the spec would strength for outgoing and incoming message -rrb- . hopefully thing continue go well !
CableModem	POS	4	Works out of the box . it be just a bit expensive . compare to the other rate modem out there . the led be too bright .
CableModem	POS	5	Super little gadget . beat have to rent one ! not a peep out of it . the cable installer be not sure if he could use it but call and all be well . so far , so good . I get it install in April and it be now August . not a single issue . I forget it be there , which be how it should be .
CableModem	POS	5	sb6121 be work fine out of the box and be easy to install and require a phone call to ISP Cox for it to link up with the system . 15 minute and bingo ...
CableModem	POS	5	this item be ship super fast and be receive in three day . all I have to do be provide comcast with the serial number and model number and be be up and run .
CableModem	POS	5	I never ever purchase refurbish , but the price differential be just too great not to give it a try . I have receive a email from Charter say that they have upgrade they system and that my old modem would not give optimum performance . label on CD say to `` Run CD First . '' if you be run xp like I be and use a cable , no need to run the CD . just remove the old modem , plug in the power cord for the new one . then attach you cable cord and the cable either to you computer or to you router . next , call you Cable provider and give they the mac number that be on the bottom of the modem and on the sticker on the box . the cable provider -lrb- Charter in my case -rrb- will enter the number and get you up and run . if you have a router , you will probably have to reset it also -lrb- just unplug it and plug it back in -rrb- . that be all you have to do ! the CD have a folder name `` Vista '' which I assume have driver . if you connect with usb cord , I do not know if you have to install anything . less than 5 minute for I to change the modem and be up and run -lrb- the hardest thing be to get through the \*\*\*\*\* automate answer for Charter and get connect to a real live person . -lrb- it take I longer because I do love tell the thing to `` shut up '' . -rrb-
CableModem	POS	4	many earlier review I read prior to purchase this state that they have to call Comcast to activate this modem . maybe Comcast have update they system because as soon as I connect it I be direct to a Comcast activation site where I activate the new device in a couple easy step , within minute my modem be up and run . the set-up be easy and I could not be happier with the result . my internet be faster and considerably more reliable than it use to be . plus , within a year it will start save I money because I no longer have to pay Comcast the $ 7\/month rental on a modem .
CableModem	POS	5	prior to purchase this modem i do some extensive research . there be several excellent modem on the market but i choose this one because of the exceptional speed , reliability and stability it offer .
CableModem	POS	5	Motorola SB6121 be one of the best cable modem you can purchase . it be a little pricey compare to other option out there ; however , believe I , it be worth it -lrb- not to mention you save on the `` modem rental fee '' -rrb- . with Docsis 3.0 , it provide the best speed you can get from you cable provider . I be get double the speed I be promise -lrb- about 36 mbp -rrb- . setup be really easy . take it out of the box ; connect the coax cable , Ethernet jack and the power and that be it . the modem do its magic -lrb- it restart itself 3 time as it establish the connection -- I be a little scared but I think this be necessary for it to establish the correct speed -rrb- and I be connect to the internet in less than 5 minute . please note that this be my first time have internet service with my cable service provider -lrb- I hear that if you already have a modem and replace it , you need to call they and give they you new serial number and the MAC address , which can be find under the modem -rrb- . I have not have any problem so far . I be also extremely happy about its 1Gbps Ethernet port . I connect a Cisco ea4500 router for wireless connectivity . I need a Gigabit connection to get the most out of my wireless router and this modem provide it with ease . I would recommend this item to everyone look for a new modem .
CableModem	POS	4	this thing be amazing at adapt power . I only dock it one star for not offer a pink version . seriously , though , it be a power cord and it have better work . and , mine do the job as expect .
CableModem	POS	5	my provider promise 30M download ; I be get 45-60 . very rugged . I drop it from about 30 '' onto a tile floor ; it still work immediately upon power up . have not have to reset it yet after a month of use .
CableModem	POS	5	I 'll make this quick and hope I be not jinx myself . this be the easiest thing I have do in deal with Comcast . I lease this ubee modem already through Comcast and want to just buy one instead . I originally buy the Motorola sb6121 . I be sure the modem be fine , but I have issue in get it work with the Comcast representative , ` course that be probably the main problem right there . anyway , I return it and buy this ubee -lrb- which be the exact model I have be lease -rrb- . I unplug they modem , plug mine in , go to comcast\/activate self install webpage and 10 minute or so later I be up a run with no issue -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- . I give Comcast they modem back today and hope I do not have to fuss at they billing department next .
CableModem	POS	5	I be use the older iteration of this modem for many year and suddenly this past summer a hurricane name Irine hit the east coast and cause power outages\/spikes and all sort of disaster . : -rrb- - the old modem be kill . I use this with Comcast Docsis 3.0 service in the central NJ area and it could not be better . the old modem require reset and have issue with upload speed usually once or twice every few month . once I get this modem , I call Comcast , they verify that the modem be support , take the serial number\/mac address and provision it . I be get excellent speed both download and upload - download be generally 55mbps plus and upload be generally 6-10mbps ... yep that be the tier I pay for . I have not have any issue with upload speed drop down and there have be 0 necessity to reboot the modem to date . my recommendation - if you be switch to Docsis 3 and need a new modem - then buy this . also - if you be a cable internet subscriber then stop pay to rent a modem and buy you own ... the savings in the rent alone will pay for this modem and you will own it . 5\/5 in my opinion .
CableModem	POS	4	as usual , great delivery service from Amazon , but I do not get to use the product -lrb- the cable company lie when they say I could use my own modem -rrb- . go figure .
CableModem	POS	5	I install my new Motorola sb6121 cable modem . it take about 15 minute for Comcast to get it correctly set up . most of it be at they end , I think . however I ignore they instruction to turn off my computer and connect the modem directly to my computer . instead , I keep the modem connect to the router . I eventually do a reset on the router and reboot the computer . not sure if that be totally necessary , but everything be fine after that - though it might have be fine , anyway . I have do a speedtest -lrb- actually two of they on two different site -rrb- before I switch from the Comcast supply rca dcm425c modem . one show about 10 mb down and 1.3 mb up . the other show about 4 mb down and 1 mb up . I believe the 1st one . with the new modem the 1st site show 15 mb down and the same 1.3 mb up . I notice that the download light be blue -lrb- mean a bond connection -rrb- while the upload light be green mean a standard connection . I ask Comcast about this and they say they do not promise multiple channel on upload . accord to Comcast the level of service I be pay for should give 15 mb down and 2 mb up . the modem itself be very simplistic - no button . just three connection on the back and 5 light on the front . since I go through a router there be always activity and the link light just flash on and off at a fixed rate -lrb- not in time with activity light on the router -rrb- . since I have have it less than a day , I can not comment on reliability or speed change -lrb- if any -rrb- over time . but so far I like the improve download speed . it be really noticeable while watch hd video in real time .
CableModem	POS	5	I have charter cable and I go from average 20m to 30m . you have to actually call Charter Cable to complete the set up . set up take about 30 minute total .
CableModem	NEG	1	for the first 3 month this modem work like a charm . after that , it start have problem . I replace the splitter and the cable to the modem with no luck . I go through all the reset procedure over and over again . there be no problem with the incoming cable signal . it be strong . I contact the manufacturer this morning and they inform I that they do not help private user\/owners ... only cable company who buy they product by the thousand . then she hang up on I . with -lrb- non -rrb- customer service like that , my recommendation be to look elsewhere . too bad ... I really like it those first 3 month .
CableModem	NEG	1	I learn not to assume anything about technical material . I have search Amazon for a specific Cisco modem , and this one come up . it be a Cisco CM-100 , which accord to Comcast 's list of recommend modem be not a recommend model . I could not determine what model it be until I open the package and soon learn that I would get to pay return postage . if it do not list a model number , there likely be a reason , and I presume that in this case , the reason be that it be not on Comcast 's list !
CableModem	POS	5	this modem solve my problem . the issue be I be loose connection on my surfboard I have have for year . have my cable company check the street , and I run some neutralize test to issolate the problem to my Surfboard , get this thing , and all be well . the lesson here ? buy a Modem be cheaper than rent , duh ! , but have a modem for 4-5 year you have to remember that technology have a shelf life , and I reach mine a month ago with that surfboard .
CableModem	POS	5	I be a Comcast customer . as most know , Comcast 's service be HORRIBLE . after make several appointment for service due to fuzzy picture in my upstairs bedroom , a Comcast service contractor finally arrive at my doorstep . after look at my four upstairs television , he basically tell I that I need a signal booster . I buy the Motorola 4-port bda-s4 amp . it work like a charm . all of my upstairs television now have extremely clear picture and sound . do not bother call the cable guy . if you have a problem with signal , buy one of these . it 'll likely fix you problem .
CableModem	NEU	3	I have get a Terk indoor directional antenna . unfortunately I do not get the version with the build in amp , so I pick this one up after-market . I live about 30 mile from most of we local station . of the 17 available station , I probably get about ten before I add this booster . after put in the booster I get ... about ten . do not look like it make a difference one way or another . oh well . still , it be cheaper than a cable bill .
CableModem	POS	5	setup be a breeze , get great speed from this unit , and have have no issue so far . I would recomend this product .
CableModem	NEG	1	I have try 2 unit and both do not sync with comcast . I will return the second unit and try another brand .
CableModem	POS	5	I use this to replace my old sb5120 which have be awesome but after talk to a Cox Communications Rep they be say that in the near future these will not be support or may not work anymore . so I buy the newest I could find . I have read a lot of review on the sb6120 and not too many on this one so since it be new and I decide to try it . con : not many as some have say run a little warm but mine be in a well ventilate area . the only problem I have be when I provision it through online chat with cox Cable and after all the number and info be give I lose the Rep and Internet : -rrb- when I put in the new sb6121 and boot it up I only get the cox Internet Service Splash page . I then have to call a live Rep and have they finish the provision . a little hiccup . pro : nice light and small as I say before its in a well ventilate cabinet and light do not interfere my vision . I also get the Blue Receive Light instead of green which mean in my area it will use a bond downstream channel connection . that mean fast real fast . unfortunately I can not say the same for the Upload it stay on the green light . at present time I pay the $ 44 package which be suppose to be 5-7 mbp and since then I have get grandfather into the Preferred Package for $ 40 which be suppose to be 18 mbp and 4 mbp . here be my stats now : -rrb- use both internet Explorer and Google Chrome Browsers Current Motorola SB5120 ie 4:35 PM use cox test.lvcm.com 10 sec 27.2 mbp \/ 32.8 mbp down 24.2 mbp \/ 33.6 mbp down 5.82 mbp \/ up extend 1 min 15.5 mbp \/ 32 . o mbp down 2.98 mbp up sustained 3 min 15.4 mbp \/ 30.4 mbp down 2.46 mbp up speedtest.net to Xbox Live Servers in Redmond , Washington Closest Hop Renton , WA 22.57 MBPS Down 4.66 MBPS up Ping 65 m Chrome use cox test.lvcm.com 10 sec 21.2 mbp \/ 32.8 mbp down 5.81 mbp up extend 1 min 15.6 mbp \/ 29.6 mbp down 2.98 mbp up sustained 3 min 17.6 mbp \/ 30.4 mbp down 2.46 mbp up speedtest.net to Xbox Live Servers in Redmond , Washington Closest Hop Renton , WA 12.76 MBPS Down 4.58 MBPS up Ping 85 m New Motorola SB6121 use http:\/\/azspeedtest.cox.com result : 74.84 mbp down 3.00 mbp up ping 11 m ie use cox test.lvcm.com 10 sec 31.6 mbp \/ 88.0 mbp down 5.82 mbp up extend 1 min 18.0 mbp \/ 71.2 mbp down 2.98 mbp up sustained 3 min 17.4 mbp \/ 88.0 mbp down 2.46 mbp up speedtest.net to Xbox Live Servers in Redmond , Washington Closest Hop Renton , WA 35.58 MBPS Down 4.76 MBPS up 75 Ping Chrome use http:\/\/azspeedtest.cox.com result : 77.12 mbp down 2.86 mbp up ping 22 m use cox test.lvcm.com 10 sec 31.3 mbp \/ 96.0 mbp down 5.82 mbp up extend 1 min 19.1 mbp \/ 88.0 mbp down 2.98 mbp up sustained 3 min 17.4 mbp \/ 80.0 mbp down 2.45 mbp up speedtest.net to Xbox Live Servers in Redmond , Washington Closest Hop Renton , WA 53.23 MBPS Down 4.73 MBPS up 75 ping
CableModem	POS	4	do not have any problem set it up . you should make sure with you cable company that they system be compatible to work with this modem . not a bad price if you do not have time to shop on ebay . happy with the buy .
CableModem	POS	5	I can not tell you how many time I call my local cable tv provider -lrb- Comcast -rrb- to complain about the poor picture quality on my tv . I be unable to watch my brand new Sony flat screen hd tv due to pixelization and completely blank channel . it be happen every day . all Comcast would do be send a signal to the digital box to try to correct it . they even send a service man out to look at it . he check all the connection inside and out and tell I if the problem continue , to call . they be totally worthless . I be ready to cancel my cable tv subscription , when someone at work suggest a signal booster . so , I sign onto my favorite website in the world ! ... Amazon.com ... and find this wonderful little thing ! very simple to hook up outside where the cable wire feed into the house . it be like flip a switch . no more pixel across my screen and I be also able to pick up channel I do not have before ! it really do work . I have have it now for 2 week and have not have one problem with my tv . well worth the $ 52 I pay for it !  Motorola Signal Booster 4-port bda-s4 Cable Modem tv hdtv amplifier
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem when I move into my new apartment . I be read review that some people could not get this modem to work with Comcast as they isp but I have not have any issue so far . during my research I buy this modem for three reason : - DOCSIS 3.0 - simplicity - affordable like the other reviewer I use a Medialink Wireless N Router - 802.11 n and they make a lovely pair .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this because my cable signal for internet be not stable at all . during the rainning day or windy day , I get no connection . after install this , it significantly improve my connection . however , when the incoming signal be way too low , it still can not solve the problem . however , I can immediately feel the difference between with and without this booster . I even buy a second one as a Chrimstmas gift to my friend , which he also feel the improve of the signal .
CableModem	POS	5	Cable modem be not something for you to take care of in daily life . a good modem should be install and forget . it be the reason why I do not upgrade my modem from docsis-1 to docsis-2 until 2009 . I do not do it until I realize my internet speed be much slower than what Comcast promise then . that upgrade raise the average download throughput from 5 to 15mbp . I have be use the same internet service for more than one decade . the cable company promise 1.5 mbp at very begin . with the same monthly rate they push up they promise speed gradually . the speed be raise to 20mbp recently . but you can not enjoy the speed boost if you keep use you old hardware . my 3-year old Motorola sb5101 be also a good install and forget modem . but the connection speed can become very slow in evening , the rush hour of residential internet . docsis-3 provide the channel bonding feature which be better in retain bandwidth even in rush hour . you must contact the cable company to activate you new cable modem before use it . it be not a big deal for I because I do it twice in past decade , but I can not recall all the detail . the first Comcast specialist try to activate my sb6121 many time w\/o luck so that he transfer my call to a 2nd tier specialist . he ask I to power-cycle my modem -lrb- shut down then turn on again -rrb- , then it work flawlessly . yes , power-cycle be a necessary step in activation . the first specialist forget it and waste I almost one hour . my download speed be quite stable -lrb- 16 ~ 21mbp -rrb- now , even in evening . the throughput be only slightly faster but much more consistent than before . it work as promise . Internet technology keep evolve so that you can not always install and forget it . update -- I replace my old Linksys router with e3200 one month later . now the download speed be always fix at 25mbp , 24\/7 . look like 25mbp be the speed cap set by Comcast . the sb6121 + e3200 combo should be able to run even faster if I be willing to pay higher monthly rate . once again you need up-to-date gear in order to get full bandwidth from the internet connection you pay for .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem be easy to install and it work great . it allow I to save on my cable bill by use my own modem . I highly recommend it to anyone who be think of do the same .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be easy to install. , at first I could not get it to hook up to the internet. , but with a little tweeking , -lrb- unpluging power cord -rrb- I get it to work . you must call you internet service to register it . work just fine .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace the modem I be rent from Comcast with the Motorola sb6121 a few week ago and it have work very well since . activation with the cable company take about 10 minute which be longer than the technician expect but this could have be due to the quality of my connection as much as it could have be due to the modem . I have have no problem since . the technician I work with say that this be the same model modem he have and that it be a good selection . I have not notice significantly faster , or slower , datum rate since install .
CableModem	POS	4	when my cable installer see this modem he immediately say that it would not work . I tell he try anyway , and it do not work . after he leave , I spend a while back and forth on the phone with Comcast and Motorola . finally , the only way I get it to work be to go into the modem setting through my browser and reset it to factory default . I take 1 star off for difficulty get it work , but it do boost I from about 25mbit to about 36mbit download speed .
CableModem	POS	5	Easy to set up . be run ever since without a hiccup . no reason to buy the `` new '' one when the refurbish model work perfectly at a much lower price . highly recommend .
CableModem	POS	4	Easy to set up and immediately fix the problem we be have with a weak signal from Comcast . the Comcast box and dvr be barely receive a signal cause pixilation and in many case a error code , especially if someone be simultaneously use a computer . we set up be three cable box and one cable modem .
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be what Comcast rent to the customer -lrb- in bay area -rrb- . I buy it after use it for a month since I find it really good .
CableModem	NEU	3	just a head up . I be not say this be good or bad , it be a modem and appear to work . however , if you be use to be able to connect to you internet modem -lrb- dsl or cable -rrb- and configure such thing as the private network address subnet , dhcp enable\/disable and address range , you can not do that with this modem . there be nothing to configure ; you plug it in and it do what it do . the web interface explain what it do , but you can not change it . something you should know go in ...
CableModem	POS	5	Works greatly with Comcast , just make sure install the driver firstly . the usb cable be not necessary . the package be easy to open and I love it . nothing fancy but everything work .
CableModem	POS	5	we have Comcast Xfinity and get this cable modem to replace a older one that we be rent from Comcast . we cable service be throttle by the older one and buy we own will have a payback versus the rental in less than 12 month . I should have pay attention to the itemize billing earlier and figure out how much we be spend to rent what we should have buy : - -lrb- this have be hook up since 10\/13\/11 and there have not be a hiccup since . between this and a Asus dual band wireless router we have two desktop on the network , a netbook and a Roku box . no problem with any of it even when streaming video on the televeision and youtube on the netwook .
CableModem	POS	5	we use cox for high speed internet and this modem give we great speed and reliability . since I install this modem we have not experience any issue with access the internet .
CableModem	POS	4	I be expect improvement in speed , but it do not happen . it be stay about the same 14-16 mb\/s . not sure it be modem 's or isp . do not need to reboot all the time like the old one . will see in the future .
CableModem	POS	5	I decide to buy a cable modem when Comcast raise the rental price from $ 3 to $ 5\/month . hooked this up in no time , call Comcast with the MAC address , and be up and run after reset the modem and the router . it work great . the modem come in a box with a Linksys logo that indicate it be a `` certified refurbish product '' , and carry a 90-day factory warranty . I look forward to save $ 60\/year . as a bonus , this support the DOCSIS 2.0 standard , so I should be see even better throughput than the 7yo DOCSIS 1.1 modem I be rent .
CableModem	POS	5	Works perfect , no problem at all . Easy setup . can use it with vonage . very convenient . I be happy with this purchase .
CableModem	NEU	3	I buy this to use at home with we new Comcast internet service ; however , I do not realize until after I receive the product that there be a couple of issue that make it inappropriate for we particular need . first , there be no wireless with this product ; and there be also only one plug for ethernet cable connection . this make it impossible for more than 1 person at a time to connect to the internet ; and then you need the ethernet cable to connect . I do return the product and receive a prompt refund . I want to be clear that this do NOT reflect on the seller ; the seller be courteous , ship promptly , and even handle my question and subsequent return very efficiently .
CableModem	POS	4	be easy to set up . only have to plug it in , connect the cable to the box and ethernet cable to the network card and let it do its thing . do not have to load include software and it work with Comcast high speed just fine .
CableModem	POS	5	I would strongly recommend this modem . have go with this modem after not be happy with the more expensive Motorola SB6120 surfboard -lrb- Wireless be slow -rrb- . installation be quick , modem work excellent -lrb- with Comcast -rrb- and pair with my dir-825 xtreme n it put out fast wireless speed . I even get 54mbp when outside in the back yard of a fully brick home .
CableModem	POS	5	I have Comcast -lrb- nee Adelphia -rrb- cable modem service . bought my own modem back in 2005 I believe , and have be use it since then . finally decide it be time for a upgrade , so purchase the sb6121 after a bit of research . no problem connect it . need to call Comcast support to get it activate : it take longer to find they number and navigate through the automate phone support than it do once the tech be on the line . once I be actually talk to someone , it be a 3 minute process : read she the MAC address , she put it in and reset the signal , and I be up and run . notice a definite jump in my download speed compare to the old modem . only con I would say be the fact that the status light on the front of this modem be not actually label ; they just show various symbol which you need to figure out . they be not that obscure , I would just prefer label . other than that , the modem be great .
CableModem	POS	4	this seem to work well . I just wonder why cable modem be so expensive . seem like I be get rip off , but I guess that be life .
CableModem	NEG	1	when i go to set it up with comcast i do everything right but comcast could not get the mac address to work . on this unit . I have a feeling this unit be in a plane box for other reason than save the planet .
CableModem	POS	5	I be not one to write review but I decide to write one on the sb6121 . it be super easy to install and work a lot better than the $ 7 a month modem I be lease from the cable company . I actually call a techie at the cable company about install my own modem and he tell I this one be a great modem to purchase . after extensively research cable modem -lrb- I conduct hour of research on all electronic goods I purchase -rrb- I be glad to say I make the right choice in purchase this model . if you be think about get this modem , please do .
CableModem	POS	5	do not rent a modem from Comcast . this modem be much better than any that Comcast will rent to you at $ 8 a month ! the only drawback be have to call Comcast . it take I nearly a hour on the phone with Comcast and I have to talk to 4 different people , just to swap the old modem for the new one . but $ 85 and a hour on the phone with Comcast be still a deal . this be a excellent , state-of-the-art modem . if you use high-speed internet and\/or stream video , I highly recommend this modem . even if all you do be surf the internet once in a while and use email occasionally , I still recommend this modem .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this unit about 2 month ago . before I get it , I be use a Radio Shack brand amp . I get that amp originally because of the distortion , and freezing up of the picture , many time a day . it help a little bit , but not half of what it should have do . now I do some research and find this Motorola unit . so far , it have work fairly well . I hook it up outside my home where the cable come to my home . it be inside the plastic housing where the one cable be split into 6 to feed 6 different outlet . I have 5 tv 's and the other be split between my cable modem and another tv set . the internet connection be amplify , but so far have not affect it be function . we be get a great reception on all we set also . that be most of the time . I say this because the digital picture , although very clear and crisp , it do have a hiccup-where the picture will freeze for maybe a second . that do not happen very often . this amp be extremely easy to use , and I would recommend this product .
CableModem	NEG	1	just get this in the mail . horrible connection and super slow compare to the ARRIS I be rent from Comcast for $ 7\/mo . I be consider keep the rental and suck up the fee just to get decent internet . ca not even stream video from Youtube \/ etc without it buffer every 5 seconds . sad .
CableModem	POS	5	this be a Comcast approve modem . it be rate the maximum star -lrb- 3 -rrb- by Comcast . be very easy to setup , Comcast take only minute to activate it . I highly recommend this modem , run fairly cool . why pay Comcast for a lease modem . I lease my modem for 5 year , @ $ 7.00 per month , I could have purchase one new modem per year at that rate . the one thing Comcast do not tell or do for customer , the modem we lease be never update to the newest and greatest , so with the older modem you never keep up with the speed available to customer . I highly recommend this modem !!
CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this to replace the stock Ambit modem from Charter Cable . in summary , the modem install flawlessly and I do see a improvment in speed -lrb- accord to dslreports_dot_com I be run twice as fast at time -rrb- . the setup with Charter be very easy , with no phone call need . everything be do online . after insure the modem be work correctly I then install the wireless router -lrb- Belkin n + wirelss router -rrb- . it too , install flawlessly and install easier than with the stock modem -lrb- I often have to start - restart the modem and router before they would communicate . I would recommend this product . it do what it be suppose to , and installation be a breeze .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be a breeze to set up and have be function without fail ever since . I would recommend this to Comcast cable user .
CableModem	POS	5	when I have my cable install I know the moment the tech pull out a outdated rca modem I need to upgrade . the ridiculously slow speed come from say modem further prove my suspicion . I start research modem and come to the conclusion it be a 50\/50 crap shoot ... either it will work for you or it will not . I choose to look at Cisco because I already own a Cisco router ,  Cisco-Valet Plus Wireless Router  I be really glad I do . set up the Cisco Linksys modem be so easy , I have never have a modem\/router set-up so fast and easily . all I do be plug everything in , swap it out with my cable company online , and voilum I be online ... and my online speed jump from a crawl of 2.5 mbp ... to blaze fast speed of 12mbp and up . if you be have problem with you cable internet speed , odds be its the modem they provide you with . I dump my cable originally because of lousy speed , and go back out of necessity . if I have know I could have resolve my issue with a new modem I would have do this year ago , and save myself countless hour of customer service call .
CableModem	POS	5	I initially purchase the Motorola sb6120 due to the high number of good review . about 10 % of the review do not work with comcast and I be part of that 10 % . the ubee ddm3513 modem to date have 1 bad review and be likely because of a single bad modem vs bad hardware decision like the Motorola . so I give the ubee ddm3513 a try and it just work . no problem . Comcast would occasionally disconnect -lrb- not the modem -rrb- and this device re-establish connection much faster than my older rent modem . I watch Hulu often and the connection would re-establish before Hulu would need to rebuffer . I know that the connection be lose because I be multi-tasking and search the web while watch Hulu . searching would freeze and I would notice the modem light show a disconnection but Hulu be still run . that be just amazing in my book
CableModem	POS	5	this modem work great . installation be easy . just connect thing in the order suggest and wah-la all work great . I have this out in my garage in a home entertainment panel box . the modem route through a apple airport and a cisco sg100d-08 gigabit switcher . all 5 computer , hp printer , 2 xbox , tv , Directv , and blu-ray player all access the internet without any problem . Modem run 24\/7 unless power go out . be go on 2 month now without a hitch . would highly recommend . if the unit be in house some people may not like the brightness of the blue lead light but since mine be in the garage it do not bother I . I only say something because when I come home at night and open the garage I can see the blue lead light from 50 foot away .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem be smaller than other which be a benefit to I . the modem work with Time warner cable and it set up quickly - can not say the same for time warner . this be important information about set up the modem with you cable company : I have 7 hour worth of call try to set up this modem because hold time be about 30 minute between reps. they will tell you that this be `` not '' a approve device even though it be approve on time warner website and level one tech support . Hang up on the rep who will not set up you modem and call you local office - finally , I do get through to someone who do not even ask for model number and all they want be the MAC and serial number - here be the problem , my device address end with a `` b '' and the rep apparently could not assign a b to the system and take it upon herself to enter a `` 8 '' and never tell I about she change . so , a phone call to tech support and then back to customer service to change a 8 to a b - then back to tech support - it be work perfectly . tip : be certain to tell they you be use a DOCSIS 3.0 modem , that way the `` b '' will be accept . and then ask they to repeat the MAC address and DOCSIS version prior to end the call . you will save about 5-6 hour in phone call . additionally ; I do have digital voice and Tech support on `` that day '' say that none of the telephony modem work with Time Warner . they have ask I to pick up a free splitter and two short coaxial cable from the local time warner office so that I can connect both device . once both device be connect , time warner say they would not charge a monthly fee for a deactivate modem be use for phone call only .
CableModem	POS	5	I have Time Warner Digital Cable and since move to we new place we signal have be a issue . we have two digital box and Time Warner refuse to boost the signal so we could hook up cable to additional tv use a coax cable . before this product try to do so kill the signal to one of the digital box . in addition , the box whose signal would get kill by other source would lose signal for high def channel from time to time with no split . I order the booster and the Ohm terminator and it work like a charm . not only be we able to watch cable on all we tv with no disruption , but the picture on both digital box be crisper than before . all channel on both box work and I no longer have to constantly reboot my digital box . I be so glad I give it a try .
CableModem	POS	5	have it setup and run for a week or so now , and its be work flawlessly . no issue thus far . I would recommend this modem to other . allow I to do away with the rent modem from Metrocast and the $ 5 rental fee . good stuff !
CableModem	POS	5	I can not believe how quick and painless this modem be to install . Unpack box , shut down computer , plug in power and cable to modem , turn computer back on , wait until all modem light have activate , call Comcast so they can see you modem , and voilum - I be up and run . from unpack the box to be online be less than 15 minute . and most of that time be shut down my computer and bring it back up again . I wish everything I hook up to my computer be this easy .
CableModem	POS	5	receive today and be use cox cable Premier speed . about 20mbp down and 5 up . hooked this up and 2 test at Speedtest dot net , I be now get 37mbp down and 5 up . so , I would say it do exactly what I want . that be my experience anyway . good luck
CableModem	POS	5	I update my Motorola modem from DOCSIS 2.0 to a Motorola DOCSIS 3.0 . I have do some research on different brand and docsis 2 vs 3 , and be please with the product . I have a very noticeable improvement immediately in download speed via Cox cable . the modem be easy to install and get update the log into the cox record -lrb- by call cox -rrb- . it get slightly warm , but probably less than my old one - as it have better ventilation hole . it be deliver in just a few day - faster than expect .
CableModem	NEG	2	I have Comcast and purchase this wireless gateway -lrb- cable modem & router in one case -rrb- to use at home for a few reason . 1 -rrb- to stop pay Comcast $ 7 each month to rent a cable modem , 2 -rrb- to upgrade from a old Linksys 802.11 b router that limit download speed and have only the -lrb- not very secure -rrb- wep encryption . installation of the Zoom 5350 be easy , instruction be very good . everything be great , in fact , except for the wireless range . this 802.11 n product should have more range than the Linksys 802.11 b router from 2000 that it replace . at least in my house it be substantially inferior to that older router . I try different orientation of the case and different height in the room -- no improvement . I return the product today to best buy -lrb- no problem do that -- thanks best buy ! -rrb- and replace it with a zoom 5341j cable modem and a Linksys 1550 wireless router -lrb- 2.4 GHz only -rrb- . this combination of two separate device work much , much better . the cable modem electronics be probably identical to those in the Zoom 5350 , but the Linksys router be obviously either a stronger signal or a better -lrb- set of -rrb- antenna -lrb- s -rrb- . everyone 's house be different , but if you have a small house with not too many interior wall , then the Zoom 5350 might be a great product . if you need better wireless coverage , I would recommend the Linksys 1550 router and a separate cable modem .
CableModem	POS	5	after Comcast increase my rental rate for they modem to $ 5\/month and after 8 year , decide to buy my own modem . Works great and be rather easy install . if you be on a mac and use wireless , it be much easier to use ethernet connection for the initial hookup .
CableModem	POS	5	be run off a old Moto . 5101 for the last few year with excellent service , but I feel I need a upgrade . boy be I right ! I do not realize the 5101 peg out at 30MB . when I hook up the 6121 my speed shoot up from a average of 28-30mb to 50-55mb !! I be receive 50-60mb service from charter , but because of they horrible service detail -lrb- or lack there of -rrb- I be unaware . excellent purchase , I hope it hold up like the 5101 have !
CableModem	NEG	1	do not waste you money . all cable company provide these item for free plus free installation . for those who insist on own one , beware : the modem do not last long . at most 2-3 year and than burn out . happen to I 3 time , the first last a few month , the second 2 year , the last almost a year , when it finally dawn on I : call Com ... they come , install , hi-fi have everything . beautiful !! no more worry .
CableModem	POS	5	plug it in , look at the instruction disk on how to get in to setup . set up 2 wireless network , log on to the network and check my speed . I be hit 30mbp on a 31mbps network . no problem . I would like the ability to set a bandwidth limit on the second network , I do not see that I can do that on this product , but it be a good deal .
CableModem	POS	4	not much to say except it perform as it should . I have to call the cable company to get they to recognize it and get it run for I . that take all of 5 minute .
CableModem	POS	5	Works great . no need to spend 80 $ at best buy whne you can spend 30 and get the exact same function .
CableModem	POS	4	Works great . I be happy that I could pay a little less for the product to come in non-logo packaging .
CableModem	POS	5	replace a Comcast Cisco DPC3000 router with a upgrade of my own . no rental fee . Works great ! Easy to install . recommend !
CableModem	POS	5	I have a Comcast modem , that I use to pay $ 7.00 per month for and be only 11.602 g. I buy this new modem , that be in compliance with Comcast standard , have better reception , improve my internet speed and after about 1 year , it will have be pay by the amount I will save every month with Comcast . excellent option .
CableModem	NEG	1	I buy the item from SSDEALS , receive in about a week time . set it up and call my isp to have it activate with they . while on the phone , this modem crash the entire node because it be `` flap '' several time a min . -lrb- request a IP then go offline imeditatly and cause a DOS in the node -rrb- I take it offline and have to set a static IP on my computer to even access the webguus -lrb- it would not even establish a dhcp on the Ethernet side either ! -rrb- accord to the log it be give a tftp error . configuration file NOT FOUND . so I send it back for a refund . since Staples be sell it for the same price , I just go to they and it work right out of the box and all I have to do be give my isp the MAC address and it be up and run before I get off the phone with they . apparently these be not test before they be send out .
CableModem	POS	5	I have no complain at all with the modem . it do it be job and have not give I any trouble in the few month I have be use it .
CableModem	POS	5	my old modem be a Linksys CM100 Docsis 2.0 I be have constant connection drop during peak time , so I buy this modem to see if a newer Docsis 3.0 modem would relieve that . I have not have a drop connection since hook it up . I also gain a small amount of speed use this . old modem get I 19mb down on avg and this one have I around 22-24 on avg . heat - with my old one I could set my toe on it and keep em warm in the winter , this one well vent and stay cool .
CableModem	POS	4	my prior modem be a DOCSIS 1.1 model from linksy which have a web base user interface point out in the ship installation Guide . I would have give this Motorola modem a perfect rating if the ship box also include info on how to access the modem 's user interface via a web browser . fortunately , on the motorola.com site I find a detailed pdf installation Guide with the web interface IP address that make up for the miss info . the web address be -lrb- ... -rrb- some people complain about the heat discharge by the modem but I do not think it be hot enough to cause any problem as long as the modem be keep in a well ventilate space .
CableModem	POS	5	Works as advertise , very simple set up . plug and play . just call you provider to authorize modem . DOCSIS 3.0 upgrade work great . base on the residential service I pay for with my provider , I consintently get 35 mbp down and 5-10 mbp up . the main difference that I notice be that when you have multiple user stream the datum transfer work much better .
CableModem	POS	5	as simple a install as should be for a modem ... I replace my dsl with cable internet and be just a matter of plug it in and have Comcast activate it , then unhook my dsl modem and hook it up to my router and a router reboot . it do the job and I have not notice any drop since install
CableModem	POS	4	very easy to setup out of the box but documentation a bit lack in explanation of configuration and feature . I guess it be assume you already know how to configure you modem . I do have a problem with a older hp\/compaq laptop run m Vista . it would not connect to internet use WPA or PSK , try every thing I read in variuo blog but nothing work . discover there be a update for the Atheros WiFi Adapter , download and install it - connect perfectly now . very fast 20mb download speed . very please with product .
CableModem	NEG	1	no dice , try to get the modem to work with multiple Comcast tech . never could be recognize on there system despite be on the master list .
CableModem	NEG	1	set up a new Comcast account , I have go through two attempt with Motorola modem . the first be the sb6020 , which be DOA -- would not even power up . send it back and decide to try the sb6121 , to see if they newer model perhaps have better quality control . I think I be go to have success -- the light come on -- but no luck . the first strike against this modem come when I call Comcast to try to do a `` self-install '' to save the service charge of the technician come out . in we new place , I know the previous tenant have use Comcast , so I be sure the house be already wire correctly . Comcast be unable to do a self-install over the phone for this modem , so a technician be send out . the Comcast technician , a nine-year veteran installer , spend over a hour fight with the sb6121 , try to get it to initialize . we wire it in directly , remove all splitter , etc. . . and it still refuse to recognize . keep cycling and drop service . I spend another hour on the phone with Motorola tech support , who be unable to help . finally , as a last resort , the Comcast technican plug in a similar Docsis 3.0 modem from he truck . the connection be up and work in seconds , with a stable signal and no drop service . of course , I be now fight with Comcast over the $ 99 service charge for the technician . all tell , this modem have cost I 3-4 hour of my life and $ 99 already ... and this be my second return of a Motorola modem to Amazon in less than 10 day . and I still need a modem . with the dubious quality of the current generation of Motorola modem , they have lose I as a customer for the forseeable future . if the next model be better , I 'll revisit the issue but for now , the aggravation and expense just be not worth it .
CableModem	POS	5	the cable modem be extremely easy to set up . have the thing ready to go in 1\/2 hr . that include the call to comcast to register the product . very happy with the purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	own you own modem be the smart way to go . Comcast be charge we $ 5 a month to rent one , it take just 8 month to save money with this modem . -lrb- this modem be on sale when I buy it -rrb- this be the most reliable cable modem I have ever use . I have have it for about two year now and it be still go strong . I can not think of the last time I have a network problem that be the fault of the modem . I do not even reset the modem anymore when have problem , since it be always the router . Pretty amazing for a refurbish modem . it be a shame Linksys brand router be not this dependable . if they be I would be a very happy camper . one downside : this modem use the aging docsis 2 standard , which do not support ipv6 . when isp start to roll out ipv6 you will not be able to take advantage of it with the cm100 . it do not matter at all for normal people because ipv6 support will not be \* require \* for many , many year , but if you be a techie like I and you want ipv6 asap , you be better off get a modem that support it .
CableModem	POS	5	what more can I say ? plug it in , call comcast , read they the MAC address -lrb- I wish the font be bigger -rrb- and there be no drama . special note - Comcast list this cable modem as approve but there be other modem on they list that seem to have go through and pass a higher level of testing . that be a concern . for I , it the ubee have be a solid little performer . incidentally - I replace a motorolum surfboard with this ubee . it turn out that the problem be a splitter in the cable . I now have the surfboard as a spare . as soon as I hear anything about ipv6 though , that surfboard be go back in because it be ipv6 compatible and this ubee be not .
CableModem	POS	5	unknown to I , my comcast-issue atlanta-scientific modem -lrb- for the use of which I be pay Comcast every month -rrb- be apparently the source of the ridiculously slow and painfully inconsistent connection speed we have be get . one speed test would come in at 10mbp , and the next at 600kbp . usually it would come in at 1.2 to 2.5 mbp - a mere fraction of the bandwidth for which we be pay . after a little online research , I decide to just try buy my own modem - it certainly be not go to make the problem any worse . the worst part of the entire process be just be on hold with Comcast for 15 minute . once they get to I in the phone queue , it take about 5 minute to get the new modem up and run . but whoa ! what a difference it make ! the day before installation , we get we typically inconsistent speedtest with a mean of about 2 mbp . as soon as the new modem be up and run , we test at 21 mbp , and there have be no fluctuation since . every speed test report 21mbp . wow ! what a improvement ! Skype video have go from frustratingly slow and pixilated with lousy audio , to crystal clear and clean . file download in a flash . and the connection speed seem to be very stable . if you old modem be let you down , do not hesitate to buy one of these . no ill can come of it .
CableModem	POS	4	I be look to save on some month to month modem rental fee from the cable company and after read the review , decide on this model . I use Comcast and be a little concerned about what I have read when it come to set up this modem with this provider . it be good that I be prepare for some hiccup because you probabaly will run into some . Stay patient ! I start by plug the coaxial cable into the modem , then the power cord , then ethernet into the modem and finally into the computer . click on ie and the comcast set up page initiate . so far so good . I input my #s , hit submit and here 's where the aggrevation begin . it seem like it be progress and then the connection seem to freeze and the modem power down . I attempt to repeat again and again but I do not seem to make any progress until I would completely unplug the modem and basically start from scratch . I then would get to the next Comcast setup screen but would have to power down again , and again . eventually , you will make it through it and once you do , you will have some pretty fast internet . I be speed along at 25 mbp . I want to stress here that I feel that the setup hangup be definitely more Comcast related as other 's have claim . the biggest and only negative so far be the fact that this modem only have one ethernet outlet which can hinder the set up of a home wifus . you may need tech support for you router . I couple mine with a Belkin n150 and after have a 15 minute conversation with the tech -lrb- would have be 10 min . if I could understand she english ! -rrb- , have my household internet rolling . as I mention , be patient and you will be more than happy with this modem . well worth the money .
CableModem	NEG	2	I order this modem instead of the sb6120 because of the problem report in connect to COMCAST . unfortunately this modem do not connect to COMCAST . Motorolla inform I that the isp must download a file specific to the give modem . since this be not yet on the list of approve modem . there be no file and it can not connect , although they do tell I the signal be excellent . HENCE : do not order this modem for use with COMCAST unless they tell you it be compatible ...
CableModem	POS	4	I feel compel to write this to help those who will encounter the problem I face -lrb- and mention here -rrb- . I be one of the many people who want to avoid rent a modem from Comcast and buy this modem base on the stellar review , only to find that on the day of installation\/activation that it `` do not work '' . do not work mean experience the same symptom that be be mention here several time - `` modem connect but then resets\/power cycles\/disconnects itself within a few minute . '' this happen to I on the day i activate my Comcast internet . the technician spend 1.5 hour try to figure it out and end up loan I a Comcast modem -lrb- Motorola SB5120 docsis2 -rrb- , which come up almost instantly and activate just as fast -lrb- go figure -rrb- . he suggest I return this modem as it be defective , in he opinion . I do not like this since the probability of this be very small . but I see what I see and could not get past the first page of Comcast self activation screen with this modem . before the web page for self activation could proceed , after typing my account info and phone number , the modem would conveniently lose connection . at one point I do get to the next screen where it be scanning for device , but the modem cut out thereby hang the process . the modem be pack up in the box for return to Amazon when I could not shake how much this bother I and by my bad luck . so I come back here and read pretty much every review . what I find be there be several people who experience the EXACT same symptom while try several of the same modem . there be two review that stand out . one be from a person who mention the Comcast technician moan when he see it be this modem , indicate that the technician be aware of difficulty use this modem . the person mention that after 70 minute of try to get the modem to connect the technician advise he to leave the modem power on and hook up for awhile and to try activate later . the person do this and be successful in activate the modem . the other review be from a person who be admirably persistent . he review talk of several attempt to connect and refusal to accept that the modem be defective . he end up leave the modem power on and connected overnight so the modem could `` download firmware '' . the next day he be able to activate after two attempt with Comcast self activation process . lastly , I notice for I that if I leave the modem power on and connected but make no attempt to activate it via Comcast web site , the modem retain connection -lrb- via indicator light -rrb- for prolonged period of time . it only seem to lose connection when I try to activate . base on this I feel something be break with Comcast activation process specifically for this modem or perhaps Comcast be intentionally make it difficult to activate this modem to convince customer to rent a `` reliable '' modem from they . to be honest , it almost work for I . after sit there watch the technician agonize try to get the modem to work , I be tempt to rent the modem and move on with life . so as one last hail Mary attempt , this be what I do : 1 . take the modem back out of the box and leave the Motorola sb6121 power on and connect to cable outlet overnight just to entertain the possibility that some firmware or info need to be download to the modem and that for some reason it take a long time to do so . 2 . the next morning I try Comcast 's self activation process . 3 . every time win7 's network icon in the lower right corner of my screen indicate that a internet connection be establish -lrb- vs. exclamation mark -rrb- I immediately open a ie window and start the activation process with my account and phone # . the modem still lose connection when I do this but I keep on try . 4 . it take I about 4 try to succeed . each time I try , I start back on the account and phone # page . but each time it get further and further in the activation process . attempt # 1 : account\/phone # screen - -rrb- retrieve Device Information - -rrb- Modem lose connection . attempt # 2 : account\/phone # screen - -rrb- retrieve Device Information - -rrb- list of device detect -lrb- screen show my motr sb6121 modem and a dtv box both show as `` inactive '' - -rrb- Modem lose connection . -lrb- a thing to note here be that Comcast 's activation system could specifically identify this modem . this mean it be in they system and they system be able to communicate with it -rrb- Attempt # 3 : account\/phone # screen - -rrb- retrieve Device Information - -rrb- list device detect - -rrb- click `` Rescan '' device -lrb- modem -rrb- - -rrb- hit `` next '' to activate then get to screen where it say `` activate device - this may take 10 minute '' - -rrb- Modem lose connection Attempt # 4 : this be not a real attempt because all I do be leave the web browser in the previous `` activate device '' screen and wait for the modem to re-establish connection again . I step away for a few minute and when I come back I get a screen that state `` Device Activate '' -lrb- and some other instruction that do not matter -rrb- hallelujah ! also note , no phone call have to be make to Comcast to activate this modem . at this point , this modem which be lose connection all the time before , now have a seemingly rock solid connection !!! I be use the connection now with this modem as I type this . I have do some basic testing , stream video , surf the net , etc. . no loss of connection ! I do a speed test and I be get 25mbp down and 3.8 mbp up . base on my experience so far , it be in my opinion that this modem work and be as good as what the majority of the reviewer here have state . the problem lie in Comcast 's self activation process which be suspicious . what do not make sense to I be the fact that modem can hold a solid connection if you do not attempt to activate and after it be successfully activate . it be only when I try to go through the self activate process that I see problem . I can not say much about whether step # 1 help but it can not hurt to try . I mention it only to inform people of what exactly I do . I truly hope this help people . Amazon be top notch . this modem be now do what it be suppose to do with no issue . I 'll come back and update this review in about a month to report if it still hold true . I think it will but we 'll see . and lastly , thanks for the people who share they experience here . if it be not for they I would have return the modem back to Amazon and go through the hassle of find another modem or give in and rent one from Comcast . I be try to pay it forward with this review .
CableModem	NEU	3	replace a 10 year old motorolum DOCSIS 2.0 cable modem on Charter . 1 . try online tool from Charter do not work . be always stick . 2 . the Charter phone service though work very well , take about 5 minute . 3 . the network be back from begin to end in about 10 minute -lrb- exclude the online tool failure with charter -rrb- . the speed increase be noticeable from sustainable ~ 15mbit to ~ 28mbit download and 3.2 mbit upload . download peak speed go up to 50mbit the modem be a bit warmer than I would have expect . but that seem to be no real problem . the modem be in place for about 4 week now - have 3 failure . the Charter connection do not work . Charter say they side be ok , power off\/on on the modem restore the connection . have now add a synaccess netbooter np-02 -lrb- b -rrb- . that recycle the modem if 25 ping -lrb- one every 5 seconds = 125 seconds no connection -rrb- to the DNS server outside do not respond -lrb- the IP number of the DNS server be available in the router -rrb- . also set to recycle power at 2:30 be for both router and modem . will give more feedback in a month .
CableModem	POS	5	have it install with Comcast service , and it work flawlessly so far . I use it with a Medialink router , and everything be compatible right out of the box . if I have any problem with the modem I 'll update , but so far it be perform as advertise and there be no problem with installation
CableModem	POS	5	this be a fantastic purchase . I receive a ota signal from tower that be approximately 45 mile from my home . the antenna I have be not adequate for the distance , but do the job for the most part . typically I receive a signal strength in the 20-30 range . I purchase this signal booster and it change the way we watch television . I do NOTHING else but add this signal booster . in some case , the addition of this booster triple my signal . I be now able to get three additional channel that I be originally unable to receive . I can not predict how this will work for you but it be a great addition to my home .
CableModem	NEG	1	this device will sporadically lag packet - they typically all get through but some be delay . isp can not send firmware update once the onboard chip be full . too old for modern network .
CableModem	POS	5	first , this review be base on my cable service , Comcast . this unit work flawlessly on Comcast . this unit effectively double both my down\/upstream speed from my older -lrb- year -rrb- DOCSIS 2 unit , which I might add I be pay a monthly lease for - yeah , I know , why do I wait this long ?! from + \/ - 20m to about + \/ - 38m downstream , and from 2m to + \/ - 8m upstream . directly hook up to unit , of course ... which mean that any degradation you experience when you use other\/wireless unit later on be not because of this unit nor you cable service ... Install be a no-brainer - there be nothing to `` install '' . attach the coax cable to the unit , the include Ethernet cable -lrb- yes , it do have one include -rrb- to you pc\/laptop , and finally plug the power source . you 'll see the MAC address in the unit and in the `` documentation '' -lrb- its just a flyer , really -rrb- . you 'll need it when you call you cable isp provider -lrb- for `` activation '' on they network -rrb- . from box to go : 5 minute - most of it spend call you provider and have they `` find '' you modem -lrb- via the MAC address -rrb- and `` add '' it to they network .
CableModem	NEG	1	product be refurbish . Wish I would have see the other review before purchase . the ac adapter include be a dud - rather than deal with the hassle of return it , I simply use a old adapter that I just happen to have , then it work fine . many time refurbish product be not such a bad idea - the item have supposedly be test after be send back to the manufacturer , but after this I will never buy a Linksys refurbish product . shame on Amazon.com for not clearly state such a important detail in the description .
CableModem	POS	5	this router\/modem work great . it be really easy to set up . the instruction say that I might have to call my internet provider -lrb- for I that be Comcast -rrb- , but the setup do everything automatically . it be ship very quickly , and be very well package .
CableModem	NEU	3	the cable modem work quite well with my comcast cable connection . there be a few hiccup initially , but we get they sort quite fast . it say its refurbish but when you get it , its look absoultely brand new . I would recommend buy this .
CableModem	POS	5	I have use linksy modem and router for over a decade now and they be as easy and reliable as they ever be . I get amazing download speed from this device and everyone I have install they for have note the speed be over what the isp be advertising . I have personally never have a problem with any of they to date .
CableModem	POS	5	the modem arrive quickly and be just as advertise , with the exception of a miss coax cable . it take quite a while for the Comcast system to establish a connection with the modem -lrb- the installer say this be typical of this modem -rrb- , but it be be work perfectly ever since connection be finally establish .
CableModem	POS	4	I have have this for about 2 1\/2 month . I be not get in all my tv station on my cable . the lower station in particular . when I do get in the station several of they be choppy and pixelated at time . when I watch sport such as football there would be a ghost trail follow the football on hard pass . this fixed my problem . I have 8 television and one computer run at my house and the picture be such a improvement it anger I to think how long I go without have it . before I buy this product I call the cable company on several occasion and nothing they do or tell I ever help . they mention to use a signal amplifier , which they be suppose to provide , but be reluctant . so I take matter into my own hand and do it myself . I recommend this to anyone who may have the occassional pixelated picture or any ghost issue to try this product for yourself . I purchase mine off of Amazon for around $ 45 and it take minute to install . you do not realize this product 's worth until you try it . it be satisfaction everytime I watch my television .
CableModem	POS	5	Motorola SURFboard Gateway SBG6580 DOCSIS 3.0 Wireless Cable Modem
CableModem	POS	5	it work . and that say a lot for a cable modem . I just move into a area with Comcast and opt for the 25 down , 5 up high speed internet . it work flawlessly with it . please remember , as other have note , that when set up the service with you provider , provide they with the s\/n on the bottom of the box , not on the modem . I have no problem set it up , and the speed I be pay for , I be actually get !
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem only last 7 week and rarely work correctly during that time . very disappointed that I didnt keep box so I cant send back
CableModem	POS	5	this be provision with ease today , no glitch . this be a huge relief after the headache I have the the Motorola Surfboard sb6141 , stay away from the sb6141 if you be on Comcast .
CableModem	NEG	1	when I install this between my cable box and the cable from the wall , it do nothing to improve the picture , so I try it at the other end of the cable-where it come out of the wall . Got no picture at all that way . so , useless to I .
CableModem	POS	5	purchase this modem since I be have internet connection speed issue on a Docsis 2 Modem . have one hardwired and one wireless computer and speed on both be vary between 2-20 mb after install the Docsis 3 my hardwired machine be connect at 36 Mb & the wireless computer be @ 23 Mb Definately worth it !
CableModem	POS	5	great unit . try several Motorola modem before and they never work properly . the zoom work immediately with Comcast , easy set-up and no problem .
CableModem	POS	5	get it in two day , work great ! be deliver the speed list in the spec . definitely would recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	5	Works perfectly well with my modem -lrb- the cable to which my cat have successfully chew ! -rrb- and get to I with no prob ! price be the best !
CableModem	POS	5	installation be a breeze and the router\/modem work perfectly with Charter Communication . I should have buy this item a long time ago !!
CableModem	POS	5	plug and play . speed improve compare to my old docsis 2 cable modem . no complaint at all so far . I recommend this product .
CableModem	POS	5	I be always concern when buy proprietary electronics online , but I do my research and have every indication that this be a excellent modem at a excellent price . we have no issue with setup and have no complaint so far . if anything further develop , look for a update .
CableModem	POS	4	Great , work good pretty easy to hook up and have have no issue . I have be use it for more than a month .
CableModem	NEG	1	this modem work for a couple of week . and now it be not . I be not sure what be wrong with it , but it be definitely defective .
CableModem	NEG	1	just google for ` cisco dpc3008 customer support ' and you 'll see that one of the top hit be the comcast customer forum where hundred of people complain about the dpc3008 drop internet connection . because this modem be list on Comcast 's web site as a approve modem , I buy one 3 month ago . I have have nothing but trouble with it and to my surprise , discover that many other people be experience the same problem . under somewhat heavy load such as streaming a movie , the modem drop the internet connection . the only solution be to use a different modem . I replace the dpc3008 with a Motorola surfboard and have not have any problem . I would stay away from the dpc3008 , it do not work reliably . it 'll be the last Cisco product I ever purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	the product itself be very reliable . unless this have change recently , you need a Windows pc to setup the modem with Comcast , which take no more than 10 minute to setup . I be able to return the lease modem and save money !!!
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this to bypass rent a modem from Comcast . and im guess most of you be try to do a similar activity . ive only have this go for a few day , so I can not say anything about the stability . but so far so good , im get speed above what I be quote by comcast , around 25-30 mbp , when im sign up for 15 mbp . I have to have a comcast tech come out and setup my internet connection , because the line have be disconnect . the tech that come out say that this modem do have trouble update the first time for some reason . and it would not update properly to the service . this be mention in someone negative review . luckily the tech be able to split the line , and connect one of he modem to the line along with mine -lrb- this one -rrb- . in about 2 min it be able to update properly and everything be work fine now . overall its not too expensive of a modem , in a year it will have be the same price as renting , but then I actually have something . and the tech also say that they be pretty good modem , they just have this little problem when you first update it or set it up for the service .
CableModem	POS	5	simple to hook up and begin function . seem to be work flawlessly -- I have have it for about a month now . what more could I want ? great modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this Modem very recently from Amazon and i be very much pleased with it . if you have a comcast internet connection , this one fit perfectly and it be also list in Comcast 's approve Modem list . it do the job and i have not face any issue so far . if you be look for a upgrade to you older modem , this might be the one ...
CableModem	NEG	1	you should know that Netgear do not sell this modem to individual , only isp . at least that be what Netgear keep tell I . it be pretty frightening when a company that be suppose to be a major internet player can not do a Google search to see that over 100 store sell this modem directly to user . my cmd31t die six week after it be purchase . one day it be work fine and the next day i have no internet connection with my isp . first I call my isp and do all the stuff they ask . then my isp send out a technician with a network analyzer . my connection be fine , the modem be not . then the nightmare begin . the Netgear support number connect to a call center in India . everyone there follow the script exactly . the first customer Service Representative -lrb- CSR -rrb- tell I that Netgear do not do support for this modem , I have to call my isp . I call my isp to check and they confirm that since this be a privately purchase modem that Netgear be responsible for support . the second CSR have I do a bunch of diagnostic step . nothing work , but since I could still see the GUI in the modem , the modem must be fine . the third CSR tell I to call the isp and when I ask to speak to a supervisor , blow I off . the forth CSR say someone from Netgear would call I . I be still wait for a RMA so I can return this modem two week later . BTW , forget any support if you run Linux . you can tell the CSR you IP address , dn , and default route , -lrb- which be much easier to find in Linux -rrb- but if you be not run windoze they tell you they can not do support . the technician from the isp recommend Arris or Motorola . I buy a Motorola modem because I might not ever get a rma from Netgear . if you buy this modem and it fail you will not get any support from Netgear . 9 March 2012 Update : my first Email contact with Netgear be 22 February 2012 . I have send they my Amazon purchase receipt twice . still no rma from Netgear . I be send a email to Netgear Technical support every few day tell they I still have not receive a rma . if I ever receive a rma I will post how long it take . so far my Motorola surfboard sbg901 be work O.K. it be not DOCSIS 3.0 but at least it work . 22 March 2012 Update : it look like Netgear be never go to send I a rma . the only response I get from Chithra or Vishnu or Simbhu or Arif be `` please wait so that they can get the necessary detail from they to assist you better . '' I will be happy to post or forward any of these email from Netgear . Netgear automatically close any support case in seven day if you do not reply to they Email . they be hope I will get tired of wait and just write off the $ 90 I pay for the cmd31t . please think twice before buy any Netgear product 24 March 2012 Update ; check out the comment from Netgear !!! they will not respond to my support case but they sure as heckfire will try and spin bad pr !!! oh , ipv6 be the problem ? then why have my Motorola modem work perfectly the day after my Netgear modem fail ? maybe Motorola make a better product than Netgear . or maybe my isp temporarily switch to ipv6 and then wait until I call to tell they I buy a Motorola modem and immediately switch back to ipv4 so the Motorola modem work . Hmmm ... I wonder ?
CableModem	POS	5	I have Comcast xfinity . I disconnect my old modem , connect this modem , and then `` re-plugged '' my wireless router . a Comcast installation screen appear on my laptop when I open Explorer . you need you Comcast account number -lrb- on you bill -rrb- , I follow the step , and it work great . I do not need they , but I be keep the number on the bottom of the box .
CableModem	NEU	3	unfortunately , I do not get a better wireless router . I have a D-Link 625 with a booster antenna . I expect this unit to give I more wireless range . it do not , in fact the range be pretty disappointing . I be hope I could my booster antenna on this unit , but there be no connector . the cable modem work fine .
CableModem	POS	4	this be fairly easy to install but the first one I receive keep disconnect . after hour on the phone with Motorola and my cable provider , I return it and get a new one . I have the cable company handle the installation and it work very well . no disconnect and very fast on the speed test .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this cable modem from Amazon several week ago to replace a old one supply by the cable company . it be very easy to install and work great without any problem . the advantage be that I no longer have to rent the modem from the cable company and Amazon have the best all around price .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this particular modem base on some on-line research . my old modem be a DOCSIS 1.0 modem therefore limit to 12mp of download . I decide to upgrade to a DOCSIS 2.0 modem to gain more speed . this modem fit the bill as far as speed and value . I have be use it for over a month and it have function normally . I have use other Linksys product and be very satisfied with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I order this to replace my Comcast xfinity modem that I have be rent every month . when it arrive I simply contact Comcast and provide the number on the modem to have they connect it to the internet . this save I $ 8 a month now and pay for itself . the internet also seem it I be quicker and I rarely have to reset the modem , unlike the Comcast one . I have have this modem for a few month now .
CableModem	POS	4	if you be have problem with set-up skip to paragraph five . have Comcast internet and telephone service -lrb- no tv -rrb- . order the Motorola sb6121 to replace the Comcast modem and save $ 7 per month and a few day later order the Oomo Telo box from Amazon to replace the Comcast telephone service and save another bundle . start by call Comcast to give they the information they need to activate the modem . the tech then tell I that I have to have the Comcast modem to have Comcast phone service . for I that be no problem as I just have to wait until my exist phone number be switch over -lrb- `` port '' -rrb- to the new service -lrb- one to two week -rrb- before install the sb6121 modem . Fine . two week later : ok , now to install the modem . while some reviewer seem to sail through a plug and play type process in a mater of minute and come up smile , many seem to run into real problem . I unfortunately end up with the later . some just apparently throw up they hand and return the modem to sender . do not do it . I stay with it . hopefully my experience will put you over with the come up smile guy . it literally take I all day . while Comcast 800 line people be patient and try , they be of little help . number one , I talk to three different tech ... that be after wade through the phone tree three time and wait on hold up to 20 minute each time . and two trip to the local Comcast office . each of course come from they own perspective and none know what the other have say . none of course could slide into my chair and hand on see-and-solve . throw in Comcast 's confusing terminology , and the seemingly unnecessary activation screen the company deem necessary for `` activate '' the modem and ... after five hour and the last tech , who tell I he screen show the modem be activate , I decide that if I be ever go to get the modem to work , I would have to figure it out for myself . then I do what I probably should have do in the first place . I haul the spaghetti pile of cable and hardware out of the cabinet , and disconnect everything right to the cable entrance at the wall . then I hook up the sb6121 modem to the cable , run the ethernet cable from the modem directly to a desktop computer -lrb- bypass the router ! -rrb- , plug in the computer , start the computer , and try to go online . it work ! the modem be activate , and it work ! so then I start over , connect first the modem , then the router , then the computer , plug in each , one at a time , modem-router-computer , only later add the Oomo Telo box and 2nd computer to the router when I know everything be work and work well . the Motorola sb6121 modem work like a charm . you 'll love it . ... we will not talk about the cable company -lrb- : Motorola could have help immensely by include in its instruction sheet the most basic of trouble-shooting information . could save some buyer 's hour ... and Motorola a lot of unnecessary return . for that , only four star .
CableModem	POS	5	have to upgrade to a DOCSIS 3.0 modem when my cable company decide to cancel the grandfather 2.0 modem so I pick up this guy as I have always have good luck with Motorola modem and this be no different . install without a problem and we technician be in and out in 10 minute . I do not see any increase in bandwidth , but that it due to have the cheapest package option and not due to the modem . would recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	I have only use this modem with the Comcast network thus far in the 2 apartment that I have live in this year -lrb- south Florida resident -rrb- - so far , no problem , no hassle . Modem have steadily maintain the always-on connection and be connect to my trusty  Cisco-Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G Router  upload and download speed be fine - torrent download fairly quickly , be able to stream hulu with no problem . overall , extremely reliable and a great value . it be a great alternative to the steady $ 5\/month rental fee Comcast put in you cable bill for they Motorola modem - and I be fairly certain that I have never have to do the `` unplug-wait-replug '' cycle to restart a connection - which I have to do a lot with the Motorola surfboard modem that I have from they previously . highly recommend .
CableModem	POS	4	I buy this modem to replace my cable modem . this modem work great . the installation be very simple and easy . and since then I have have no problem .
CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this modem because it seem to be well-reviewed and compatible with Comcast . it seem like a preferable alternative to pay $ 7\/month to rent a modem from Comcast . unfortunately , it do not work . upon reboot , it would take 10-15 minute to establish a link with Comcast . my Comcast subscription include 15mbp service , but this modem be only allow download at about 80kbp , if it be work at all . I purchase a sb6120 , and it connect in 1 minute and be average 16-18mbp for download . from what I understand from read around about this modem , the sb6121 be far less tolerant of signal issue -lrb- noise , weak signal -rrb- than older one . maybe the wiring in my apartment be not ideal . either way , the sb6121 do not work for I .
CableModem	POS	5	receive modem before due date , and the price be right ! it be easy to install and setup with Comcast within minute . I have have it for 3 week and have see zero hiccup so far .
CableModem	POS	5	this product take 5 minute to install . I replace my exist splitter and my hd Channel that be come in at 60 % jump to 95 % . I be receive most channel well , but CBS be come and go . now I get CBS and other channel that I do not know even exist .
CableModem	POS	5	linksy cm100 Cable Modem with usb and Ethernet Connections  . now that I own my own it will save I big buck in the future . this be a great item , easily setup and work like a charm . I would suggest this ; especially if you rent one from you cable company .
CableModem	POS	4	this cable modem have the highest compatibility rating with Comcast -lrb- http:\/\/mydeviceinfo.comcast.net\/ -rrb- , so I be not surprise that it work fine with Comcast Cable Internet . other than the led be a little too bright and distracting I could find no fault with it . whether you should buy this or not have little to do with the modem itself but rather whether it be worth it . you can rent a cable modem from most cable company for $ 5-7 a month . do the math , that be 11 month rent the modem for you to break even . consider that the DOCSIS standard have change only three time since 1997 , chance be the modem be good for many year . so , if you be plan on stay with cable internet for a year or more it be probably worth invest in one . however , if you own cable modem die , you 'll have to buy another one whereas , if you be rent , you 'll get a replacement for free . since most cable contract be for a year or more , invest in one of these seem to be a good idea . just make sure you cable company be not charge you for the rental of the cable modem when you be use you own .
CableModem	NEG	1	have I find this comcast forum post at -lrb- ... -rrb- , I would not have buy dpc3008 . Cisco DPC3000 work fine earlier . now , I have no support for resolve drop connection issue with this dpc3008 . Comcast keep reset and tell no log of any disconnection activity . Cisco on the other hand be not tell what be with the firmware that people be talk on the Comcast forum . both company need to figure out the fix to this problem soon . update -lrb- April 18 2012 -rrb- : Comcast revert back the firmware build date to Aug 11 2011 and it fix the drop connection issue . definitely , this would change my opinion on the product to excellent .
CableModem	POS	4	Linksys CM100 , be a good product and installation be pretty simple and straight forward and have be perform to satisfaction .
CableModem	NEU	3	buy a better modem and it be too much of a hassle to return it to the vendor who I would not purchase from again .
CableModem	POS	5	I get this to replace my old modem which be still on lease from Comcast and be at end of life . the sb6121 be easy to set up , and have be work great ever since it be install . ship be very fast , and the modem arrive sooner than the delivery estimate . I would purchase this modem again if I need a replacement .
CableModem	POS	5	arrive quickly . Works great . just plug in and call Comcast . give they the number off the box and it work great . save I 5 buck a month .
CableModem	POS	5	if you want the best , you have to be willing to pay for quality . between buy this and change provider my speed , reliability and gaming have greatly improve .
CableModem	NEG	2	I have grow to be a fan of Linksys \/ Cisco product s for a while . I keep get call from Comcast state that my current purchase cable modem be no longer support , and they would be happy to send I a new one free of charge , but of course , add the $ 7 per month rental charge . I work out of my home and have notice my VOIP call , and download be not as fast as they should have be after I analyze my current system . I go ahead and purchase this product due to it be a Cisco product , and it be certify by Comcast . after receive the product , I run with the modem for almost a month and speed down and up be fantastic . my voip call be clearer , and streaming and video call be much smoother . however , I notice that the modem would randomly drop the signal , and re-synch up again . the modem be in a open area , so I new it be not a heat issue , nor do the unit ever become hot . I call Cisco support , who direct I to Comcast support , as they claim it be a firmware issue that Comcast would manage . I check online , and in the Comcast forum , I find other who also have the same issue . the current firmware release from January 2012 be the issue , and the only solution be for Comcast to roll-back the firmware to a August 2011 release . after almost 10 contact -lrb- phone or chat support -rrb- with Comcast to report the issue and direct they to they own forum , the firmware be never roll back , and the issue do not go away . I have to inevitably send the product back to and replace with a surfboard sb6121 . it be a alright modem so far , but upload speed not so good as upload be only bond to one channel . I 'll report back if something go wrong with this new modem .
CableModem	POS	5	Great Price , Easy Setup , and it be exactly what I be need . I be happy with my purchase in the Motorola sb6121
CableModem	POS	5	product arrive ahead of schedule today , 7\/5\/12 , and it be very easy to contect . I can not believe how fast the product deliver base a schedule of 7\/6\/12 to 7\/12\/12 . I be really please with the speed of this modem . I would certainly recommend this model .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this about a month ago because I be sick of rent one ffrom Comcast for $ 7\/month or whatever they be ; plug it in and it work , no issue to date . internet do seem somewhat slow ... though I do not think that have anything to do with modem specifically .
CableModem	NEG	1	I would not buy Zoom again ! we purchase this unit - start out ok , then six\/seven month later zoom push out a update through we internet provider , put the unit into vapor lock ! they customer service be really bad here - take 24 to 48 hour -lrb- m-f only -rrb- to get they to send you the e-form to fill out in order to get a rma # -lrb- so I can pay to ship it back to repair they screw up -rrb- , 2-4 day shipping , 5-10 day for repair , 2-4 day shipping -lrb- if they decide I do not do something to the unit -rrb- so three week later I can get internet back !!
CableModem	POS	5	buy this item to replace my old modem . I have comcast cable connection and this modem -lrb- docsis 3.0 -lrb- boost my speed from 6 mbp to 25 mbp ! I be very happy with it . nice packing and it be a easy set up . just plug the modem in to the cable . call comcast and tell they you have new modem hook up and they will take care in few minute you will be online .
CableModem	POS	5	receive the unit fast and come in great condition . no issue and be easy to setup . keep in mind you will need to call Comcast after connect the unit and give they the MAC address to connect it on they side .
CableModem	POS	5	my cable provider upgrade we local cable service to DOCSIS 3.0 and the Motorola surfboard sb6121 be the top choice on they list of compatible modem . we have not be disappoint . it have work like a champ .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem work great with my Comcast internet . Comcast service technician complete the setup so I can not vouch for ease of setup , but unit have work flawlessy for several month . I have not need to reset the modem even once .
CableModem	POS	4	use this with WOW cable network internet service . save my 5 buck a month . one significant issue however . even though the first rep I talk to before i buy it , say I could use ANY DOCSIS 3.0 modem with WOW , when I go to have it authorize with they a couple of week later , the first person I talk to say they could not do it with the number I give they off the outside of the unit . he say they computer be not accept what I give he . he tell I to hook it up , open up the modem menu on the computer and get I different number , or to call motorolum and have they help I , or both . which I do . after the call to motorlum I get some new number to give the WOW people . of course , the new number do not work . fortunately this second wow operator seem to know more than the first kid and indeed , manage to make the FIRST number I give she from the outside of the unit work . I do not know the detail or how , I be not a techie , she just make it work and say she be sorry for waste my time with all the other garbage and the call to motorolum , etc. . apparently this unit be so new , that the number on outside of the unit be not immediately recognize by they system as a acceptable modem and she have to manually sort of `` force '' the system to take they . I do not really know . maybe it be some sort of voodoo magic , but she make it work after some significant time futse around on she end . she say the 6120 , the older version of this unit be immediately recognizable to they system and she be do load of they in a matter of seconds . so , my advice to you , especially if you be a WOW customer , be to get the damn older unit , the 6120 and make it easier on yourself and you WOW rep. now it work just fine . so all be good in my little corner of Ohio . it be just a pain in the butt to activate it .
CableModem	NEG	1	pro : it be very easy to setup . con : after a couple of week usage , the speed drop so much that most of the time I be wait for the web page to load if not totally lose the signal . conclusion : this be the worst cable modem I ever use . do not buy it .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a cable come in to a internet router , and I want to split it to a television . this be easy to set up and work great ! it be a little freaky hook up the power cable -lrb- use coax cable -rrb- -lrb- not supply -rrb- , but the signal strength to the hd tv be strong , and I have not notice any adverse issue with the internet .
CableModem	POS	5	order this from a list that Comcast -lrb- ISP -rrb- provide . buy from Amazon , and arrive as expect . hook it up , call Comcast , and have they provision it . it have be a month , and it work great . no hiccup , no downtime , no fuss . base on the rental that Comcast be charge , payback be less than 1 year .
CableModem	POS	5	I get a letter from Comcast tell I my modem be out of date and I need to upgrade it . I do some research , find this modem which be on Comcast 's list of suggest modem , and order it . after it arrive , I swap out my old modem with this one , call Comcast customer support , and within 15 minute I be back online . it be easy to install and I be happy with the purchase .
CableModem	POS	5	I have internet service thru Charter , and purchase this modem to replace the Charter rental unit . it be easy to install , and come with everything I need .
CableModem	POS	5	the set-up be easy , a no brainer . I can now surf at faster speed that Comcast have upgrade I to .
CableModem	POS	5	Linksys DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem -lrb- dpc3008-cc -rrb-  plug it in , call Comcast to give they the number , and be surf . love it ! and no more $ 7 monthly rental fee !!
CableModem	POS	5	Modem work great with Comcast . I upgrade from a fail sb5100 . connection be very stable with 25 mbp download\/4mbps upload speed . it be very easy to setup without a call to Comcast . it take about 10 minute to complete the configuration of the new modem . here be what I do : 1 -rrb- power down computer , modem and router , if you use one . 2 -rrb- disconnect cable that go to old modem . 3 -rrb- connect internet cable to new modem . 4 -rrb- connect a ethernet cable from modem to computer . there be one supply with modem . 5 -rrb- power on new modem and wait for all four light to stop flash , this might take a while . 6 -rrb- Start computer and open up you internet browser . the browser will go to the xfinity configuration page automatically . 7 -rrb- if you be already a xfinity customer hit the blue login link . if you be a new customer fill in you account number and phone number . 8 -rrb- follow the online instruction to complete the new modem activation . 9 -rrb- once you establish a internet connection you be do . if you be use a wireless router continue with this : 1 -rrb- power off the computer and modem . 2 -rrb- disconnect ethernet cable from modem to computer . 3 -rrb- plug in the ethernet cable from modem to router . 4 -rrb- power on modem and wait for all the light to stop flash . 5 -rrb- power on router . 6 -rrb- power on you computer and you be do .
CableModem	POS	5	I have some choice in select a cable modem . I choose the zoom 5341j for its combination of size -lrb- small -rrb- and price . not only be the price great , the shipping be fast as well . the product arrive safely , just as advertise . I would do this again .
CableModem	POS	5	we own a big house that be now a Bed and Breakfast . there be eight television and a lot of cable go to they ! the long cable to multiple television make for weak signal strength reception . the Motorola Signal Booster be now provide great digital quality to every part of the house ! I be more than please with the booster !
CableModem	POS	5	First of all this cable modem work with cox.net cox communication at 25mb down i be get download speed of 3.2 mb\/s and 6.4 mb\/s it work great buy it
CableModem	POS	5	this modem be smaller compare to the old motorolum sb5101 . take I less than 15 minute to be on the phone with Comcast to activate it . I give they MAC id and s\/n which be print on the quick start guide . as for speed , I be get 36mbp down compare to 20mbp with old modem . could not be happier to upgrade my modem !
CableModem	POS	5	i need to up date my whole wireless system for the house this be the perfect start piece for a overhaul . awesome modem
CableModem	POS	5	Easy set up and great performance . I be use it with Comcast Extreme 50 service and I be see consistently fast performance peak about 60mb down and 12mb up . Wireless coverage throughout we home be very good . I be run several wire and wireless connection simultaneously and have not see a single glitch so far . very please with it .
CableModem	POS	5	definitely beat pay 8 buck a month under Comcast . as long as you know the modem be compatible for you provider\/plan , it be the way to go . Works as intended and I have have no problem !
CableModem	POS	5	I get tire of pay Comcast to lease a old modem and decide the pay-back would be good . Modem work well . take a short while of talk to support to get service work again , but it be not hard . chose this one because it be the highest rate one by Comcast that be ipv6 and DOCSIS 3.0 compatible .
CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem work as expect . of course , it support the datum rate that my service provide which be 30 mbp downlink .
CableModem	POS	5	my old Motorola Surfboard 8200 die after a good 10 year run and I need another one . this modem have good online review and a reasonable price at Amazon . it install easily , although the instruction be a bit short and slightly vague about the signal light meaning . however it work fine and my system be up and run again . I would recommend this item for anyone who need a DOCSIS 3 level modem .
CableModem	POS	4	this router replace a older one I have . I do have some difficulty set it up at first . however , it be fine now and work well . affordable .
CableModem	POS	5	it work great , it work well with Comcast and be what they recommend\/lease out so that be perfect for I and it come out to be cheaper to buy it instead of lease it . this be definitely the cheapest you 'll come across so I recommend it from amazon .
CableModem	POS	5	I have nothing bad to say about this product . it be very easy to install and require minimal effort to connect it all up . Comcast come to install my internet and the registration process be painless .
CableModem	POS	5	setup seem easy enough . call Comcast and feed they the mac address . the light go into action and I be up and run in no time . look like we enjoy higher internet speed with comcast -lrb- although they customer service be terrible -rrb- . glad to have this modem which support gigabit speed .
CableModem	POS	5	buy this unit as it be on the recommend list of Comcast . better to buy the unit then pay Comcast $ 7\/month to lease it . many positive review . hook it up to my Netgear router , contact Comcast and give they the number require for they to activate . up in run in less than 30 minute . highly recommend .
CableModem	POS	5	instead of lease a modem from my cable provider at 5 buck a month , I decide to buy a factory refurbish cm100 for 20 buck . I get it three day after I order it , install it , and within minute I be on the internet . it be be up for a month now , 24-7 . no complaint yet . Update : it be be up for over 16 month now , no problem . perhaps the best 20 buck I have ever spend .
CableModem	POS	5	even with a decent surge protector , my separate Netgear modem and Belkin router -lrb- both recent purchase -rrb- would need reboot after even brief power blip . and the wifi signal be weak . I be tell a combo unit would help , so go for this all-in-one unit . right out of the box , have no problem hook up and put in the wifus password . no need to use install disc . BUT , do have problem with Charter Comm 's try to complete the install . multiple try with they online `` modem replacement '' program be futile , and it take several try to get through on the phone . when I finally get a human on the line , all he need be the new Mac number and the rest of the install go quickly . strength of wifus and speed greatly improve over last system . now just wait on power blip to see what happen .
CableModem	POS	5	I have CHARTER and I replace my old sb4200 with the new sb6121 . it take about 10-15 minute and I be able to do it over Charter 's automated service . the step I follow : 1 -rrb- Goto -lrb- ... -rrb- and take the speed test a few time . 2 -rrb- make connection on new sb6121 and then connect power . by connection I be refer to whatever you have setup already on you old modem -lrb- router or direct connect to pc -rrb- . 3 -rrb- after new modem boots-up launch pc browser . it should take you directly to Charter install page , but if you be like I it do not - so manually paste this address into you browser -lrb- ... -rrb- 4 -rrb- follow self-help option to replace you cable modem . enter account number off you billing statement and you old MAC address . 5 -rrb- when it be complete it say it will `` attempt '' to reboot you modem to complete the installation process . I wait 5 minute and it never do so I power cycle the modem myself . when the new modem power on it do finally work . internet service will not work until the unit have be reboot so do not skip that step ! 6 -rrb- Goto -lrb- ... -rrb- and take the speed test a few time ... compare result to you old modem .
CableModem	POS	5	my Motorola modem would lose connection intermittently , sometimes for extended period of time . have comcast visit and address problem with line into house and within my house . still have problem with Motorola Surfboard modem . Have have zero issue with this modem .
CableModem	POS	4	Compact , small , lightweight , this modem function well . setup be easy -lrb- I do have to contact my internet provider -rrb- . my only quibble be that it lack a power shutoff button , so I leave it on all the time -lrb- be I to be go a extended time period , I would disconnect power -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	I buy this to replace a less than stellar Motorola . man , I should have do this sooner . this be much faster . Easy to install - unpacked it , hook it up , turn it on and then make a single call to Cox Cable support and I be up and run .
CableModem	POS	5	I receive it , plug it in and connect the cable . next I take my rental modem back to the cable company , give they the Mac address from the new modem and I be up and run . the modem I have through the cable company -lrb- Charter -rrb- be a DOCSIS 1.1 Motorola . I be far from reach the speed I be pay for with the they modem . this cm100 modem make a definite speed improvement over the Moto modem I be rent and I do not have to pay the monthly rental fee . over all it do what it be suppose to . the led for the display be not overly bright and annoying like the Motorola modem display . it can be wall mount . it look nicer in person than it do in the photo . it can be hook up with a ethernet cable or usb . I be kind of leary about buy it because of the problem I have have with multiple linksy router . there be only so many time a person can reset a device before they want to throw it across the room . I go to a trendnet wireless n router a couple of year ago and I have not have to reset it once . but anyways , ... back to the modem ! I have not have any problem with the modem at all or lose connection require reset . this modem be a DOCSIS 2.0 which should work fine for internet speed up to the lower 40 's . if you have faster service than that I would look for a DOCSIS 3.0 .
CableModem	POS	5	just want to send a warn out there for people like I who be not tech savvy with modem - I find out the hard and long way that this modem will not work if you have Comcast internet and telephone . it only have a cable jack and a Ethernet jack -lrb- the Ethernet cable be the cable that run from you computer or router to the modem -rrb- . for Comcast voice , you need a telephony cable modem that have a cable jack , Ethernet jack , and a phone jack . I discover after a visit to fry that 99.9 % of the cable modem do not have phone jack - 3 of the 4 salespeople I speak with have never even hear of one have a phone jack . however , the best buy that have a Comcast installation center in they do sell the special telephony cable modem -lrb- brand be Arris -rrb- , but it cost $ 150 . I be sure I could have find one cheaper online , but I be pretty do with it by then . the rental fee for the Arris modem through Comcast be $ 7 a month . it would take over 21 month of rental fee to pay off the $ 150 price , and by then something new would be on the market . so I just bite the bullet and rent from Comcast . Hope this info save someone else a day of frustration .
CableModem	NEG	1	have Comcast come out to install internet and could not get this modem to recognize the signal . return and will buy a different model . weird that this be a recommend model by Comcast if so many people have issue with it . oh well .
CableModem	POS	5	I use previosly the modem model 5041 over 5 year already . there be issue with connection at first time , but it be solve when I call to my provider -lrb- Comcast by the way -rrb- . since then I never have any problem with this equipment . I would keep it till it die of the old age but on Dec 14 2009 Comcast upgrade its network so I have to pick new modem from they approve list of modem for 3 day before of marked day . I check review and pick the ZOOM 5241 . I have wireless router -lrb- linksy 54g -rrb- connect to my 5241 . what do I do for setup . 1 . Unplugged old modem from power , coaxial and router , 2 . plug new modem 5241 to he power adapter , coaxial cable and router -lrb- with rj45 connector -rrb- , 3 . Lunched Internet browser -lrb- firefox or ie -rrb- , 4 . I get Comcast page with instruction automatically -lrb- it would not let go for another until setup be do -rrb- , 5 . follow technician instruction -lrb- which not require any special skill -rrb- , 6 . enter my current account number and Comcast show I all my datum include physical and mac address . I do not plug in directly from modem to pc . at first Comcast do not pass linksy . I just ignore it and `` run diagnostic '' -lrb- which be just a button -rrb- again . everything be set up automatically . after too reboot I get perfect connection wire and wireless . download speed jump up dramatically . PS . one week later . zoom 5241 work now with renew Comcast network very good . however once I lose connection but because of the my LinkSys 54g wireless router . after I hit reset button on it I get all my connection back . so it be a linksys issue . right now zoom + Linksys work flawlessly . and I notice that download speed go up about 10 time faster -lrb- Limewire from 15-24 kb to 200-500 kb - 250 average -rrb- . well 5041 be useless for Comcast IP for today anyway but 5241 work perfect . I pick mine in Fry 's Electronics with describe above characteristic for $ 54 . good luck 2 year later . the Zoom modem still work without problem . however , LinkSys wireless transmission become unstable . it be possibly that it happen because of em interference . I switch 54g to Linksys e1500 . it work now so far so good . two month later . the Linksys e1500 router refuse to work . I have long conversation with Cisco , follow they instruction , and they agree that it be defective . so , I return it . ironically , the old router LinkSys 54G , which I try again , suddenly start to work without loose a signal . anyway , the modem be still on and never fail .
CableModem	POS	4	no problem for 2 month now . cheaply build , but work well . it arrive on time and work with Comcast internet provider .
CableModem	POS	5	have this item over a month , no issue - completely compatible with Comcast 's Infinity\/Net service . shipment arrive as describe , on time , and just what we be expect . item pay for itself in less than 10 month if you compare the price to the rental fee impose by Comcast . a + so far !
CableModem	POS	5	Modem work as expect - I first shut down the computer , router , and modem . I then plug in the modem and it lock the signal , then plug in the router and turn on the pc . when I open the browser , I be present with the webpage to authenticate the new modem with my phone number and account with Comcast . within 10 minute I be up and run . I highly recommend this modem to anyone as Comcast be charge I $ 7\/month on my exist Arris modem . my connection with Comcast be the extreme 105 and the speedtest be identical to what I be get before -lrb- 115 mbp dl\/11 Mbps UL -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	I have to send this one back because it be the wrong one . I be not tell which model I need from my internet provider -lrb- Brighthouse - Roadrunner High speed internet -rrb- , I be just tell I need a DOCSIS 3.0 modem . after I hook this one up -lrb- very easy -rrb- and call Brighthouse to activate it , that be when I find out I have the wrong one . I actually need the sb6141 model , so I re-order from Amazon and it hook up -lrb- again , very easy -rrb- and call Brighthouse again and be up and run within 15 minute . very pleased and no more rental fee .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a speed problem with the isp and I could fix with this new Motorola sb6121 surfboard unit DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem , I recommend it 100 % , I be very satisfied with the product - : -rrb-
CableModem	POS	5	Works great . come with zero instruction or manual book , so I be confuse for a minute before realize that all you need to do be plug it for it to work . fast !
CableModem	POS	5	the modem arrive as schedule and work perfectly . I like it better than the Motorola modem because it lay flat , whereas the Motorola modem stand upright .
CableModem	POS	4	very easy to set-up . only have to call comcast to notify of change and they ask for some info , like serial # model # etc. . . Works Great .
CableModem	POS	5	this amp be great . it boost the pathetic signal I get in my main tv viewing room from my cable company and it allow I to split the signal so I can use the picture-in-picture aspect of my tv for the first time . it truly be a great , solid , high quality , well engineer product !
CableModem	POS	5	this product provide a strong signal throughout the whole house . Easy setup with Comcast internet . I have two computer , one printer , and several mobile device that feed off the modem\/router . I would say that my router be subpar , so the modem must be do a good job .
CableModem	POS	5	fantastic product . everything as advertised and then some . very happy with purchase . Easy installation - no problem at all . careful - you will need to call Comcast to register the modem . bandwidth more than enough for all my video application and many device use the wireless router simultaneously . do not need reboot occasionally as some other router require under heavy loading .
CableModem	POS	5	I be glad I find this product . I be about to purchase a new outdoor antenna and be consider all new wiring for my off-air antenna that feed into the DirecTV Receiver . I have be have trouble receive the PBS station -lrb- typically only receive 0-25 percent signal -rrb- . when I install this Motorola Signal Booster last week , my signal immediately jump to 55-60 percent . that seem to be plenty as it have eliminate my pixelation and audio dropout problem .
CableModem	POS	4	plug and play - connect the wire and it work right the first time with no setting what so ever . no drop connection or interruption like my old cable modem . the only glitch be status page that stop work after few day . you 'll need to reset modem to get it back . I be expect better quality from Linksys .
CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this to avoid pay $ 7\/month rental to Verizon - at $ 80 , this will pay for itself in 1 year . the installation be easy , but I have to contact Verizon and provide they with information about this modem so that they could configure my account . the direction actually state that the cable supplier may need information about the modem so I give they credit because direction for computer equipment be usually pretty poor . I have have this about 1 month and the it have work well ; as stable as the modem I be rent from Verizon .
CableModem	POS	5	I move into a new home which have seven cable outlet in different room . one of the bedroom I turn into a office but the problem be that I only have one cable connection in the room . the connection do okay with either the cable modem or the hdtv but not with both connect . the cable modem would not connect with the tv connect to a splitter . I connect the amplifier and run one cable to the tv and the other to the cable modem . I cross my finger and plug it in ... now I have a great cable internet and hdtv signal , both from one cable connection . the only thing I have a problem with be the 13 day it take from the time I order until the time I receive the item , but that have nothing to do with the item itself .
CableModem	POS	5	this router be one of the two recommend by my cable provider . after my initial review , it be the best of the two . ship be fast and it correct the problem I have with my previous router . very happy with this router so far .
CableModem	POS	4	this cable modem may not be the fastest available but in the short tome I have be use it , it have be totally dependable for my high speed internet . that be the reason why I switch from dsl to cable . my Qwest dsl be never dependable .
CableModem	POS	5	this work great with Comcast . I be very pleased with the speed , performance and the easy installation . the size be just right . I hate big and bulky equipment .
CableModem	POS	5	I have not update my modem in quite a while , probably two year . these new DOCSIS 3.0 modem really make a difference . I have see a significant increase in internet speed . look nice and solid too .
CableModem	NEG	1	I do not know what to think . accord to all these great review , this router be suppose to walk on water . well , my connection suck ! you would think I have dial-up internet vs cable wireless . at certain point throughout the day , my connection be great . however 80-90 % of the day its very slow . I have a MAC MacBook pro . I can not have too many window open simultaneously . its only when I close window that my connection speed up . its awful . I be go to put this thing on eBay to recoup some of my $ 100 , and try another router before I totally give up on Comcast .
CableModem	POS	5	solid cable modem . now , i do not have to reset my modem every 4hr like my old motorolum .
CableModem	POS	5	Works really well , I be not sure if it be I or how this be possible but my downstream speed have jump up by 10 mbp on average I go from a avg of 7-10 to 19-25 mbp . I connect the old modem just to test it out . nice and compact I love it , I sit it broadside down not like in picture .
CableModem	POS	5	nice ! with Comcast Tech on the phone , it take less than 10 minute to get it right . I suggest have you provider on the line as you setup , and plug thing in in correct order : cable , ether , then power . we do have to remove power to my Netgear WNDR3400v2 router for correct training and auth , once there , we power up the router and everything work within 2 minute ! I 'll update if any further issue .
CableModem	POS	5	I recently switch from dsl to high speed internet , basically from CenturyLink to Charter . while talk with the Charter rep , I manage to find the listing of all the modem that they lease out and come across this beauty . I decline to lease this modem from they , as they want $ 7 a month , so you basically buy two of these modem over the course of a two year contract . so this be a no-brainer and I buy it . the technician that come out be surprise to see this modem while hook everything up as the DOCSIS 2.0 modem can not handle very high speed , and this be where the DOCSIS 3.0 come in . I be download speed up to 50 mbp now . I just have to change my wireless router setting to DHCP and the DOCSIS 3.0 take over and I be on my way to the high speed superhighway ! I do not have to go into the modem GUI to mess with any setting either . so basically I hook this up from the coax cable in the wall , feed a cat6 cable from it to my wireless dual band router , set my router to DHCP , and everything on my network instantly have connection . its worth the money if you be look to get speed of over 30mbp to you home and lease one from the cable company be just a waste of money in my opinion .
CableModem	POS	5	Perfect . Works as advertise . Works with Comcast . give I a 10mb boost over my old 2.0 modem with no change in service .
CableModem	POS	5	just work like the rental cisco cable modem I get from Comcast . no issue of connection drop\/reset as describe by other people in review . till now I feel definitely worth get and escape the expensive rental cost
CableModem	POS	4	out of nowhere , I be have excruciatingly slow internet speed on Comcast . the Comcast tech advise that my Motorola sb 4100 be at the `` end of life '' and that I should upgrade . skeptical , I purchase this modem which be a DOCSIS 3.0 -lrb- and backwards compatible -rrb- modem . it work . I go from a 2mbp download speed to over 17mbp . what a difference . there be one installation glitch that you need to be aware of . when you hook up the modem -lrb- connect the coax cable , connect the ethernet cable , and plug it in , that be it -rrb- , and then try to get online , it will direct you to a Comcast self-activation screen -lrb- no other site be available -rrb- . after enter my account number and phone number and hit the `` next '' button , I get a blank screen , and nothing happen . so I call Comcast and they say that usually happen if you be do a upgrade ; it mostly work only for a new service connection . however , it be a simple matter to give the tech you MAC address and the serial number . after about 5 minute , while he stay on the line , it come alive , no problem . BUT , here be the thing : the serial number they need be the customer serial number . this be only find on the bottom of the Motorola box the modem come in . this be different from the `` s\/n '' serial number that be on the label that be on the instruction sheet and on the bottom of the modem itself . the customer s\/n have letter in it ; the regular S\/N have only number in it and be too long . my first Comcast tech do not know that and it take a day to sort it out . other than that , it work well with my iMac and Apple Airport Extreme Base wireless router . enjoy
CableModem	NEG	1	buy it for my the comcast cable internet . Comcast have certify this . and the box in which this come boldly display the certify by comcast mark . but it barely work I keep have trouble like lose connection and finally one day it completely stop work . the Comcast technician who visit my place tell I many other people face the same problem with this one but Comcast refuse to officially remove this from the list of certified modem . finally now I be use a surfboard and it do not have any problem .
CableModem	POS	5	this product work for we as describe . be doci 3.0 , speedtest.net report 25mbps\/7mbps - much faster than before . communication be good after place the order and the shipping be prompt . I would recommend the product and the vendor to anyone .
CableModem	NEU	3	just get this modem over a week ago . functionally it work great with good speed - 25mbp downlink and 4mbp uplink . the only problem I have happen about every other day be that one of the bond uplink channel get a `` t4 time out '' error and from that point forward I can not get more than 1mbp uplink until I reboot the modem . I have talk to Comcast but they be clueless . I have file a question with Motorola but no answer yet . unfortunately , other than basic status information , log and reset - the modem do not have any other debug or configuration capability . it be all do on the Comcast side . if the issue do not get resolve soon , I will be return the modem and go back to my old one -lrb- also Motorola -rrb- .
CableModem	POS	5	a + + for this modem . Works well with my Comcast internet connection . have be use it for almost a month now . so far , so good . my internet connection speed be faster with this modem .
CableModem	POS	5	after read another review about this product , I be think about not purchase it . I have a linksys e1000 router that I be concern that it would be compatible . I purchase this modem and talk someone through the install over the phone . once install and configure by Charter , it work great . we originally have connect the usb to the computer and get nearly 25mb speed . I connect the linksy e1000 and have speed slowdown issue . I upgrade the firmware and get good enough speed for what I be do . I chalk it up to the Linksys have problem and not the Motorola Modem .
CableModem	POS	4	Works better than the cable co supply modem and pay for itself in less than one year . have work well so far .
CableModem	POS	5	this little modem make my home system rock ! ... i could see a change in the efficiency and speed that i now know right out of the box ! i too read other review from other consumer and look like everyone that i talk with also recommend this modem ... . . I like it ! ... ... BMW
CableModem	NEG	1	it work find for 30 day and then suddenly fail without warning . I replace it with a Motorola cable modem .
CableModem	POS	5	I daytrade so I need a reliable , fast modem and this be it . have the router a few week and it be great . good reception with a strong wifus signal throughout a 2 story 2600 sqft . house . you may need to make a few tweak for you internet provider and here they be . 1 -rrb- use this if you be have slow download\/upload speed or in my case over 65 % packet loss on a ping test . you can check you dl & ul speed here -lrb- speedtest -lrb- dot -rrb- net -rrb- and test for packet loss here -lrb- pingtest -lrb- dot -rrb- net -rrb- . login to the router gateway use 192.168.0.1 and you can find you username and pass in you instruction manual . once in click Firewall at the top , then web Filter on the side panel . toward the bottom of the page uncheck `` IP Flood detection '' and click apply . 2 -rrb- some people have report a drop wifus signal after a few day of use . this be generally cause by interference from other wireless signal in the area . to fix this login to you gateway again . this time click on Wireless at the top then radio on the side panel . Change you control Channel # to any of the number 1-11 list then click apply . if you be still get a drop signal after the change then switch to another channel until you signal be constant . by default the Control Channel be set to auto which be suppose to automatically switch channel when the router detect interference but this do not always work so well . these two item tend to be the biggest issue with this router . once you get it setup right it should be clear sailing .
CableModem	NEG	1	I be a tech for a cable company and have install literally hundred of modem and I now see why we will not deal with Motorola anymore . the modem do ' t work right out of the package . it look like I will go with a Cisco or Zoom .
CableModem	POS	5	this item help complete a yard sale purchase we obtain . it work perfectly to get the cable modem back up and run . thanks for the prompt and quick service .
CableModem	NEU	3	I order the use Netgear cable modem so I do not have to keep pay the monthly Comcast lease charge . the modem arrive just five day after I order it via priority mail from California to my home in Massachusetts , which make I happy . but as soon as I receive the box I notice the contents be rattle around inside . to my surprise and alarm , there be no packing material in the box when I open it . you would think the seller would pack the modem carefully to prevent any damage in transit , especially since it be a use modem . I intend to install the modem later today and I be hope it work properly . to be continue ... well , despite the modem be on Comcast 's approve modem list , the tech could not get it to register with they system . I be go to try again tomorrow and ask for a higher tier technician .
CableModem	POS	5	I absolutely refuse to pay for cable at two home so I do a bunch of research and decide that only hook up fast internet and then use Roku and the service at both home would be a better choice . however , I know nothing about modem and such so I have to read a whole lot of review and look up all the ComCast datum and such . hopefully , this will make it easier for anyone else like I who be also look to cut down on fee and buy a really good modem . hook up be super fast and since I have the tech come to do all the other set up , I do not do anything at all . BUT , it be very fast and it just need a single phone call , the number from the bottom of the box and then it be good to go . this modem be a very good one base on the ComCast table and get speed right at the maximum list for the service . that be really nice since I be use Amazon Prime Video , Netflix and HuluPlus for most of my viewing -lrb- along with a antenna for local channel -rrb- . no problem with picture or sound and I run my computer at the same time . the light on it be a little bit bright so that might be a consideration if you be look to put this in the bedroom . I find they quite merry and do not mind they at all . also , unlike my cable modem at my main home , this one be not blaze hot all the time . this get a touch warm , but not scary hot like my other one . overall , I do think this do just what it should and it do it well . and I be not pay $ 7 a month for the rental fee ! bonus .
CableModem	POS	5	I have have this rmodem for about 6 month now and I be very happy with it . it be literally a plug and play with my Comcast internet . I be able to plug the modem in , follow the step in my browser and I be up and run . you 'll just need to have you Comcast info handy when you set up this -lrb- or any other -rrb- modem . not have to call tech support and relay they the serial number , ect ect be a big plus . also , the lack of the $ 7 a month modem fee be nice as well . in a few more month , this modem will start pay for itself . one slight oddity I notice vs the older surfboard modem : no more blinking light to denote traffic . all the light be solid . you will get a blinking orange light if you have DOCSIS 3.0 available in you area . that be not relate to any internet traffic ; it just blink on its own . all in all , very happy . Easy to setup , solid performance . I have not have to do a thing since I plug it in back in February .
CableModem	POS	5	upgrade from charter 's modem , motorolum sb5101 to this modem . charter 30mb download 3mb upload internet package . i be get 20-22mb speed . i replace the 5101 with this modem and test several speed test site , speakeasy and charter own speed test . in the middle of the day on president day when a lot of people be home from work and probably on the internet more then a usual Monday . i be get 52-60mb download and 4-4 .5 mb upload . awsome speed . well worth the upgrade .
CableModem	POS	5	I have a  Motorola SB6120 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 eXtreme Broadband Cable Modem  not long after that I move and the modem work again . . Great must of only be that one place ... nope ! start to reset at my new place with Comcast . . Ok order this modem , which be use by Comcast and so far nothing but perfect internet connection . I get 22 Megabit DL connection , 4 ul . not a single reset or problem . at one point I do have a problem but it turn out to be my surge protector the cable be pass through . highly recommend !!
CableModem	POS	5	I receive the sb6121 in about 2 day with Amazon 's excellent packaging . hook-up be a snap until I get to assign the MAC number with Comcast . we try several time to sync the new modem with no success . I then take off my glass and use a magnifying glass on the MAC address tag . I then find that `` b '' be really a `` 8 '' , and `` D '' be really a `` 0 '' .  so much for the golden year . have I read the number correctly , syncing would have take about 3 minute . we do a quick test and I be pull over 21.0 meg . I go ahead and buy the 3.0 docsis to try to be ahead of the curve . this dummy have be pay rental rate for year and should clear the cost of the 6121 in a little over a year . excellent price , free shipping , and prior Motorola experience be all buy factor .
CableModem	POS	5	this ubee unit be Easy to use , although it do not come with any instruction I still find it pretty ease to figure out
CableModem	POS	5	before I purchase this modem , I do some research . I be not techy and be worry about buy something I could not use with Comcast , my internet provider . I call Comcast and they tell I this particular Motorola model -lrb- any model over `` 5000 '' -- related , apparently , to model number -rrb- would work . I look at post on techy site . some user have report trouble with activate they modem with Comcast . I , fortunately , do not run into trouble . I connect the modem -lrb- it be very easy -rrb- . I call Comcast . I provide they with the serial number -- and the `` hfc MAC ID '' number . both of which be located on the box the MODEM come in . I be tell the `` MAC ID '' number be what Comcast principally use to activate the modem through they system . so far , so good . it be easy to set up and be work as expect . and I love not give extra money to Comcast because I no longer rent they modem and router .
CableModem	NEU	3	buy this modem to gain access to higher speed Comcast service . and it work - for a while . so far , at least once a week , I must power cycle the modem which seem to get stick in some hose state from which it never recover with a 4 mbit downstream speed limit . immediately after restart it be 25mbit . look elsewhere .
CableModem	POS	5	Comcast be my isp . this cable modem be on Comcast 's approve list for all residential speed tier but be sure to check for yourself before order any modem . I have Performance internet tier and get about 21.5 mbp download and 3.8 mbp upload accord to speedtest.net . previously , I be get about 11 mbp download and 1.8 mbp upload use a old Motorola sb4100 . I have not have any problem with the modem overheating .
CableModem	POS	5	I replace a older modem with this one . after Comcast set they program for it , there be no problem . I would recommend it and would buy it again .
CableModem	NEG	1	my modem have many issue , it will randomly reboot throughout the day . when the modem decide to work it be great , but a lot of disconnect issue on the modem end . want to add Amazon let I return this item , buy a new one with Free 1 Day shipping . Modem be run as advertise now . thank you Amazon !!
CableModem	POS	5	replace a old linksy that finally die . this modem perform well , provide stable service and speed . we use comcast\/infinity isp . glad I choose this one .
CableModem	POS	4	I be able to call Comcast and get it register in they system for the internet to work . I have yet to try the internet though because it be be set up at my new home and no computer be on hand . the process be very easy -lrb- I have read some of the review on here ahead of time which help -rrb- . Comcast compatible so I be very happy about that . go to save $ 7 a month now . only thing left now be time -lrb- reason for 4 star rating and not 5 -rrb- . if I have trouble connect to the internet or connection problem I will update this review . if you have Comcast -lrb- in the Chicago land area -rrb- , this will -lrb- or should -rrb- work for you . UPDATE : Internet and cable work well and be reliable with this modem . even if I have to change to a different room it connect back up with a minute and be good to go . I have the hd cable box from comcast and it work with this modem and internet connect quickly as well . if you can dish out the $ 80 and plan on stay with comcast , I would recommend get this modem -lrb- if you do not need telephone - this do not work for phone ... only cable and internet -rrb- . Hope this help .
CableModem	NEG	2	I select this modem after consult my cable provider 's list of recommend modem . in fact , I just get off the phone with my provider 's tech support , and I confirm what I find when I try to install this modem : if you receive voice telephony service in addition to internet and tv service , this modem will not work . period . there be no phone jack . my cable provider 's website be in error . -lrb- I be tell that there be very few modem that support both cable and telephone . -rrb- do not let this happen to you . Fair warning .
CableModem	POS	5	I recently replace the Comcast provide 5120 with this 6121 , the set up on my side take about 3 minute , and it take about 15 when I call to update the MAC address with Comcast . in the last few week I have have no issue with this modem , the connectivity be rock solid , the speed be high and consistant , and I no longer have to pay the annoying rental fee each month .
CableModem	POS	4	I receive the modem before the estimate arrival date and immediately plug it to my cable and activate my new account . I be surprise to get 25\/4 mbp speed . this product be worth the money .
CableModem	POS	4	the less I pay Comcast , the better . this should pay for itself in a few month . Make sure you have you Comcast account number before you install , you will need it to reconnect to they network .
CableModem	POS	5	to decide which DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem to use , 1st go to DOCSIS Devices MyDeviceInfo on Comcast to see what they support and possibly recommend by certification . for my money , only 2 option :  Motorola SB6120 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 eXtreme Broadband Cable Modem  choose the later , newer model . more widely use sb6120 be test only to level 2 . Comcast claim to have test sb 6121 to more stringent level 3 certification . Hope to future proof with use this newer model . have not notice , as other , heat to be a problem . Install & SetUp be easy . help reading comment from user -lrb- Comcast employee -rrb- with sb6120 . do not try Comcast self activation web page since this be a modem change and not a new install . plug sb6121 into WAN Cable with nothing else attach . then call Comcast Tech support . change from Linksys BEFCMU10 v4 DOCSIS 2.0 to Motorola SB6121 DOCSIS 3.0 . Comcast see Device , send refresh signal . Voila ! then connected pc direct to Cable Modem . finish with Comcast Tech support . take maybe 20 minute on phone to verify all be work . final hookup with router , in the mix , and clone pc MAC Address into Router . do processing ! accord to sb6121 log , sw download successful - Via Config file , SW Download INIT - Via Config file . MAC Address Identified . light , Camera Action . Houston , we have connection ! be it faster than what we have ? no. . why Upgrade ? concerned about end of Life Devices for what we have .  cisco-linksy befcmu10 Ethernet Cable Modem  prior version do . piece of mind to stay one step ahead of obsolescent technology . why buy vs. rent ? not fond of rent . will pay for its self in less than a year . try RoadRunner Cable Modem then later try Comcast Cable Modem neither of which would connect reliably . both have weak signal require a service call mean down time . purchase Cable modem would always work . have own 2 linksy befcmu10 v4 DOCSIS 2.0 Cable modem . purchase for $ 20.00 each -lrb- elsewhere -rrb- when they be sell for $ 80.00 each , so have a backup . First Linksys befcmu10 v4 buy the farm during a lighten strike . yes , even on a UPS . the lighten strike take out the Cable Modem and a D-Link 8 Port Gigabit switch . two router , in line for security , in between be untouched . now that I think of it , 1 router lose 1 Port leave 3 more port to use . unfortunate but still a usable device . second linksy befcmu10 v4 have work until now . have sit on shelf for backup \/ book end . happy with decision to go sb6121 Gigabit Cable Modem to  D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Gigabit Wireless Router  and if we ever upgrade we Comcast to 100baset or Comcast upgrade to ipv6 , wow . I can dream !
CableModem	POS	5	I be tell but my cable company -lrb- Comcast -rrb- that I need a update modem . review be good and price on Amazon be $ 25 less than best buy . with less than a week until by modem would `` not be able to handle '' stuff , I order this know I might be down for a couple day . BUT , in 4 or 5 day the package be on my door step and a half hour later I be good to go . call the cable company with MAC address and bam I be up and run . everything I need be there -- do not know much about the technical side of it except it work like it should -- that be all I be look for and I get it !
CableModem	POS	5	Linksys DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem -lrb- dpc3008-cc -rrb-  Amazon Prime offer a competitive price -lrb- since increase -rrb- . the order arrive on time along with another Amazon order place later that arrive a day early . if you be a basic internet service consumer , you probably be not shop for a DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem . if you want the best `` bang for you buck '' and need fast internet access say for video on demand or online gaming , read on . bottom line , this Cisco dpc3800-cc cable modem work on my Comcast service . it do not operate at DOCSIS 3.0 speed . my quantifiable thru put be now more than double by replace a lease docsis 2 cable modem with this docsis 3 modem . the pay back be 12.2 month by eliminate the Comcast modem lease . my disappointment rest with Comcast , not this product . here be why . while the FCC want US isp to make 100 million bit per second -lrb- 100 mbp -rrb- download speed we national standard by 2020 , we be far from that standard in 2012 . a cable internet provider that implement the full feature set of the cable industry 's DOCSIS 3.0 standard could meet the FCC objective . but my service provider be not even close and have no incentive to do so . all we can do , as consumer foot the bill , be to be inform -lrb- search `` DOCSIS 3.0 '' -rrb- and purchase product that will work if the service level be provide . you need to understand that there be three variable to you quality of internet service : 1 -rrb- cooperative manufacturer \/ service provider relationship to assure proper `` provision '' or the ` hand shake ' between the hardware and the isp ; 2 -rrb- a isp willing to implement a supportive infrastructure ; and 3 -rrb- the isp service level and equipment you select to pay for . I choose the Cisco dpc3008-cc to address factor 1 and 3 and understand that Comcast be not now provide adequate service to my location to achieve service level this cable modem be design to provide . in other word , I can not downgrade the dpc3008 device due to my isp service , factor 2 ! I move from NW fl to SW Florida a few month ago in 2012 . with the same hardware -lrb- a docsis 2 Scientific Atlanta cable modem -rrb- , different cable provider -lrb- Cox & Comcast -rrb- I have 2x faster thru put with cox cable than I now have with Comcast with the same modem . a personal visit to Comcast 's local service office confirm yesterday that my location be not receive the highest speed Comcast offer here . in contrast , I receive better than advertise thru put from cox -lrb- try 32 mbp with the same docsis 2 device ! -rrb- . the installation be simple . the CD base user guide be not clear . yes , you can just attach the new cable modem to you cable without waste time to call technical support , assume you cable internet be operable . keep you work cable modem until you set up you new one . as per the user guide , simply connect the new modem and power it up . observe the light to confirm the new modem on you cable initiate you isp 's automatic provision . now , direct connect you computer to the modem , power cycle the modem and open you browser . you eventually will see a screen that request you account number and register phone number , maybe the last 4 digit of you ssno . after a reset , I be good to go . the last install step be to then connect you wire \/ wireless local area network . you can do this within 30 minute . after testing that , I drive to Comcast , turn in the lease cable modem and challenge they service level to no avail . I will edit this review later if I experience any issue specific to the Cisco dpc3008-cc . I conclude that the negative review here be from inexperienced user or perhaps a firmware or provision issue now correct by Comcast and Cisco . after 24 hour , it be still work and never reboot . if a user do not properly `` provision '' the new modem with the isp , it will exhibit the reboot symptom complain about here . I deduce that the Comcast recommend speed test site -lrb- speedtest.net -rrb- be optimize for my local Comcast service since its measure speed with two different cable modem be nearly twice that of a different site -lrb- speakeasy.net -rrb- . within 24 hour , I run 4 test of the two different site . with speedtest.net , my download \/ upload average speed be 15.4 \/ 6.2 mbit\/sec with the doci 2 device versus 28.4 \/ 5.3 with the Cisco DOCSIS DPC3800 . with speakeasy.net , the average be 7.0 \/ 6.0 before versus 28.4 \/ 4.0 with the Cisco modem . clearly , the Cisco DPC3008 DOCSIS 3 cable modem perform better than a Scientific Atlanta DOCSIS 2 cable modem . be the expect DOCSIS 3 speed attain ? NO. . if you read all the above , you understand that I hold Comcast accountable , not this device from Cisco . be I obtain the DOCSIS 3 benefit of 8\/4 dynamic channel bonding ? there be no way to tell , except my speed test suggest NO. . I do not now know if that be hardware or a isp issue . yes I be receive the DOCSIS 3.0 benefit of ipv6 and a gigabit Ethernet port . yes , the setup be easy . I choose the Cisco dpc3008 primarily due to its DOCSIS 3.0 certification and its acceptance as a approve device by Comcast . Comcast have few docsis 3.0 device on its approval list that be still market by the manufacturer for consumer purchase with the 8 \/ 4 channel bonding and ipv6 feature of DOCSIS 3 . the newer Cisco DPC3010 and newer device from several manufacture be not yet approve so I stick with the older dpc3008 . why Comcast seem to need 4 year to certify a device , six year after DOCSIS 3 be define be unfathomable . Cisco seem to have go the extra mile to assure its device be acceptable to Comcast , factor 1 above . this specific cable modem be my best available option today and it work .
CableModem	POS	5	fast delivery , work like a charm . save money since you will not pay $ 7-8 to Comcast . Easy to setup , even though there be instruction . highly recommend !
