Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Dumbbell	POS	5	as mention already , expect the package to be destroy when it get to you door . otherwise it be a heavy piece of metal that be durable and function exactly as intend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive the Shaker in two day - great for build you arm - you get out of it what you put into it .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it seem to work some muscle that be not work before . limited amount of way a person can use it . I find a few more way I could use it that be not on the dvd . I think the price be to high , price of $ 29.95 . it be price the same locally but by buy it from Amazon I save on the shipping and tax and it be deliver to my door . price for it will probably go down after a while . over all I like it . down side be it ` s limit use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I use this dumbbell for bicep curl . very nice and sturdy . on Amazon it be go for $ 30 i think ... here be the bottom line . shipping be almost as much as the product . its pretty much a rip off . I buy the from a store near my house that I work at and I pay $ 25 before any employee discount . now that $ 5 before shipping . good dumbbell but not worth 60 buck
Dumbbell	POS	5	just get mine in today via fedex . open box , everything wrap up tightly in bubble wrap , take inventory of all bolt , nut , and washer , and assemble in about 15 to 20 minute . hold all of my weight and more , though as other have say , the smaller weight do not fit -lrb- 1 , 2 , & 3 lb ` der -rrb- . very tidy area now - hope wife approve ! I think this be a excellent rack for the money as be very sturdy , well build , and professional in room .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the man 's shakeweight rather than the one target for my gender because I have always though the weight that be gear towards woman be far too light , for I at least . 6 minute do the various position with this thing make my arm , shoulder , pec , and lat feel like bowl of Jello . I love it . it be so intense , as stupid as it sound . I have be use it nightly for about a week -lrb- 6 minute , 10 minute break , then 6 more minute -rrb- and have already notice a slight change in my upper body . for those who though this thing have battery and move by itself , I really hope you be not in any sort of position of power or managerial occupation . or parent . anyway ... this be one piece of make for tv hilarity that actually work like they say it do .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I recive the item on time and in exelent condition -lrb- brand new -rrb- . I recoment highly .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	well I must say ... I read a bunch of review and hype on this item from Amazon customer so I go out and buy one . I be very disappointed with it . I watch the video , review the instruction , try it out for 24 hour and be take it back to Walgreens tomorrow for a refund . I feel this one be cheaply make and be rather a joke to try and use . maybe I be miss something here . needless to say , I be go back to walk around the football track and use free weight again . at least I know that work .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this dumbbell be use by most sport club in my school as a standard training equipment . the design of this dumbbell prevent slip between you hand and bar by sweat . hexagonal bell prevent roll on the ground . Easy to grip and safe to use . highly recommend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a 51 year young man and need a way to firm my upper chest and arm . I must say I read all the review good and bad . well let I tell you after 1 week with a 1 day break every 2 day , I sure can tell that I have really do some work on my muscle . but it hurt so good . it be very addicting and I do believe that this will do just what I expect of it . and yes the first use be a piece of cake , but beware it will sneak up on you for sure . Got my Motrin handy , , LOL . I think that the quality be just as describe and be not at all disappointed . look forward to the result I will get , I swear there be a slight change in my upper arm appearance already . I be happy and would recommend it to any man look to start out with a low impact approach to a work out regimen . it be give I a new out look on myself and also a drive to go on further down the road into a weight lifting workout program . look out boy here come Daddy .  Shake Weight for Men Dumbbell
Dumbbell	POS	5	it say what it say and do work i only get this the 5th and and only be work with for a short time and already can feel the burn from work out and work with these few day the only down fall to this be that it only work you arm so far from what i have see on the cd that come with it i be more want to work on my belly and ab but if you want a good working and sweat alot from the work and burn then this be the thing for you . . although i give it a 5 it be not a bad workout weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it be a nice rack for dumbbell and easy to assemble . the only complaint I have be the distance between rail be fix and my light weight do not span the distance . they should add a extra set of hole to allow for that .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy it . I use it once . I kind of would just prefer two free-weight . it be mostly just a conversation piece .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I figure it be a gimmick when I order it , but I really like it . it definitely do work ! I like that you can see and feel it work . it do not take much time to do the workout , so I do not talk myself out it . in just 3 week I can really see a difference in my arm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	nice bar BELL and CAN USE easily . the PRICE WAS ok . I do not KNOW if I could have GOTTEN IT CHEAPER have I shop around more but I need it to go with my dvd .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this funny contraption actually work . my arm get tire after a minute ! I recommend to anyone who want to tone they arm . I use while watch tv .
Dumbbell	POS	4	Perfect ... I be look for a weight set for my small apartment . . and I love the feel of the weight in my hand too . this set be so well-priced . buy with confidence . arrive ahead of the schedule and I take advantage of the `` free with Super Saver '' offer -lrb- saving over $ 30 in shipping !! -rrb- .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	my Aunt tell that she love this thing . it be a stupid . and , I can not believe I buy it .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	product be of good quality . display image be mislead . you be only pay for one weight ... not two !?
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the product seem fine , but the description on the Amazon website be incorrect . it say `` accommodate all dumbbell style and size . '' this be not true . we smaller dumbbell do not fit on the rack properly . we be go to flip the rail around and put a piece of plywood in between to make it work .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase a shake weight online and the company sell all my information to herbal life . herbal life call I about once a week since I purchase the shake weight ask I to buy pill , etc. . if I have know that the company that sell shake weight do that I would not have give my phone number to be harass nor would I have buy the item . I have ask nicely and also very sternly ; yet they still continue to call . nothing be worth what I be go thru . yes , the product work fine -lrb- thus the one star -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	4	I die laugh the first time I see this advertise on television . after read the review I have to give it a try . I be a personal trainer and have do weight training for year . because of that , I order the man 's version of the Shake Weight . who would have think that a little 5 pound weight could be any kind of a challenge ! though this will not be my primary source of weight training , it will certainly become a part of my routine . it be always good to keep you muscle guess and this be definitely a fun way to `` shake '' it up a bit . of course , I will not use it where anyone can see I !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake wieght will definately work you , and wear you out !!! it be a great deal !!! I use it regularly , and you can actually feel the result , you 'll tigthten up quickly use it , you 'll love it . its a excellent way to stay in shape !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	not only do I get the impression that it be battery operate , appearently a lot of other people think the same thing . the card enclose with it for FAQ say in part `` unlike the impression create by the rapid motion of the device , the Shake Weight be not battery-powered-the user generate the movement . the internal resistance etc. . I certainly would not have order it if I have know that .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I originally purchase the selecttech 552 dumbbell with the intention of simply pick they up from the floor . this be not good on my back so I finally order this stand . the stand work as advertise , look great , and definitely help avoid stress on my back when pick up the weight . it take approximately 30 minute to assemble the stand , which be not difficult if you organize the part and follow the direction . you will likely need a wrench , though , to tighten the screw . I do not have one with I , so my stand be a bit loose , but it still work fine . the stand come with strap to better secure the weight when not in use -lrb- although it appear to be more for store display purpose -rrb- , and it come with optional roller wheel to make the stand easier to move around . I recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I number of the review note that this thing be very difficult to put together . I do not find that to be the case at all . follow the direction and it be a snap . well , maybe not a snap , it take I 45 minute while I be watch tv . one great piece of advice that come from another review be crucial . there be three different set of bolt that be very close in length . Make sure you line these bolt up and use the correct length for each use . if you blow it here it could be a very long , frustrating operation . perhaps this be where people be go wrong with this rack ? if you have the Bowflex barbell , you really should get this rack .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these work well for a quick workout when I can not make it to the fitness club . one of the box 's of the 25 lb dumbbell be almost break in half when I receive it but the weight appear undamaged . good quality , and I just end keep the wrapper around the handle because it feel like the grip be sandpapery without glove -- not that I ever use lift glove anyway , but the wrap make they feel comfortable .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the shake weight be a good workout to use to keep a basic muscle tone , great for older folk like I that do not want to bulk up , I be not sure that it would be as good as free weight in the long term , but I be not a fitness guru either , the extreme workout dvd be not as great as I be expect it to be , in fact I be dissapoint with it !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy the shake weight after watch they on the doctor . I buy two of they so I could use they for more resistance while work out , they be very nice to have sit around in my kitchen because while I be cooking I can use they at the same time . by switch hand as you work around the house you can give you self a workout while do other everyday task or you can take the time to watch the video and follow it . these be great for a low impact workout .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I buy these weight to use with p90x and while they be ok for the price , I can not recommend they for use in p90x because you have to change the weight too often and quickly . I find the plate and the pin to be cumbersome and easily misalign . you can insert the pin and not actually be in the correct spot and then the plate shift while you be do reps. its not so easy to add or subtract weight . if you be just go to stick with the same weight for most of you routine , then these would work fine , but in p90x I be sometimes use three different weight for one three exercise circuit . I get my husband the bowflex dial weight and those be MUCH better in term of ease of switching weight although they be twice the price . I be go to go back to the traditional dumbbell weight for ease of switching .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this weight be comfortable and easy to use . it be 10 pound . seem very well construct . also , do not hurt the hand after lift it for a long time because of the neoprene . I highly recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	at my local Sports Authority store , I buy a pair of 35 lb dumbbell of this very brand . for the past two year these dumbbell have have great durability and coating do not chip off easily . the handle have a grid pattern which provide decent grip . the handle also do not burn my hand . expect performance and I have no complaint whatsoever . highly recommend
Dumbbell	POS	5	a much need addition to anyone look to purchase Bowflex SelectTech 552 dumbbell - will definitely save you back ! fairly easy to put together and very sturdy once assemble .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these be pretty much all you need to get in shape . I cancel my gym membership and buy some of these . they seem to be make of good quality . I be still get use to the ` block ' style and I think i be like it . these be pretty damn expensive but if you like to work out at home then these be a must have .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the rack be easy to assemble . sturdy design that have hold up to several month of use . good price and meet expectation .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this product because I want to do something about my arm , which in all honesty , be get a little on the flabby side . I know this product would not be good for muscle growth , but since what I want be tone , I take a shot . I have a decent amount of muscle build up from previous weight lifting program , but now I want a little more definition , and this have help . it be be almost three week and I can see a improved appearance in both my forearm and triceps . my biceps seem to be lag in the tone department , but since I have get result in less than three week , I be go to continue with the program and see if I can not closer to where I want to be .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have gradually acquire a fairly good set of these weight . I like the flexibility of buy one or two at a time of whatever I happen to need , as my ability increase . the weight feel good in my hand , and the different color make they look like fun .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	so , I think this shake on it be own -lrb- well , with the help of battery -rrb- but it do not . I read the review and see other people who say the same thing but I think , maybe they just do not figure out how to turn it on . I be wrong . obviously we be not the only people to think it shake on it be own because the people of Shake Weight have they own website explain how to make it shake ... call ` howtoshakeit.com ' so , if you do not believe I -lrb- or think I just do not know how to turn it on -rrb- go to that website . it seem like the weight and the shake part of it probably do help with you muscle and everything but it also seem like , if you hold a regular weight very loosely -lrb- allow it to slide between you hand -rrb- and shake it like you would the shake weight , that probably work about as well . they suggest you do it for 6 minute a day -lrb- which sound easy -rrb- but for beginner , that be nearly impossible , as the weight really do work you muscle . if you buy the weight new , it come with a short video with a 6 minute workout and if you watch it , you see that the lady who do the video do not even seem like she can do the whole 6 minute straight , as the lesson do not seem to be one continuous shot but clip paste together to make a complete 6 minute video -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- . if you have get the money to spend for a ` special ' dumbbell , then go ahead and buy this . but if you be think it be go to be some kind of miracle worker , I do not think it be . I highly recommend you try shake a regular dumbbell first and see if that help you muscle because , like I say , that be basically what this do . I be a little disappointed .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have be use this product for about a month now and I definitely get a decent work out each and every time . I have not make leap and bound as I be still develop form and technique due to the off shoot mechanic of the product . I immediately recognize two fault or area for improvement . the first fault be that my hand slip while use the product because the surface be too smooth . the second fault be that the work out dvd while effective be too short and basic . the product could be improve significantly by add some abrasive texture to the handle and extend the dvd to include a advanced work out or additional exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I workout every single day and need equipment that be comfortable to use . neoprene barbell work great for I . I be slowly work my way up through the weight and you can not find 6 pound weight in my area . for some reason , they go from 5 pound to 8 pound but I can not make that big of a jump without hurt myself . so glad I find the 6 pounder online !
Dumbbell	POS	4	this thing be heavy duty , but I thoguht it would be bigger from the picture . I should have measure it . it will fit -lrb- barely -rrb- hex dumbbell of 5,8,10,12,15,20,25,30,35,40,45 .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	it seem from what I have read so far , for many people this product produce some sort of positive result and I will not dispute that . but for the other who write the bad review they word should not be take so lightly or even callously berate . the tv ad be misleading . I do not think anyone expect the weight to shake on its own , `` do the workout for you '' as many critical commenter have claim . but the tv commercial give the illusion that a initial shake must be initiate by the user and some sort of centrifigul method would take over and it would be the responsibility of user to tensely hold the weight use the require muscle need to stabilize it only to find you can not stabilize it , thus cause rapid muscle growth . well it just do not work that way . you have to constantly shake the weight yourself , and I find that a very couterproductive way to permanently build muscle . even in the best of the review nobody really rave about this product so I can not see the logic as to why they rate this 5 or even 4 star . go figure . update 1\/21\/2012 . alright I see this sit on the shelf at Walgreen 's a long time ago and I ignore it . then I go to CVS . on the same day ! again I see one lone Shake Weight for Men sit knee high on the shelf . I walk away . but the thought pursue I . be this fate ? should I buy it or not ? will the person at the register laugh at I ? will it offer some sort of benefit ? so I cave in and buy it . when I get home and open it inside there be a dvd on how to use this thing properly . the goal be to shake the weight vigorously steadily and firmly without wobble it for 30 seconds per exercise . the best I can get be 22 seconds . when you use the Shake Weight properly it will make a whooshing noise . if you hear a kadunk kadunk kadunk you be do it wrong ! as for the benefit themselves , that be just simply go to depend on you own current physical condition . for I I find the Shake Weight to be great for warm up before real exercise or for add a quick firm-up AFTER real exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	4	get two 15lb weight and they be wonderful. , over construction feel good and value be very high . only con be that the handle should have rubber grip , they be kinda rough and textured but hurt hand after a while .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy this item seperately from the dumbbell . the dumbbell be fantastic and so be this item ... once you get it together . the instruction be really poor ... could be ton better . however , once you study the diagram it be relatively easy to get together . once it be together it be invaluable for hold the dumbbell . Perfect height and fit . I use the rolling caster so I can move they . they have lock on the wheel to keep they stationary and work very well . all in all , definitely worth the puchase . just do not expect much from the instruction .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be really well construct and quite solid once assemble . the packaging it come in be another story . it work well with popular hex shape dumbbell . not so well for smaller , coated dumbbell that weigh less than 10 pound -lrb- they do not fit well -rrb- . overall , a great value for the money .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	this be 1 hand weight , not a set of 2 hand weight . this be include in the product information , but I have get into a bad habit of read review and not the product info . I be give it a low rating , because it seem intentionally mislead to offer only 1 weight instead of a set . of course , after receive the product , I order another to complete the set -lrb- which be probably the seller 's goal , but it would be a hassle for I to return instead -rrb- . I would not have choose this product for the price if I have realize it be not a set . however , if you only need one weight , this one seem like a nice quality .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have own the PowerBlock for about 3 year now and I must say I be very happy with it . I buy it because I be start to run out of space and my room be look like a mess as I buy more and more conventional dumbbell . it work very well for almost every exercise : Dumbbell raise , seat press , one-hand row , incline press , curl , overhead press , etc. . the only down side be I can not do a behind the head curl with it due to it be square shape . for this I keep one conventional dumbbell around since it be easier to grip with two hand at once in that position . the other minor complaint be the pin use to select the weight be a bit hard to insert if the block be not perfectly flat , such as when it be sit on a carpet . overall , I be still very happy and consider it well worth the price when you consider how much it replace .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product look good with a charcoal hammer enamel finish . it assemble easily with no issue . its very sturdy and because the rack be slant front to back , its easy to access the weight . I like the three rack because it fit a full complement of dumbell with some room leave over for extra plate for a bench press . as a example , I have hexagonal dumbell , and my weight set-up be as follow : 5-8-10-15 lb pair on the top rack ; 20-25-30 lb pair on the middle rack ; and 35 lb on the lower rack along with my extra 5lb and 10 lb plate -lrb- which I make a simple holder for -rrb- .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the product be functional and do what it say however the right side part and leave side part come mismark l and r or be it r and L. one stand be about 2 inch lower than the other so I take the whole thing apart and swap piece from one side to the next and then the other side be short . after lay the large silver frame side by side its obviouse its not the assembly and that the part be assymetrical . this also prevent the towel rack between the two platform from be attach . since it pretty much do what it be suppose to , do not cause I any issue with lift the dumbbell off and if it be not such a pain to disassemble and rebox I would have send it back to get a new one . Dumbbell adjustment mechanism stick a little but I suspect this will losen up over time or with a little squirt of oil .
Dumbbell	POS	5	well build dumbbell stand for the SelectTech dumbbell . the unit be well construct and have well write direction that make it easy to assemble . I would highly recommend this dumbbell stand as it can save some back strain especially when use heavier weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great dumbbell set , make I use they a lot since its nicely set up with the stand and doesnt let I forget about it , since i keep it in front of my eye . great set . truly recommend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	my husband buy these for I , and they be great . I mean , what else do you expect from 5-lb dumbbell ? they work for I !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order this and its great and can be use in so many way . ithought it be battery operate but nope . so dont have to worry about run to the store time after for battery , i recommend this if you be tryng to build up they biceps !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shipping box I receive be not really in good condition , some washer and part be fall apart . its packaging be just average . I do not believe you can assemble this stand in 30 minute . I time myself and it take I good 90 minute with help of my wife once in a while -lrb- hold bar for I to align hole and tighten nut -rrb- . its bar and connect bracket be pretty heavy for one hand to hold while the other hand tighten the hex nut , and if you do not have a third hand , you should use a nut driver or something to lock the Allen wrench stationarily . you should prepare a 9\/16 '' or adjustable wrench , a small nutdriver use for extend the provide Allen wrench , a rubber hammer -lrb- or equivalent tool -rrb- to slightly tap steel bar hole align . bracket be build with very tight tolerance that it be not easy to fit together without tap they in place . you should also arrange supply 16 bolt in 3 different group -lrb- different length but go with same washer and nut -rrb- to prevent mistake of wrong bolt . there be quite a few turn trip and drop but no scratch , no bruise , no blood . finally , it be assemble in good shape , no miss or extra nut and bolt , and with big relief ; I ' m happy . the design be solid with durable hardware and the stand look great and robust . with bf 552 dumbbell on top , they together appear bigger than I expect . do not discourage yourself not to purchase it because of fear of long assembly time and installation difficulty level . the instruction and drawing be very clear , easy to follow and simple . give yourself patience and care , you will enjoy it
Dumbbell	NEG	1	yes , it may say `` dumbbell '' and not `` dumbbell . '' I read & order too quickly . however , the Valeo be sell as a set for the same price . Order those ! sad about my mistake and Cap 's marketing of this item . I will order the other dumbbell as return this one would be expensive . but , this will be my last Cap purchase indeed .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	sorry but this be a great idea , however it should come in different weight size etc. . its very light weight . I really would have use it if it would have be heavier . HOWEVER for those just start out exercise and need to build up , its a great toy to burn some calorie . it shake with ease and there be alot of arm position you can use to start . they just need to make some adjustment for more muscle building . I guess you can use this to practice you grip control on a spouse , but hey I have a headache !
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , I use to bike , run a little and dream about swimming . that be before get married and the kid . well , I have hit the age where they tell you you will lose 1 pound of muscle per year . thanks for all that . for I to work my upper body , I have push up bar , a assortment of 40 pound weight , some stretch cable - all of which I have not use for more than 3 year . I need a quick workout to maintain tone . I just open the package 10 minute ago and do the 3 exercise for about five minute . holy Batman ! it work . maybe , it be because I use to work out a little when I be younger -lrb- muscle memory -rrb- . but the blood be back in those muscle , my pec , delt , lat , biceps and forearm . it be true that balanced workout work both side of the muscle . I could never do that with conventional weight or by do pushup . for a busy person - this be a quick way to maintain tone . highly recommend ! -lrb- note : not that I think only my opinion matter , but a lot of review seem to be sabotage review or fake complaint . this product would not have make it to market if it do not work , no matter how `` as see on tv . '' -rrb- thanks Amazon , you make it so easy to buy . I want to work for Amazon .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a no-brain-er it do as advertise the only catch be only you have to use it but it do work . not sure about the 4 star rating since the system will not allow any less ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	these dumbbell be excellent ! I use the Bowflex SelectTech adjustable dumbbell and find that they be very bulky -lrb- which may limit some exercise -rrb- and rattle in you hand . the Bowflex dumbbell also need to be line up just right when set they down on the stand , which can be a minor nuisance . the PowerBlocks adjust easier and quicker than they Bowflex counterpart . quality adjustable dumbbell like these may look expensive at first , but they be build very well and will last many many year . I use these for my p90x workout , and in a typical hour workout , I save myself at least 10 minute use these dumbbell over my old custom-weight dumbbell with a fraction of the footprint . you will not be disappoint with PowerBlocks !
Dumbbell	POS	5	highly recommend buy this rack to safely store you weight . pick they up from this base , save the chance of pull out you back each time you restack , plus help to take care of the system , which can break if mishandle . very solid frame , and tasteful design .
Dumbbell	POS	4	Ok , I be no expert and that be probably not entirely true , but as a relatively fit woman who do not think the 2-pound version for woman would be sufficient since I use a 5-pound hand weight normally , I be wrong to think the Shakeweight for Men would be the same as my handweight . after about 30 seconds I feel like I be gonna break something I might need someday . it might be appropriate for woman with significant upper arm strength , but then if she be already that fit she be probably already figure out what work for she . I be no couch potato , but it be definitely not a fitness aid I be even capable of use at this point . maybe I 'll be able to work up to use it , but I be not hold my breath . luckily I have a boyfriend and he think it be dandy , hence the four star . after pay attention to he usage it be novel enough to motivate he to work out , and he seem to sort of pick it up during commercial break for short session that seem to make he feel physically productive . he have not be use it long enough for I to say it be a undisputed success , but it make I feel less guilty about make the purchase , and he say he get a decent burn from use it . probably ok for man , NOT for woman with low-intermediate fitness level .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I think I be get a bargain . these be great dumbell , but they be 30 % cheaper locally . I think the mazon price be for a pair . it be not .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I do not find this all that hard to put together . it do come in piece and the instruction could be write better , but it only take about a half hour to 45min to put it together . it be a very solid and steady base and there be no fear of the weight fall off of it . it fit well in a corner so it can stay out of the way . the only drawback be the strap they have be pretty useless . they can not actually go around the dumbbell and the holder that you set the dumbbell into . I have never move it out of the corner I set it in , so it be not a big deal , but if I ever have to move it , there be no way to strap the dumbbell into place .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be use it for a little while now . it definitely give a good muscle workout and its actually a lot harder to use than I think - which I think be a plus because I never imagine that a shake weight would be tough to use at all . it be cheap and it do what its suppose to do . the only thing I would say be do not buy it if you think `` well , maybe its not as absurd as it look on the tv '' ... it be . Trust I . the dvd be aweful ; it be 8 minute of a absurdly buff man act like he be get a sweat from a shakeweight -lrb- it go without say that if you can bench 240 , you not go to get much of a workout from a shakeweight -rrb- . when I first use it , I feel really gay . this be not use derogatorily . I literally feel like a hand a man junk in my hand . do not get this if you live with a woman . she will inevitably make fun of you . if you live by yourself and be willing to suck it up for the sake of muscle definition , then this this might just be the product for you .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	there be nothing I hate more than push-up , so I get this . I notice other people like it . I now find something I hate more than push-up . I guess shake weight be not for everyone .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I find the weight hard to use , the shake motion do not go as smooth as it appear when you see it on tv .
Dumbbell	POS	5	so i get these in yesterday this morning be the first time use they and i love my new weight !! so easy to change the weight and they be not big and bulky . just make sure the the pin be in the right spot and not crooked . but overall im very glad i purchase these !
Dumbbell	POS	5	great set . I zip through workout quickly w \/ this set of dumbell . a bit pricey but you get alot for you money . I hope they will last , prior to buy from this site , I check the set out at a big name sport goods store w \/ the dirty name . the display model be break from customer use . not sure if someone mishandle it or it be just from repetitive use but on one setting , one of the plate would not stay attached\/engaged w \/ the main dumbell . great pc of excercise equipment .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I see this thing on tv and think it look useful . I order it and give it a try . it be a pretty useful product . I like that it come with a dvd . you can pick it up whenever you what and start work on you arm . Pretty convent and easy to use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	pro : \* cheaper and space-saver compare to a set of 9 pair : 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 , 35 , 40 , and 45-lb \* upgradable to heavier weight -lrb- hear of this , but not yet confirm , and need to shop around -rrb- . however , 45-lb max be good for I for a long while for upper-body workout : arm , shoulder , and ab . for larger muscle group -lrb- i.e. chest , back , leg -rrb- , I use barbell . \* fairly compact compare to other kind of dumbbell -lrb- i.e. adjustable dumbbell with switching , screw , clipping , or 45-lb hex -rrb- \* look nicer than I think , and seem to last long \* tricep extension be very easy to perform , use the two corner handle , ... \* Rubber pad handle feel very comfortable on hand . con : \* unable to roll up in hand for forearm workout \* must handle with care -lrb- i.e. fixed dumbbell be more durable -rrb- . there be almost always pro and con . this con do not make I unhappy . love they . I wonder why they be not widely available in some local Sports Store . 4.5 star , half star be take off because of the con above . highly recommend .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	Pretty crappy product . the quality be very poor which be practically plastic . the only way to get it to work the way they advertise be to go so fast on it that you tire out before you see any result . in the long run it may become useful but you have to be in already great shape to reap any benefit from it . truth of the matter be that those who be already in shape rarely would utilize something like that . I would definitely think twice about buy this unit .
Dumbbell	POS	4	pro : very compact design work well , and seem to be high quality change weight be easier than you might think con : plate sometimes get stick together if you select they improperly once
Dumbbell	POS	5	Easy to put together and easy to move around the room . a very great asset to any home workout . I highly recommend this product !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I wish I have pay more attention to everyone else 's review because I be really surprise when I open the box and there be only one dumbbell ! I would not recommend buy this - go buy a pair together instead !
Dumbbell	POS	4	mix with milk and shake well it taste just like chocolate milk . unfortunately , no protein powder will taste great\/good when mix into water . I recommend this product ; good whey protein , very palatable and the price be right .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I notice that some reviewer -lrb- the one rating the PowerBlocks the lowest -rrb- be talk about a completely different model . this set do not have `` interior weight '' and you do not remove weight in the handle to switch between any weight and the next one you want . with this set , all you ever do be slip the pin from one weight to the next . for p90x it be good to be able to change weight fast , so this be a good set to get . also , the weight range be great and will perfectly suit almost every excercise , except you may have to do a few extra rep on the row -lrb- `` lawnmower '' -rrb- . the set be as compact as dumbell of the same weight , so you can do curl without bang you leg . if you pick a lighter powerblock weight , the weight be shorter , more compact , than a bigger weight , just as regular dumbell would be -- unlike other brand where you still have a long handle with a tiny weight . other PowerBlock model do use handle weight which can slow thing down , and be not the best pick for p90x . you can identify these set by they description , or by the picture which will show the include , silver , cylindrical add-in weight . my own set be a older model that go 5-50 lb in 5 lb increment . in any case a adjustable set be very economical . regular dumbell cost around $ 1.20 a pound -lrb- gray , tube handle -rrb- or $ 2.20 a pound -lrb- black , rubber coated , shaped handle -rrb- . so a set go from 5 to 45 pound in 5 pound increment would run $ 550 - $ 1000 a set . nevertheless , if you have both space and money , a complete set of regular dumbell be the best , safest , fastest , and most flexible of all . I have a full set at one house , and a powerblock at the other . they both do the trick .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I find it easier to place my 552 dumbbell back have they raise on this stand vice sit on the ground . the stand look good and be well construct . I do not have problem with assembly , it go much quicker if you have you own tool -lrb- ratchet\/alan wrench -rrb- and the instruction be straight forward . it take about 30 minute start to finish , luckily I do not have the hole alignment issue other have post . I be not sure but previous user may have have trouble if they tighten down all the hardware before everything be assemble , the direction state when to torque down the bolt . if you have ever put any home furniture together you should have no problem . I still worry a little about the durability of the dumbbell , but have no doubt that the stand will last a long time .
Dumbbell	POS	4	att : see other review for ppl who have use this a while . its not a gym replacement . but its something to get a good pump say before you go out . I have be work out 5 to 10 time a week consistently for the past year and a half -lrb- some two a day -rrb- . and I would not believe it my self have I be read this without ever try it . also note that I work out with high intensity and focus completely on that . not talk to ppl or waste time . well , I be over at a friend house the other day and he have one of these funny look thing . I shake it for a while and feel a good pump . the next day my biceps be hurt and that just do not happen often . I think I have get all the lactic acid out long ago , but this thing get what be leave . I be get one . so be this a one stop shop for any real fitness goal ? NO. . be good to have ? yes . why ? because it give you diversity in you workout and it be CHEAP . Lactic Acid - release by you muscle when stressed . the reason for the muscle soreness day after start a workout routine .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	useless . very disappointing product . I try to like it , but find that it do absolutely nothing for someone like I who do even simple exercise on my arm five day a week . I use it several time figure I must be do something wrong , but even after get the hang of it , my muscle do not feel like they be work any differently or harder than exercise such as bicep curl or tricep kickback with light hand weight . this be a waste of money and I throw it away .
Dumbbell	POS	4	we buy these because my partner and I have very different strength level and need . we have individual weight all around the house and it be get crazy . now we just have the powerblock and they work well for this purpose . they be a bit unwieldy to change the weight on -lrb- the Bowflex one seem better on this -rrb- and the square shape take some get use to , but in general we be highly satisfy with the purchase . we do not get the stand , but we would highly recommend it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I would give it no star if that be a option ! -lrb- do you know that one star on the rating system equal `` I hate it '' ?? that be what it say . -rrb- do not waste you money .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the 15 lb version of these barbell . they have be hold up nicely . I particularly like the fact that these be Hexagon rather than Octagon . my octagon shaped dumbbell tend to roll around a lot more easily than the hexagon type .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product be great ! it be easy to assemble and very sturdy . on another note ... I be not try to take the wind out of the sail of people that buy the Bowflex or PowerBlock adjustable dumbbell , but I be always suspicious about how well they actually work . I also feel weird whenever I go to a local fitness equipment store and they work so hard to try to sell these to I with claim of `` these cost less than a non-adjustable set '' or `` these take up less space . '' I know deep in my heart that these salesman do not care about save I money or how much space I have , they want to make a higher profit . I know that the traditional dumbbell like the one I buy for this rack will be more versatile , can work with all exercise , will not break easily , and probably last I 15-20 year . check out my customer picture for this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I pick up the Shake Weight at a target store while I be stay over the holiday at a hotel and the fitness center have close . I want to do some kind of workout in my spare time and the price , though a little high , a little over $ 30 after tax , seem in line . I be not sure what to expect base on the vary review I have read here , but from the very first use , I could tell it be a quality item and could immediately feel that this isometric type of exercise would be beneficial . it be . in two word : it work . it be seemingly well make , easy to use , and the dvd demonstrate several different way of use it . what they show on the tv ad be also accurate : after do this exercise for even five minute , you will `` feel the burn , '' as they say , and , in fact , I feel it throughout not only my upper body , but my lower body as well . it also seem to tone you stomach and ab and definitely give you a great workout for you upper body . this should not be you only source of exercise , but for quick , at home , or on the road , use , it be a great product - and probably have make its creator a multi-millionaire by now . you can not wrong with it . and , what be more , it be surprisingly lightweight - I be able to fit it easily into my suitcase - which make it a great workout product to take with you on the road . I highly recommend this product . I once buy a small rowing device year ago - and it still work well 25 year later . I have a feeling this product will also last . there be no battery . and it seem to be both well build and safe to use . you get a fine workout from it - a great augment to you other training workout .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I receive the box and it be clearly open . two of the dumbbell rack bar be miss . I have try contact the company to rectify this , via phone all I get be a busy signal and by email they have yet to respond at this point . so it look like I will be return it . too bad , because the unit seem to be pretty nice . Steve W
Dumbbell	NEG	1	absolutely no. . I have have these for a while , and finally come on line to write a review this morning after reach the end of my rope . they be extremely annoying . you have to be extremely careful in make sure the weight be face a certain direction when you lift they because the pin will slide out , most especially on exercise that alternate or flip wrist , like back tri extension or shoulder fly combo . this can be very dangerous and I often have to set the weight down and pick they back up again in the middle of a combo set . aggravate , counter productive , counter intuitive , time consuming . I can not emphasize enough how annoying it be to change the weight when alternate through lower weight , basically anything under 30 pound . to have to stop and open the whole system , remove the interior weight , re-pin the block , etc. . these two thing you will have to do on almost every exercise , so multiply this over and over by you whole workout and think many , many time before you buy .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be concern when I read a few review talk about how difficult it be to assemble this stand . have now complete the assembly , let I just say that this be one of the simplest kit to assemble that I have ever see -lrb- I be compare to thing like Ikea furniture and whatnot -rrb- . just follow the instruction -lrb- e.g. , do not tighten the bolt fully until you have everything together -rrb- . seriously , this thing be dead simple to put together . the bolt be a little tight , but should be a piece of cake for someone who use the 1090 dumbbell -lrb- I have the 552 -rrb- . all you need be the include Allen wrench and a sturdy , ratchet socket wrench . this be a great , sturdy stand . exactly what I be look for .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great product . I do not receive the cd with the dumbbell , but be sure it would help to have that . however , I have be use it and have wonderful result . L.
Dumbbell	POS	5	th dumbell be fine and show up on time , however it be only 1 dumb bell . I think it be 2 . I think dumb bell come in set , so it be a little expensive when you package show up and there be only 1 . not sure what you would do with only one ... I have to order another .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the u-90 set and be surprise at the quality of they . I have work out with Powerblocks here and there over the year and be familiar with various set , include the SportBlock . but they utility be more than I think it would be . if you buy a stand , get the rack stand , not the column stand . these dumbbell be surprisingly heavy ; powerblock do not give a single ounce , so when they read 50-lbs. , you be get all fifty !
Dumbbell	POS	5	ok sure the instruction lack a little . but i be able to put the stand together fairly quickly . do not let the fact that you ; re worried about the assembly sway you from purchace this stand . i put it together in about 30 min . which i do not think be to bad . so if you buy the dumbell be easy on you be self buy the stand do not hurt you ' re back , its worth every penny and effort put it together .
Dumbbell	POS	5	-lrb- 1 -rrb- the price be right , I check other source and Amazon be the best . -lrb- 2 -rrb- delivery be as promise -lrb- 3 -rrb- the product be as advertise -lrb- 4 -rrb- it only take a maximum of less than 10 minute , and you feel like you have have a full upper body workout . -lrb- 5 -rrb- it take a little get use to , but real soon , you be do it like the instructor demonstrate on the dvd .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the dumb bell be good , right weight right size , grip be helpful . its just every time i hold it , it give off a smell that smell like plastic and its annoying and weird . but i have notice improvement in my arm use this weight
Dumbbell	POS	5	read through all of the review both good and bad . the good be this be a extremely durable and stable rack . it be build solid and hold what it be design to hold . Hexagon dumbbell pair be arrange as follow : top rack , 20-25-30 , middle rack , 35-40-45 , bottom rack , 50-55 and a single adjustable dumbell with 60 lb on it . feel sturdy with all this weight -lrb- ~ 660 lb -rrb- and have be in service for a few month now . I decide to put my lighter weight -lrb- 5 , 8 , 10 , and 15 on a small and much cheaper make Gold 's Gym Christmas tree rack from Walmart . agree with some of the packaging issue be sub-par . one of the sticker on the rack be all chew up from shift around but not really a bother to I . overall , I be very pleased for the price .
Dumbbell	POS	4	they be dumbbell , so there really be not much that can be say . but anyway , if you break you wrist and you have not be able to do pushup because you wrist have not become flexible enough yet to put you hand flat on the ground , you can use these dumbbell to hold on to and do pushup . so , see , they have multiple use . but they really cost way , way too much for what they be .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a joke ! if you do not want to ever really workout or ever build a single muscle than this be for you ! come on people !! please !! if you do not want to workout or get in shape , spend you money on food !!!! not something that simply make you feel like you be do something and make someone else rich !! what be next ... 3 second ab ???!!!
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I try the shake weight , know full well that I would have to do the shake . many of the negative review of this product seem to think that the weight itself should be shake , and that be the sole reason why they do not like it . overall , I think this product be pretty good . it be very difficult to learn how to use , in order to keep it shake while move it around , and I think you have to make sure that you reverse you grip from time to time in order to get even work on both arm -lrb- if you hold it with you left hand on the bottom and the right hand on top , you be probably not work both evenly -rrb- . the dvd , nor the product manual seem to indicate this , but I find that it be easy to figure that out by try it . if you be not go to take the time to work with this , just like any product , you will not succeed . you probably will not even figure out how to do it right , the shake of the weight while try to keep you muscle mostly stationary as they say you should do be actually very difficult . it will take practice , but for upper body exercise at home , I think this be a pretty good solution for home strength training . I would have like to see a wider range of weight , or at least a notch or something to add a extra one pound weight or something . as it be , once you use this often enough , you 'll outgrow they `` 6 minute workout '' and start need something else .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it work great with the Bowflex dumbbell . despite the store front in which it be purchase , the over all product be great . it hold up well and it be just right in hight . I use to pick my dumbbell off the floor and then work out . what a stress it be on my back , but now they be the right hight and I only have to grab they and then work out and it feel great . sorry , I be not a writer so my run-on sentence be not a great joy to read , but the product be great and the stand be a space saver ... be it worth the cost ? the age old question . look for deal like I do and wait for the right price .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	not a surprise for a company build on negative option \/ bait and switch marketing . when assemble the stand , it be clear Bowflex design it with the purpose of require the user to embed the bolt into the nut w\/o thread so that its dissemble be virtually impossible without strip the bolt . basically , you will invest so much time in building \/ take apart this poor excuse for a product that you will never return it -lrb- exactly what they want so they can skimp on quality -rrb- . on a parallel track : I buy the heavier weight after the lighter pair both break -lrb- selector become jam render weight useless -rrb- . avoid at all cost . I be dumb enough to purchase now 3 more product after the first 2 fail . of course , there be a warranty but you be require to pay for shipping . combine that with the time to take out of you day plus shipping 100 + lb , a very small fraction of a large number of unsatisfied consumer will , like I , not find it worth we time . I guess they spend all they money on the infomercial , which leave very little for product .
Dumbbell	POS	4	solid , balanced dumbbell . allow I to cancel my gym membership and and work out at home . I have never be a fitness buff so I be not suggest this replace a gym , but for I it be great . I can pop off a couple set in the morning , couple more set at night during a commercial break , do a set of pushup to mix it up , etc. . it add up . one minor ding , fleck of paint have chip off when the end of the dumbbell touch during a workout , which be a little annoying if you be do overhead press , but I be assume that will stop as the paint wear off . I read one review that a dumbbell crack apart during a workout . these be cast metal piece that have be weld together , the odds be low but it be possible , so I do not let they strike together too hard when I be exercise .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I go this product because I have hear several radio show reference it and think it should be this really great product . I have actually be a little underwhelm by it and not quite sure if it be really do much . I have see the video and use it several time , but I be not really feel anything or see any result . my wife have grab it up and be try it out too -lrb- to try to firm up she arm . -rrb- we 'll continue to use it and I 'll leave a update , but for now , I be really not sure if it be worth the almost $ 30 I pay for it . pro : 1 . its not too heavy ... but not sure if this be really a pro since I want to work out . 2 . it look nice ... not sure what more to say about its pro . con : 1 . seem to only be use in a couple limited way -- although I guess these way be suppose to work out more area than what you think ... we 'll see . I hope this have be helpful ... I promise I 'll leave more later as we try it out . if it really work on my wife 's arm , then I 'll likely raise this to at least 4-star .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this set look good . at this price I recommend it . a little too big but it do what it say it do .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I just buy the Shake Weight at Wal-Mart for -lrb- ... -rrb- in they as see on tv section to try it out . so far 9 out of 10 as see on tv item that I have buy have a be a joke . -lrb- Shoes under be the only one I keep and even then I almost do not because it be so flimsy . -rrb- I like to try out the product to see if it work and because it be Wal-Mart I have no problem return it . I do not know how I be go to do that with the Shake Weight because as far as I can see there be no way to test to see if it actually work . how long do it take to make my arm look better ? -lrb- I think this be why there be virtually no review as yet , people can not tell if it be work and they get tire of it before it be obvious that it be or be not work . -rrb- but here 's what I have get so far : `` Feel the burn '' : it be true that you biceps do start to `` burn '' while you be use this product but I think that be from have they unnaturally clench for 6 minute straight while you shake yourself to death . -lrb- yes , this be how the product work , you bicep muscle clench up and stay that way while you be do this exercise . -rrb- I be always teach to do `` rep '' during strength training which allow the muscle to tense and rest every few seconds while you work it use resistance -lrb- i.e weight -rrb- . `` it be a weight '' : no , not really . it have a little bit of weight to it but there do not seem to be any resistance to this tool and it seem that 6 minute of continuously have you tensed muscle shake would just hurt you -lrb- hence the `` burn . '' -rrb- not to mention that even if the product do work there be no way to add more weight to it and you muscle would quickly outgrow it . then it be obsolete . `` shake '' : when do shake fat to shrink it come back in style ? remember those old contraption fat man in sweat shirt would be strap into and it would shake they belly in the hope that it would make they smaller ? there be a reason you do not see those anymore . they do not work and they be dangerous . `` Dynamic Inertia '' : go ahead , Google it . you will not find it anywhere on the web unless it be in connection to the shake weight . when do a product get to coin new physics terminology ? and exactly what do it mean ? `` it look silly and kinda pervert '' : the product do not claim this but almost everyone else do . the product do look like a elegant massage toy and face it , you do look and feel silly shake you arm fat everywhere . -lrb- hey , if you do not have arm fat then you would not be use it . -rrb- and pervert , well , there be even a spoof video on YouTube that be so r-rated that I refuse to discuss it further here . other review on the web : there be like 4 and I think they be all write by the people who make -lrb- or sell -rrb- the product . they have almost nothing negative to say about the Shake weight and one woman even claim it make she boob bigger . yeah right . and finally , the price : -lrb- this be maybe the only good thing about this item . -rrb- it seem as if the manufacturer can not agree on how much this thing should cost . they infomercial list it at a bargain at 19.99 plus shipping and handling -lrb- which I think be like another 7 or 8 buck -rrb- and Wal-Mart have it simply for the -lrb- ... -rrb- . so what be up with they sell it on Amazon for almost double the price ? well , it turn out that the the manufacturer be not the one sell the item . jwwbooks4 be the company sell it through Amazon and I guess they be hope to make a big profit . it be a little shady in my opinion . final Verdict : I guess I be go to see if actually work . hey , I have get 90 day through Wal-Mart , but I be not go to hold my breath for result . if you do decide to try it , go to Wal-Mart and save yourself the shipping and the handle through the infomercial , or the extra 17 dollar they be charge through Amazon . hey , you do have the option to save yourself the headache altogether and do not bother to buy it at all . you can get a decent set of weight for about the same price .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Power Block Classic 45 be a must have if you be do the p90x Extreme Home Workout . yes like with anything man make you will need to be careful but all the safety information be cover in the handout that come with the block , I be amaze at people complain about the pin and if it be not perfect this and that could happen , all be cover in the handout that come with the block , I be use a pair of end screw on dumb bell and you talk about a pain . pause the dvd , unscrew the end , and remove the weight , screw back on the end , un-pause the dvd . so after that routine the power block be a gift from heaven , I work out on carpet and find it easy to roll the block on they side to change the weight , the pin go right in and it give I a moment to do a little check , and I do this without pause the dvd . the power block appear to be a little pricey , especially if you be on a budget . it be mainly because you be pay for all the weight upfront , unlike with dumb bell where you buy a set and when you need more resistance you go out and buy other set , and keep repeat this process until you have spend double of what the power block cost , the main thing here be it be not all at one time , the buying be do over month even year . I really can not tell you how much I enjoy do p90x now with my power block . and in the end if you be look at the power block you have make a decision to get in shape and you can not put a price on you health . only a doctor can do that and trust I it get expensive .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I have actually order this same rack before , very impressed with quality and find set-up take about 1\/2hr : pretty simple . unfortunately this second rack arrive in a box that look tamper with and indeed be . miss many of the screw on the plastic card . look as though this leave the warehouse this way . do call company and be wait on new screw . will update when and if they arrive .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really enjoy this thing ! grant , this exercise could be do without the shake weight , but it be fun to have a prop to help with the shakin ' . be careful though to get use to the weight , and ease you muscle into it before diving into the dvd routine . ; -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be just what my husband need ! no more bend over to heft the weight up off of the floor . the stand be easy to put together , unlike some of the review I have read prior to purchase . I 'll have to guess that bowflex hear enough bad review of the instruction to re-write they . that be say , my husband simply look at the diagram and do not read any of the instruction , anyway . he be not a super handy man , so this be say a lot . he love it , I love that he be safer . two thumb up !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	Times be tough for a lot of we these day so I think I would help out by share my thought about the Shake Weight and how you can make you very own . you 'll need a few thing first . gather a old flashlight , one of those hand-held job that take two `` d '' battery . it should not be hard to find . they be in every Household section of every junk Shop in the world . next take out one of the corroded battery and discard it -lrb- appropriately , of course -rrb- . remove the glass lens and anything that could shatter and wrap hell out of the whole mess with duct tape . now ... . shake . yes , that be how it work . you shake it and it jiggle you arm fat until you supposedly become a supermodel . okay , if you do not have access to a old flashlight , I do have a alternative plan thanks to another reviewer . take a can of pea and make yourself a really strong duct tape handle just in case the can should slip out of you palm while you be do all that jiggle . there ya go ! another set you can share with a friend . when I buy this piece of junk at Walgreens the cashier and I look everywhere on the package to see what size battery it take , just in case they be not include . we could not find anything , nor could we find anything say that this work by my simply shake my arm . I own my set for about 20 minute before immediately return they . I do not mind that they do not work the way I think they do , I do mind that by all appearance on the commercial the model be fight back against some sort of mystical force . I see this as clear false advertising . I recommend the can of pea .
Dumbbell	POS	4	buy this as a gag gift for Christmas . it be funny and worth it . seem to actually work ok though .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the comparison I want to start the p90x program and need a set of dumbbell that would not clutter my small apartment living room . prior to purchase the PowerBlock Classic , I read many review on Amazon.com for other adjustable dumbbell as well as this one . I even go to sport store -lrb- Sports Authority and Sport Chalet -rrb- to try they display model . Sports Authority carry the Select Tech -lrb- 50lb adjustable one -rrb- and the Gold 's gym set . both be problematic . I instantly know the Select Tech dumbbell from Bowflex be poor quality when I pick it up . only one of the dumbbell I could pick up because the other be break ! I have use the Bowflex 90lb version my brother purchase and those be much better quality and work fantastically except with the huge setback of SIZE . they be enormous and cumbersome to lift , often clunk together . the Gold 's Gym dumbbell involve a troublesome slider pin that I could not get use to . I come across a few other similar dumbbell with this pin mechanism and most of the pin get `` stick '' . finally , I come to the PowerBlock Classic . the review the PowerBlock Classic be simple , odd-looking , but excellent . I be scare the magnet\/pin lock mechanism for these dumbbell be weak or fragile -lrb- it really do not look like it would hold -rrb- but boy be it sturdy ! for the other reviewer who warn of the danger of misplace pin , I say that it be not a problem ! the pin snap into place so you know that the pin have be properly put in . sure , the pin can get awkwardly stick into the other slot if misplace but as soon as you try to `` snap '' in the pin , you 'll know you have it in the wrong slot immediately and you can correct for this . I have be use these dumbbell in intensive move and slow move and at all sort of angle with no worry of a pin slide out . these feel very solid with no rattle whatsoever . also , I love that the size of these block be relatively the size of you standard gym dumbbell in term of length so that the dumbbell do not clunk together during a bicep curl . I also love how fast and smooth switching plate can be with these because unlike the Bowflex SelectTech and some other dumbbell , you have to `` fit '' the plate into the other plate . -lrb- just imagine that the underscore be empty spot for a plate and the | be plate . | _ | | -- | | _ | with the SelectTech you have to match the plate back into it be exact spot which take a fairly steady hand to do quickly . this be a slight nuance that I get annoy of but may not be a problem for you . -rrb- with the PowerBlock you simply stick the whole thing into the middle of the remain plate which make it very simple and quick for swap weight . the PowerBlock dumbbell be very comfortable to use with a soft grip so you do not need glove . the extra handle I do not really use but they could come in handy . you can even use these dumbbell as push-up stand since they be that sturdy . conclusion i buy these from Sport Chalet for $ 300 + tax which come out to something like $ 330 so that I do not have to pay for a huge shipping fee . I highly recommend that you get these if you want a set of space-saving adjustable dumbbell . I would say these be the best on the market in agreement to another reviewer .
Dumbbell	POS	5	we receive the dumbbell quickly after order it . it be in excellent condition . my husband begin use it right away for he physical therapy follow he rotator cuff surgery do in August , 2011 .
Dumbbell	POS	5	it get the job do ! it be 15 pound and just like the one at the gym ! : I can not say anything bad about it . I hope I do not drop it on my toe . try to get the 20 word long review ... -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be look for a dumbbell rack that would fit in we bedroom and not be obtrusive . this item look good so I decide to use a $ 100 Amazon gift card to hold my set of dumbbell I have accumulate over time . the package come via UPS . it be well package . after open it and look at the instruction , it take about 15 minute to assemble with a socket wrench . it be simple to put together . I really like the size and color . it have a elegant finish , not the raw steel look you see in most gym . the most important thing for I be that it fit all of my dumbbell . after try this out and switch weight around for my optimal configuration , here be how I have the dumbbell place on each row . top row : -lrb- 4 -rrb- 5 lb , -lrb- 3 -rrb- 8 lb , -lrb- 2 -rrb- 10 lb Middle Row : -lrb- 2 -rrb- 30 lb , -lrb- 2 -rrb- 35 lb , 10 lb medicine ball Bottom Row : -lrb- 2 -rrb- 15 lb , -lrb- 2 -rrb- 20 lb , -lrb- 2 -rrb- 25 lb note : I put my heavy dumbbell on the 2nd row so I do not have to bend over to much to pick they up . I be not able to fit my -lrb- 2 -rrb- 25 lb dumbell on the 2nd row with the 30 and 35 , so I put the medicine ball there . if you have more dumbbell than what I have describe , you may want to buy something bigger . I be really happy with this purchase . Hope this review help .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the barbell be perfectly fine , the gray be a nice color , and shipping be prompt -lrb- with Amazon -rrb- . my only issue be that I have search for a hand weight SET , and this be only one weight . for $ 16 , I feel that it be a little pricey and I obviously have to buy another to complete the set .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I recently purchase this product about a week or so ago . I assume from the tv commercial that the Shake Weight be a motorized device . I be very disappointed at first when I find out that it be not . but when I follow the instruction , the disappointment quickly turn into joy ! I have not even have a chance to watch the instruction\/workout dvd yet , however , just follow the simple instruction and illustration , I get a very effective workout from it and already , my husband , child and I can see some definition in my arm and shoulder . I be think , wow ! if I be start to see result this quick without watch the dvd , just imagine what will happen when I pop the dvd in ... I 'll have those Angela Bassett\/Linda Hamilton arm in less than three month !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be so sorry to hear that some people be hurt themselves with this item . I have have no problem at all with it and I be very happy with it . I be so bad about do thing consistently and almost do not get this just because I figure it would end up sit around gather dust remind I of what I should be do to get in better shape before it be all down to my ankle . but I have no problem find the time to work out with this . who do not have 6 minute ? it be definitely a work out and I can feel it afterward but not in a bad way . I do not do the behind the head thing for the first several day - perhaps a week or more of use it daily - until I feel more confident with the item itself and comfortable with how it work and shift and all that . then I do not push it because you can feel that you be work on area that usually do not get much attention . if you do it right and as someone else mention `` listen to you body '' you can actually work out stress kink in you neck . I stretch with it in my hand first and I do long slower movement with it at first too to sort of loosen up . just like before any exercise - you should get you muscle warm up first . you should never just jump right in and do vigorous exercise or any exercise you have never do before without test the water first anyway . only you know you body and what it be strength and weakness be . I tend to have problem in my right arm and hand so I try and build up the strength in that arm by do shorter work out with it but more often . since I be horribly right handed - my right hand take all the abuse and all the activity so my left arm be worthless too but in a different way - I work that one out for longer stretch though not as many time during a workout as the right . I end up do they both about the same I just spread out the right one more so I do not aggravate exist problem there and hopefully strengthen it so that the muscle will be stronger and less susceptible to minor tweak and twinge . my arm be get icky flabby even though I be relatively active just because I be not a spring chicken anymore -lrb- though I 'll deny it if you say it out loud to my face -rrb- and they be look - oh i do not know - weird ... lol - but they look so much better now . I swear by this product . just do not go crazy with it right away and do not try and do what the fitness freak do unless you be already one . do what you know you can do and then just push the envelope at you pace a little more everyday . I increase my rep by at least 5 or 10 every work out . now I extend the length of the whole work out itself . I have even start use it to work different area that make my back feel great . oh and this be probably obvious yet it never hurt to mention this - you should really make sure you always drink plenty of water and especially after a work out . that help you muscle too - a lot !!! it really can not be overstate . -lrb- no - I do not work for any organization affiliate or associate with this product -rrb- .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	Allright , I have purchase the female shakeweight for my wife , and she absolutely love it . after give it a shake , I decide to go out and purchase the man 's one . after use the man 's one for less than a week , the Shakeweight begin to make some horrible noise , and I call they to ask they about this . apparently , something have come loose within the inside , cause it to make a racket whenever I shake it . now , I know it take lot of technique to shake this and keep it still , but even if you do not do it right , I do not think it should break . so , bear in mind that the Shakeweight be subjective to damage , as the more you use it , the more noise it will make . after use the female one interchangeably with the man 's , I have notice some noise come from it too . my belief be that the Shakeweight have some potential problem , and you 'll probably have to get it warranty out a few time within a year time span . do it work ? yes , I believe it work quite well , despite the problem I have have with it . I like use it , but problem plague its construction . so keep this in mind when purchase it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this thing ! when i first get it i couldnt even use it for a minute cause the burning of my arm ! now they be get into great shape and my boyfriend have even try it a few time lol I recommend to all the woman in my family and share mine when I can ! would get if you want to tone up you arm !!
Dumbbell	POS	5	I travel extensively and be always on-the-go . so whenever i travel , i can not work out with my weight at home and not all hotel offer a gym . so i decide to try out the shake weight since its not so big and heavy as normal weight . I do not expect that now the Shake Weight have become my favorite exercise ! after use it for a few time a week either when i travel or at home , i realize that my muscle have become more tone . it actually work !
Dumbbell	POS	5	do the job . do not take up a lot of space . hold all my weight and be located for easy access during workout . what more do you want .
Dumbbell	POS	4	Easy to use and not too heavy to handle . this really be good for woman of all age since it be light weight but heavy enough to give you a workout .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order product on mon get it on thu ! awesome ! some review state the direction be difficult I however be a picture person I be able to put it together in about 40min or so juggle attention to kid and back to assembly ... over all happy
Dumbbell	POS	5	feel great in you hand , as well . it be a excellent product . I have purchase a 20 lb weight of this brand over 10 year ago and it still be one of my favorite .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	not what i order . instead of the men shake weight i be send the woman shake weight . there be a big diffeeence
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake weight be the best complement to any one workout equipment ! when use properley it do exactly what the trainer say it do ! 5 star ! WooHoo
Dumbbell	POS	5	a true must-have for the bowflex selecttech weight - save you back , let you roll they away into storage , and be especially useful when you want to change weight quickly ! instruction be really very simple , but get the screw tighten require some sweat .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be my first set of PowerBlocks and I must say , I love THEM !!! make very well , sturdy and the handle be contour and very comfortable !!! to select a weight with the pin be a breeze to put in !! highly recommend these as a starter set and these DO NOT Upgrade !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	perhaps the company receive enough complaint and fix they instruction . there be three page , with picture . installation be straightforward as long as I follow along with the picture . I make a few mistake -lrb- like think that `` left '' mean `` leave while look forward '' -rrb- , but the picture clearly show that they mean `` leave look at the front of the stand '' . when complete , the stand be obviously very strong , and the wheel allow for easy movement .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order the entire set for my Husband for he birthday . the bench , dumbbell and this stand . be like he die and go to GYM HEAVEN . he love each piece . the stand be great to hold the dumbbell , which u really need .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a great product - quality and value be superb . just a bit `` bulky '' , but better than have 200 dumbbell in you home . the only `` imperfection '' be that you have to be careful not to hit yourself in the face with the corner . I do not hit , but you do have to be mindful when you do maneuver around you head .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this thing be a huge disappointment . after the initial silliness of play with it , it be not a practical device that anyone would use , and I do not know if anyone else have this problem but with two week the spring come loose inside and the whole thing literally fall apart in my hand . not worth the money -lrb- even as a joke -rrb- to buy something that fall apart so quickly . poorly make and customer service be horrible to deal with . the joke be on anyone who buy this . if you give they you money , that be you problem .
Dumbbell	POS	5	it work ! it do what it say . you need to be patient with it , and just like and piece of gym equipment , you have to learn how to use it . whereas I do not recommend this as a replacement for free weight , or you regular gym workout if that be what you be do , I do recommend it as a addition to they . if you do not have free weight , or do not have time to go to the gym , this will do very well . if you can get a 6 minute work-out out of it right away , why be you use it ? -lrb- LOL ! -rrb- seriously , take you time with it , go as long as you can , be patient with it , use all the different exercise routine that it show you how to use -lrb- the include dvd be pretty good , and the website have even more -rrb- , and work up to as long as you can . you will feel it immediately -lrb- A.K.A. sore at first , burn once you get the hang of it - and burn be a good thing ! -rrb- . the only thing I do have to say as a downside to this be the grip . it be a tad uncomfortable , and it get a little slippery when you start to sweat -lrb- and you will ! -rrb- I highly recommend a good set of workout glove with good rubber grip -lrb- Sears sell they - $ 18 -rrb- . other than that , use it regularly , and start slow , just as you would any other workout regimen , and work up to that 6 minute a day workout . no I do not look like the guy in the commercial - yet - but I notice a significant increase in my arm , shoulder , and abdomen muscle . use the dvd and website !! good stuff for $ 30 !
Dumbbell	POS	4	these barbell work just fine , they be very effective for tone the arm . forget the weird smell of the rubber , if you can get pass that it be all good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the 32 dumbbell set with stand be nice . we have use it quite alot and really enjoy it . I hate to complain , as I hate read complaint , lol , but I buy these from Amazon because they be on the Todays Deal , and I be so excited about get a bargain on these weight ! come to find out , what I pay be the normal price Amazon sell they for , I guess they just jack the price up before put they on the today 's deal . bad form Amazon , bad form ... it make I wary to jump to grab any other Todays deal ... but I will give the product review 5 star as the weight set be as picture and describe .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the stand for these weight keep they out of the way and easier to store . the weight have a soft coating so you will not get callus . I buy these to supplement a barre video and they be the perfect series or 2lb , 3lb and 5lb for the workout
Dumbbell	NEU	3	i get these as novelty gift , but they come without the packaging in a brown box . if you just want the weight it would be fine !
Dumbbell	POS	4	the Apex Dumbbell Rack be easy to assemble . the material be sturdy enough for most home dumbbell rack . the baked paint finish be consistent but may not wear well ; time will tell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbell rack arrive in a timely fashion . it be easy to assemble . it be compact enough to fit into a area of the basement workout area without take over excess workout space . the design allow you to get the weight off the lower rack with ease . it fit a wide range of weight type which we have acquire over the year . all but my teeny 1,2,3 lb weight fit on .
Dumbbell	POS	5	it do everything you would expect it to do . the size be perfect for a home workout area , and you can not beat the price .
Dumbbell	POS	4	pro : - muscle ache and you heart pump enough after the six minute so I think it work - seem like it be relatively sturdy - cheap quick workout con : - make a weird clicky noise sometimes - at first it be really hard to get it move - use it be kind of weird -lrb- I mean hold it right and whatnot , it do not feel goofy or look goofy like everyone say it do ... and trust I I always say it look goofy until I try it -rrb- final thought : I think this would be a worthwhile investment and the pro definitely outweigh the con .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I do not have space for a lot of exercise equipment but I be interested in strength training and lifting weight . my brother have a shake weight and love it so I decide to get one too . after give it a chance , I have come to the conclusion it be just not for I . I can not seem to get it to work as seemlessly as they do on the dvd workout . plus it be only two and a half pound so it do not do much when I be use to use five pound weight . I suppose it be responsible for somewhat tone my arm but I prefer regular weight . it be a nice idea in theory , but hard to use in real life .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it do actually work . you will feel the burn right from the begining . you 'll start do it and think this be not so bad , but after 15-20 seconds you start to feel it . the dvd really be only a $ 1 value in my view as it do not really add any benefit that the enclosed booklet do not tell you .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy this product a month okay , and have be use it pretty consistently since . the bottom line be , I like it , and I do not regret my purchase . I do not think that it be a miracle product , though . as for the pro , it be safe , affordable , and convenient to use . also , the dvd that come with it offer good instruction . at first you may feel a bit of a burn , but after some time , most of the excercise do feel more natural . as for the con , I do not think that it live up to the hype . sure , it may offer some tonage and some improvement of muscle strength , but it really do not feel like a well-rounded workout . this have become my commercial break gadget -- it be a great thing to squeeze in throughout the day . real definition and health benefit , though , take more dedication than the `` six minute a day '' that the product claim be all you need . when I feel like a real workout , I 'll do something else . another con be that the weight can feel really awkward for some of the one-handed excercise . not awkward as in a `` I be not strong enough to do this '' but more a `` this feel weird and unbalanced in my hand . '' as part of a overall fitness plan , I think it serve its purpose . I do not think that this product alone will deliver perfect arm , though .
Dumbbell	POS	4	weight be great . the bench that I get with they be a serious pain to build . the mechanism for the weight be also a little tight but will loosen with usage .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very sturdy rack . hold up my dumbbell set with ease . Grey gloss finish bring out the professional gym look . it be a bonus that it be 3-tier . Higly recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have a large home gym with around $ 30k of equipment . this $ 400 set be my favorite and most use item . I have one set for I and one for my wife and they fit neatly on the stand . they be very easy to use and be the most comfortable dumbbell I have ever use due to the padded grip . I admit that I have my doubt at first . I be worry they the grip would not hold up , the weight selection pin would bend or the weight would fall on my head . after 4 year of regular use , my fear be unfound . the grip be intact and the weight stack be absolutely stable . I have try the newer adjustable dumbbell on the market , but this be still my favorite . the weight selection seem much more secure than the nautilus , and the grip be more comfortable . it be my opinion that these be still the best adjustable dumbbell out there .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I actually purchase the home gym package c directly from powerblock and not the product show here . the gym package consist of the 5-90 elite dumbell , the stand and a weight bench . these item be ship promptly in six seperate package . the stand and weight bench require a little assembly , but nothing too drastic . the stand be a little bit of a hassle as there be a number of small screw and nut and that have to be put in . the bench be mostly pre-assembled , but have a couple part that have to be put in . i highly recommend get the stand . not only be it a great place to store the dumbell , but it make change the weight much easier . change the amount of weight be very easy , and just involve pull the `` pin '' out and slide it in to select the desire weight . the dumbell be color code , so you can quickly see the amount of weight you be choose . use the `` pin , '' the weight be change in ten pound increment . there be `` adder weight '' that come with the elite set , each of which be 2.5 pound . if you use the adder weight , you can change the amount of weight in 5 pound increment . however , the adder weight take a little longer to manipulate as you have to pull the central core out and slide the weight out . i can change the weight use the pin in literally 2 seconds . however , the adder weight take about 10 seconds to change . i have decide to just keep the adder weight in the weight and not change they out . i be find just change the amount of weight in 10 pound increment . one other thing about these weight . when i first get they and set they up , i be not put the adder weight in correctly -lrb- it be a long story , but essentially i put one of the core in upside down , cause the adder weight to slide out when i do not want they to -rrb- . i call customer support and someone answer on about the third ring . there be no voice mail and no wait while i listen to elevator music . i ask to talk to someone in technical support , and the guy that answer tell I he could help I . he be very helpful and we work through the problem -lrb- which have be my fault in the first place -rrb- . this be probably the best technical support i have experience and mile above the usual support i recieve for computer software\/products . in short , i be very happy with my purchase . this be a high quality product make in the USA . i be go to get a lot of use out of these and expect to use they for the rest of my life . they seem to take a lot of pride in what they produce . highly recommend ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	i order two 4lb dumbbell . i use they 3x a week to do arm exercise . they work for I and i like the neoprene coating .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	Shake Weight sound great but I be not so sure that it be worth the money spend . seem very stiff . not at all as advertized .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be perfect for what I need it for . so far I love they . they be just the right weight and not too much for I to handle . I look forward to use they often .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	well as many other im sure i be skeptical still be a bit i certianly be not a exersize buff like some people who claim this doesnt work for they its because you have move beyond the level of intensity this product offer but they suppose 6min work out a day to tone arm be such bull in order to feel any burn from this the next day the video\/workout must be do a few time over otherwise its as if nothing have happen so i suggest use this a couple of time in morning and a couple at night at the very least but the more you work with it the better the burn the next day and the more it burn tomorow the better you work you muscle yes it be a bit odd to use and yes it isnt just the `` shake '' to the workout its about 50\/50 you shake it then use it as a dumbell pretty much but it do work the muscle i havent use it much yet so no real improvement yet but im certain if i can manage to keep at it i will see inprovement
Dumbbell	POS	5	my yorkie be very picky about she treat but she love these . they keep she busy chew which be a nice break from the whining ! anybody who have ever own a yorkie know how much attention they will demand from you ... these treat give she something to do when I need to get thing do . love they !
Dumbbell	POS	5	when I initially have this stand under consideration it be not price , quality , or durability I have in-mind . I read several review about the difficulty of put the darn thing together . I think `` can it really be that hard ? '' . well , upon receive my stand I pull out the instruction guide with some trepidation . I be please to find out that with one thorough review of those instruction , a check of all include item , and digging out a couple of tool to help with the set-up I have no problem assemble the stand in about 45 minute . no skin knuckle or overly sore hand either . I do not want to make light of other reviewer and they assembly difficulty . either I just understand explode diagram really well and have that magic mechanical touch or more likely Bowflex revise the assembly guide . so , do not worry about assembly if you be at least a tad mechanically inclined and at least have a few decent tool lie around . my only negative comment about the stand be the manner in which it be pack . a little more insulation or styrofoam would have be nice on each component because I notice some scuffing and scratch -lrb- nothing so terrible as to warrant a return -rrb- that really should not be there if a little more care be take when pack the item . other than that I be really happy I spend the extra dollar to get the dumbbell up off the ground . the stand and weight on it look great , my lower back be happy , and the stand work just as advertise .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I guess they serve the purpose , but do not be a fool get something of better quality . the bar come in two piece . . so retard ,
Dumbbell	POS	4	Powerblock Personal \/ plus pro : solid , well construct , quick weight change design . selector pin never loosen or require mid work out tighten like other adjustable . although plate shift slightly when in motion I have never worry about the system fail . 10 year warranty , make in the USA . truly portable with no need for a cradle or stand . despite other user complaint the personal plus handle upgrade work fine for I . the weld plate be so thin you would have to have monster hand for this to be a issue . if you have ever look at these on auction site or classified , they really hold they value . con : plate do make a clanging noise when in motion . change plate when you be really fatigue can be a challenge if you do not get the selector pin exactly straight . do not expect a fancy work out dvd or exercise chart , you just get a black and white instruction manual . I suggest the laminated poster . put you hand into a rectangular box do take some get use to .
Dumbbell	POS	4	nice buy for the cost . nicely package and dumbbell do not smell . the stand be cheap but just have a stand in itself be a nice addition to the dumbbell . not the reason I purchase they in the first place . I would buy again for sure .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive a shake weight for Christmas this year , and I be impressed ! it do seem quite heavy and bulky at first , but now two month later I can most definitely tell the difference in my arm and shoulder . I be plan on send they to everyone next year ! -lrb- ... -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have a whole set of these , from 10 pounder to 45 pounder . they be a great fitness aid , as they be immensely portable and can be use in any room of the house , while watch tv , or next to you computer desk . there be a wealth of exercise one can do with simple dumbell : curl , bent rowing , overhead extension , etc. . if you have a bench , there be even more . believe it or not , a home body builder can get a pretty decent workout from a limited set of these dumbell . they be relatively cheap compare to other brand . I recommend they . Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not know if i should buy it , i think it be Wack but i give it a chance and little do i know it work crazy good , it be worth every penny , it be a fast work out that work , just give it a try trust you 'll like .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I officially kick off my effort to work out with this Altus set of dumbbell , and I have to say , they be great . I be definitely a beginner , and do not want to go get a gym membership and be surround by strange people , so I think I would just lift some weight at home . to be honest , I do not even know what Neoprene be when I start look and my only exposure to dumbbell be PE class as a kid where the weight be metal . these be great !! they be coat with this rubberized material -lrb- neoprene -rrb- . they feel good , they just do not slip , they do not smell at all , and they be not cold and hard like metal weight . have no idea weight could be so pleasant to use . I do go through these very quickly . from 3 lb to 5 lb to 8 lb and now I be ready for more . on the positive side , work great and I be stronger in a week ! 8 lb be definitely enough if you just want to tone you arm , but I be on to even bigger one such as 15 lb and 20 lb , but I be stick with neoprene . highly recommend these , great purchase !
Dumbbell	POS	4	the product be the same as you see advertise . buy it for my fiancee and she be please with it .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	i purchase this item for my granddaughter and she really like the shaker for tone up she arm .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	move 2.5 lb around be not effective -lrb- unless you 10 -rrb- . step up to the man 's to get the job do .
Dumbbell	POS	5	pro - Easy to build , few part - the wheel be great for move those heavy dumbbell around - the wheel can be lock in - option to not use the wheel - just the right height for I , I be 5 ' 11 '' - strap safely secure the dumbbell - small footprint con - none final word - if you already own the Bowflex SelectTech Dumbbells you 'll see how helpful it be in they workout dvd .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	when you look at the video it look like the shake weight be do the rebound and you be just hold it but its not you be do all of the up and down movement if you stop move it stop
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I receive my bow flex product very fast . the only thing I be find fault with be one set seem to be very gritty and dirty and not the other . I do not know if the other be defective or use . not that happy with the product for the price I pay .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy this think that I be get two . for $ 11 and change you would think you be get two five pound dumbbell . I know these be good dumbbell since we already have a set of 3 's and 5 's . I be a big guy and we family have begin to workout to fitness dvd . I need my own hand weight so we can work out together . I be not go to use the baby 3 pound weight . I purchase the dumbbell and oop , only one . I start to think about buy a second , but opt to return it since it be still in the packaging . save you money and get a hand weight set . I pick up the Jillian hand weight set for $ 30 . the weight be better balanced . you can do pushup with they . they be very sturdy . no slip . plus they be pretty darn cool to look at . I be a biggest loser fan . plus they be in black . besides for have Jillian 's name on they they do not look girly . do not waste you money get two hand weight for $ 20 or so . get a set where you get two 3 's , two 5 's , and two 8 's for $ 30 . they come with a stand . that be the one bad review on they . because of all the weight the stand might be damage during delivery . my stand arrive in perfect condition but go into the purchase expect the stand to be crack on arrival .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have stop use it for about a month so have not see a lot of result , however that be my own fault . use it morning and evening however it add a little burn that normally help tone muscle . I like it so far , do feel a little awkward use it , however two friend have use it and admit it do add to the work out
Dumbbell	POS	5	when I see these weight on the internet , I be really turn off by the `` square '' shape . I try to find they in local store to see if they be really that ugly in person , but could not find any . however , just as I be set to purchase from a different manufacturer which offer a traditional barbell look , one review on the PowerBlock change my mind . it be a review by a woman state that the PowerBlock 's handle grip be very comfortable for a woman 's hand , whereas as the handle on the other set I be consider buy be fatter in the middle , make it harder for smaller hand to get a good grip . anyway , go with the PowerBlocks in spite of the square shape and be totally in love with they now . they fit my hand perfectly and take up less space than the two pair of dumbbell that I have be use previously -lrb- a 3lb . set and a 5 lb . set -rrb- . and it be really , really easy to switch the amount of weight with the pin setup , which be very similar to the way you change weight on a weight machine at the gym . I would definitely recommend these ...
Dumbbell	POS	4	the weight be fine ... but you only get one . so be sure to add 2 to you cart or you 'll be do lopsided exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be exactly the one I have see in store , but they be available in some of the weight that be not carry in some of the chain store . they be less expensive , and with we prime membership , do not cost a penny for shipping . will be look for more weight in hard to find size through Amazon .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great purchase and it be exactly what we be look for the box be a little worse for wear and we be miss a washer but have one on hand so it be no big deal . nice durable rack .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have only have these dumbbell for a few short week and have not even use they that often . however , the plastic be already crack all over they !! I own other dumbbell with plastic coating and I have not have any problem with those . consider these be `` new , '' I think the quality be really poor . all dumbbell cost around the same price , so I suggest you buy another kind . I hate to see what these will look like in a few month !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	what a nightmare when I open the box ! the bolt , washer and nut be scatter all over the box . as expect , most of the piece be miss . I be also not able to find any square end Cap . the left and right beam be also scratch and the base of the beam be dent . I be not even sure if I be able to fit in the base end cap . these be just some of the few thing I have notice upon quick inspection . not sure what else be miss or wrong with the rack . I be return the item . what a waste of my time .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I wish this be a little heavier . I know we woman be try to tone , but when I workout with this I feel like if I have more weight it would be a little more effective .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Enough have be say about the assembly . I think the assembly be pretty straight forward . it can only go together one way ... it help if you have some real tool , but not necessary . anyway , my initial concern be whether this product would work with dumbbell other than the Bowflex . the answer be ... probably . Mine be not a bowflex product , they be 55 # generic set of adjustable dumbbell . the base they sit on be larger than the platform of this stand . this stand have a platform that be curve at the edge to support the bf product . what I do be line the platform with some of that `` non-slip '' padding use in silverware drawer and under rug . I layer it so the base of my dumbbell rest on it , and then use the include strap to tighten my dumbbell down . it work great and hold they perfectly . I totally recommend this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this product ! , be easy to use ! , when you finish you workout you be not hurt but you can feel you muscle work ! , be compact ! , and in my case as a mom of 3 kid 6 min of free be actually possible , I do strongly recommend
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have purchase the smaller set of these dumbbell that go up to 24 pound as a gift last year however the gift recipient need heavier weight so I buy this set . the reason to not give it a 5 star rating be : this set start at 10 pound and adjust to 45 pound and the lighter set end at 24 pound so I feel that this set should have start at a heavier weight . the only other reason it do not get the extra star be that the stand for these much be purchase separately and they be not inexpensive . otherwise , it be a great product overall . they do not take up much space . they be easy to use . I have coworker that be personal trainer that actually recommenede they when I be ask to make sure it be worth the money . I receive my order within a few day of order and do not pay extra for expedited shipping .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I order this about a month ago to see if it be worth the hype behind the commercial for it . plus , I really do not have a gym to go to regularly , so this look like a good way to stay in shape . after use it for a month now , it be a good workout . the 6 minute routine dvd that come with it leave you sore and feel a nice pump that give you some energy . it do take a litte adjust to , as at first use the Shake Weight do feel awkward and almost like it be not work properly . however , after use it more and more , I find out that the more you shake it , the easier it get to use . and , you can tell if you be use it right if it make a loud noise -lrb- surprise , surprise , a shake sound -rrb- . overall , if you want a fast , effective way of work out without gym time , this be a decent alternative .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Bowflex dumbell stand be heavy-duty and go together perfectly . I have put together a ton of equipment , furniture , tool , etc. , through the year and have never find any instruction as clear and correct , just spot-on , as Bowflex provide . the bolt , nut , and washer be all blister pack and clearly label and every page of the instruction have a silouhette of the bolt , nut , and washer need for that step . the stand be make of heavy guage metal and could not be more sturdy . I highly recommend the stand with the dumbbell , it make they accessible and easy to use and definitely save you back versus pick the dumbbell off the ground each time .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Shake Weight do what it claim . it do not take much , but the result be feel immediately . good for different exercise . I will get another . Shake Weight.com
Dumbbell	POS	5	of course if you have the BowFlex Dumbbells , you must have the rack . it be on wheel so you can roll it to where ever you need it and you do not have to break you back to pick up the weight !
Dumbbell	POS	5	these weight be awesome . so easy to switch from different weight . best part be that they be compact and not huge like my olympic weight . no more spring clamp for I !!! just slide the rod out and slide it in to desire weight and you off . take about 2 seconds to switch weight . Couldnt ask for anything more . these really be the world best dumbbell ! get em , you wont be sorry ! Worth every penny .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase a set of these 5 lb . dumbbell to use with a couple of workout dvd 's I recently buy . they be wonderful . they neoprene make they easier to grab and the hexagonal shape prevent the weight from roll around when you place they on the ground . these weight be not design to help build a huge amount of muscle mass , but when add to a cardio workout , they do help with the muscle toning of one 's arm . I have have these weight for about a month now and really enjoy use they . I plan to soon switch over to the cap gray 6lb . dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these come 1 each ! other than that , they be very grippy and comfortable to use . I use they to add weight to my ab workout and do punch drill . I would recommend they , but remember to order 2 !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I research way to have some home workout equipment that would be small enough to fit in my studio apartment while also provide the maximum benefit for the price . these fit the bill perfectly . adjust the weight amount be seriously a 5 second process . it could not be easier . I have hear good thing about the Ironmaster dumbbell , but those be much more expensive than the Blocks . I highly recommend get the stand for these , as it make they more usable .
Dumbbell	POS	4	fit in the hand weigh what it be suppose to Color irrelevant to the purpose a dumd dumbell , just what I be look for .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great product . change the weight amount if simple and and fast . this one piece allow my wife and I both to use the same equipment . of , Amazon be always the place to get a great and fair price .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	everyone else have expound the benefit of this item with the one con be the instruction . certainly I scratch my head especially with the strap . -lrb- btw you have to unsnap the longer strap and loop the side without the snap through and then use the snap to secure it to the stand . -rrb- I would like to point out a few more con . 1 . the packaging and paint job from the manufacturer be terrible . Mine arrive with multiple paint ding and a destroy bowflex sticker . the bubble wrap provide only minimal protection give the shipping weight . the box easily tear by the UPS guy and I be surprised everything be still there when I open it . 2 . it also have multiple cosmetic paint abnormality such as bubble and run . the paint be also different shades than the bench and the weight . come on , how hard be it to paint the bench and stand the same color ! 3 . the stand tilt the weight forward make it harder to replace the handlebar on the stand if you have a weight that be sandwich between other . this happen because the weight lean . I have the 1090 set . 4 . it be too low and narrow . I be only 5 ' 7 '' and I have to bend down to get the weight . also because of how close they be it be more difficult to assume a correct posture . still it be a lot better than have they on the floor . in all I be expect more than I get but , be a physical therapist , I think you would be a fool to not have something to set these 90 # beast on .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do this everyday and must tell you at first thought I would give it try . do not like what my arm be look like . after 3 week I see result . I keep the dvd in the player and do it every morning . you think at first it be not really do to much but the last of set on the dvd I feel the burn . love it !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent rack for a home gym . it be not as big as some other , but for a home gym with 8-10 set of dumbell it be perfect . the weight be easy to get to and the frame be very stable .
Dumbbell	POS	4	even though we order this a few week ago , we just put it together . it be larger than I think it would be . I do not pay attention to the measurement -rrb- it be easy to assemble . the only complaint that I have so far be that we be miss 2 washer .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I also buy these for use with the ChaLean Extreme program , by Beachbody , which require a lot of weight change througout the workout . they work sufficiently for lifting and for basic exercise . the quick change option be really nice and there be a diverse amount of weight . I would not call this the highest quality product though . they seem flimsy for be close to $ 200 . I be always a little afraid that the pin be go to slip out and cause a injury .
Dumbbell	POS	5	we own a gym that use a lot of free weight and find this stand and currently own eight of they . it be very easy to put together and be heavy duty and stable . will purchase more when need and would highly recommend !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the stand be excellent , it hold the dumbell without give or sway even when you body weight lean over the dumbell during position . this be the second stand I have purchase , the first stand hold my 552 dumbell set -lrb- now go on two year -rrb- . very well design for save you back during lifting . the only difference from my previous stand be that this one do not have a chrome finish , otherwise it be great .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you already know what you be get out of this purchase . it be a sturdy dumbbell that do not roll at all , which make it a lot easier to store . the graduation to this from a 20-pound dumbbell feel like a big difference , though . you definitely will not breeze through this weight if you be do some strength training . I wish I could say more about it , aside from the fact that this be the dumbbell to get if you be look for a 25-pounder . -lrb- not a lot of bell and whistle to review here . -rrb-
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be a very fit , small frame woman , early 50 's and think the ShakeWeight could strengthen my upper arm . as a result of use this device I have sustain a pinch nerve in my neck and tear both rotator cuff , I have my left arm in a sling for the past 4 week . I go to BB&B; , to check out the ShakeWeight in person ; I look at the woman size first , and find it disappointingly light and wimpy ; and it just do not seem like it could do the job ; so I decide to buy the man 's ; which be double the weight , I guess I be not as fit as I think , I do give it a go , work with it 3min a day to start off nice and easy . that little 3 min a day work out kick my butt ! after the 2 first 30 seconds set ; I be out of breath ; I start burn after the third day , decide to work through the pain a fourth day . that night ; I sleep very badly and wake up completely stiff the next morning . I could not turn my head one way or another , then both my shoulder joint be burn , and the pain just get worse every day until I could not function normally anymore ; I be apply a ice pack several time a day . even though I be take a anti-inflammatory ; the pain be like a white hot poker burn through my neck , chest and shoulder . a week later ; I be actually scream in pain and cry like a little child until one of my neighbor bring I a couple of Percocets and a heating pad , which really get I over the worst of it , until I could get to a doctor ; I could not do the basic thing we all take for grant , like brushing my tooth , wash my hair or apply moisturizer to my face or body or even drive for a whole month . imagine not be able to pull you own pants up after go to the toilet ! impossible to sleep without narcotic for that first awful week . I still have to take Advil pm to get through the night , something I do not need to do before ShakeWeight . I be real excite about this product ; I have high hope , and what a disappointment this be . plus I really hurt myself ! it be easy to get carry away with it , because it be fun to use , and I can see how the result could be amazing if only ... the manufacturer need to rethink the marketing of this product , bc the short instruction and the dvd be not very informative , they should stress that this device should be use along or as a part of a total exercise regimen , and that it be not mean to be the whole upper body workout . if you want to use this item you have to already be a gym rat , and be strong and in great shape , make it part of you regular workout routine ; also be a man would probably not be a bad thing -lrb- LOL -rrb- . so lady , if you be not a amazon -lrb- no pun intend , lol ! -rrb- or a body builder , start with the woman size , it be probably safer . let my pain be you warning ! I hope this can prevent other people from hurt themselves unnecessarily . I be in great shape before ShakeWeight , I certainly be not expect this injury to happen to I . it now be 7 week , and I still use the heating pad , and I can not sit at my computer for more than 20 minute at a time , or else I get a monster stiff neck -lrb- from the 5th vertebra to mid-back -rrb- . I wish I could sue they , for all this agony ; but they protect themselves against consumer suit with a little trademark phrase , in tiny letter somewhere on the box , but since I return it for a refund , I can not quote the phrase exactly , but it go something like this ; - consult you physician prior begin a new workout regimen - or something like that . as if ! most people do not go to the doctor until they really need to , when they be already hurt or sick ; not prior to start use a new fitness device , but I think if enough people get injure , it might raise the possibility of start a class action suit ... buyer beware
Dumbbell	NEG	1	the man 's shaker weight do not perform ANYTHNG like the tv advertisement . it be very difficult to get the thing to shake back and forth and do not resemble the tv ad at all . basically , I feel like I have a plastic 5 # dumbell . I be very disappoint in this product . I have a Bowflex and use it religiously 3 day a week . so I be not decondition - that be not the problem . I call customer service and be tell that it do not work as easily as show on tv - keep try .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be a great value . it go together vary easily in about 1 hour . it be very sturdy and look a lot better than have my weight all over the floor . I would recommend this for any home workout gym .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	Christmas gift for son , arrive on time and everything go well . the product be use regularly and in the correct instruct way , while during normal use approx . 3 month after delivery one of the end pop off and trigger by the spring it shoot my son in the chest . I call Shake weight customer service number and be tell to take it up with Amazon , even though Shake Weight make and manufacture this product . very very disgusted with the Shake Weight company .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great price for this dumbbell set and no shipping charge . I go to a couple of sport store and they price be outrageous . they be all ask about $ 2.00 + a pound per dumbbell , ouch . the shipment come quickly in 4 or 5 business day . well worth the wait . the stand be not the greatest but it work just fine if you be not go to be move it about . at the store the stand be a extra $ 20.00 or more . the dumbbell fit nicely in you hand and do not slip if you hand sweat . I would highly recommend buy this set .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be very excite to try the Shake Weight after read the review when it work for people . I try both the 6 minute video and simply shake it , as long as I could go , and unfortunately I do not see result . while I be do the exercise I could `` feel '' it , but I never actually see result . which be a real bummer , because I commit to the six minute video every day . I decide to stop when I do not see a difference and because , like someone else mention in they review , the shoulder action give I serious pain . as soon as I stop use the Shake Weight , the pain go away . though it do not give I the result I want , I really hope it work for you .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I bring this stand for my set of 1090 weight . I have read here that the setup be extremely difficult , but the book that come with the stand I receive be great . I have no problem put it together , and I have trouble put anything together . aside from that it be at perfect height for the weight and they fit perfectly . I would recommend this product .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I use this after a set of pushup . I have do the dvd , but truthfully it seem like no matter how you shake it you be basically just get a upper arm workout . the principle be very old , but most be unaware of it , so it seem new to everyone . you be basically do mini-contraction , almost like a vibrate isometric move . it make a nice finisher to you pushup , but unless you be a real couch potato , you will want to do more than the ShakeWeight for you fitness routine .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love the shake weight . it do everything it be suppose to do . I can feel it work on all my major arm muscle group in less than a minute of use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I like the convenience and effectiveness of this simple work-out . I can pick it up and use it anywhere and feel great . the best feature be that it have improve my posture like nothing else have - after four spinal injure and other back problem , I have work physical therapy and other machine and have strengthe my back , yet this be the best ever for improve posture . I usually use it longer that the 6 minute , although it be good to start out that length of time . thank you Shake Weight !
Dumbbell	POS	5	First thing first : if you need weight higher than 24 pound , these be not the weight for you , as they be not expandable , unlike most other powerblock system . if you do not need heavier weight , however , look no further - these be the best , most durable , quickest adjust dumbbell you can get . it be a great set for home workout quick change to the amount you be lift , like p90x . I buy these weight as a gift for my wife , and she love they . before these , she be use resistance band for p90x , and since buy these , she have not look back . I have a heavier , expandable PowerBlock set , and try a few other in my search for those . the design of this set be my favorite . the biggest advantage be the speed and ease of switching . there be no internal handle weight that you have to remove and add to make small change , nor be there multiple dial that can take awhile to line up like with some competitor . you simply put the handle into the stack and adjust the bar . the set feel safe and solid , and this be of course more cost-effective and space-efficient than buy set of 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , 15 , 18 , 21 , and 24 . for someone who be not look to add bulk or lift heavy weight , this be a excellent buy .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order my powerblock weight because I need more option and fewer weight lie around . I love these weight . very easy to use . I have be use they in my workout several time a week and no problem encounter . my boyfriend even start use they ! I highly recommend this item .
Dumbbell	POS	4	nothing fancy , but these will definitely get the job do . the best part of the deal be the very reasonable shipping charge for the pair .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be not usually sway by these `` as see on tv product '' but I must say that I be quite pleased with this purchase . once the exercise be carefully do , result will be yours ! I be pregnant so I have not try out all the exercise but so far I be pleased .
Dumbbell	POS	5	it give a good workout , but I hear you can go blind by use the shakeweight too often .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have 520 pound on this rack and it be totally sturdy . I be skeptical because of the price of this rack and be extremely satisfy with this product . very easy to take even 50 pound weight on and off without worry of pinch you hand or anything like that . definite 5 star product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I want to buy the bowflex selecttech 1090 DUMBELLS which weigh 90lb each . I CA not find a stand make for the 1090 's . will this stand work with them or will the extra 60LBS of WEIGHT CAUSE PROBLEMS ? anybody USING THIS COMBO that CAN provide me with SOME FEEDBACK ?
Dumbbell	POS	4	I 'll start off by say that if you be hope to look like the guy in the commercial , get a personal trainer and a dietician . you will not be super buff in no time from the Shake Weight . it be not for people who want to be perfectly chisel . but after 3 month of use it myself , once or twice a day -lrb- usually just once -rrb- , I can definitely notice a difference in the tone and shape of my arm and shoulder . in fact I notice after just a couple week . so for I it be perfect because that be all I really want . you can do it while watch tv or whatever to make the time go faster . and the faster you go , the more intense the workout , so you do not have to buy a bunch of different size weight that clutter up you house . so if all you want be a easy way to turn flabby arm into decently tone one , go for it ! I be definitely go to keep use it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	rack be just what I need . it be sturdy and hold a set of dumbbell nicely . it be small enough to not take up a lot of room but still big enough to do the job .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Powerblock Classic 5-45 set work great when you have the stand . I finish p90x with it , it be all I need in the weight dept. . I recommend get the stand . it be a bit cumbersome to change weight setting if you sit these weight on the carpet , whereas on a hard surface , it be a simple and quick change . with the routine I have be do , you need to quickly change the weight sometimes , and with the stand , the weight be at a comfortable height , just perfect . without the stand , change weight setting be a chore .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have see the commercial one night on television and say `` huh , you have get to be kid I '' . I wait many month before I decide to purchase this . I have lift weight since I be a teenager and do all kind of workout with weight in a gym and at home . when I try it I be impress with the result and know it be well worth the price . I do notice on the dvd -lrb- unsure if anyone else notice this -rrb- , but you see he on one arm shake it , then you see he on another , -lrb- unsure why that be -rrb- . I do notice that when you do take one day off then try it again the day after you rest it become harder . so when he say see you tomorrow you bet you should do it daily . as far as do it more then once in a day I would highly not advise this , find another exercise to do , just add more rep the next day if you feel that day workout be not as good as you hope it to be . I have have a few people come over my home and try it out . Grant it they do not lift weight like I have for many year , but these people be struggle and not complete the rep properly . if you want tone and better vascular development , then this be ideal for you !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase this for my wife . it come in 3 box . one big brown box , inside that be another brown box , and finally the last box be colorful and contain the weigh and stand . the stand be flimsy plastic but work . you 'll need a Phillips screwdriver to put it all together . 5 minute later , it be all assemble and hold you colorful weight . my wife be happy with these weight , it cover the major weigh she would need and it be easy to identify which be which -lrb- by color and size -rrb- .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great instruction , easy to use even for this 70 year old , will be use regularly
Dumbbell	POS	5	after do a fair amount of research and read the review I choose this apex dumbbell rack for my home gym and be not disappoint . it be rock solid , functionally build , and fit in nicely . for some reason the instruction say to use 2 adjustable wrench , when all you really need be one socket wrench and it easily assemble in about 15 minute . that 15 minute though do not count the 30 minute it take I to go to Lowes to replace 3 miss screw and 2 washer . the box have a sizeable hole rip open in it upon arrival and on top of that most of the screw and nut and washer that be there be loose , so obviously some fall out in transit . I be surprise I be not miss more . consider that I only pay $ 89 on Amazon for it with free shipping , I can deal with the miss part . it be hard to believe that such a well make product can be so poorly package though , but if you can make it beyond that then this be a great dumbbell rack .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I use my weight almost every day . they be perfect for the tone I want . I would highly recommend this product
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have be use this product twice a day for 2 week and I have to say , it seem to be work well for I so far . yes it do make a noise but personally , do not bother I at all . if you be look to create definition in you arm , I do not this this be the product for you . if you just want to slim you arm down , this should work well . it be difficult to use at first but once you get the hang of it , you will start to feel it work right away . I have already notice a difference in my arm and so have my husband . I be give it 4 star because of the difficulty of first figure out how to work it correctly . other then that I be love it . it be like any work out equipment . the result reflect the effort you put in .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have have these for a while now , and for the most part , I like they . they be a reasonable compromise between individual weight dumbbell and other , more expensive , adjustable weight . it be easy to select the desire weight and with a maximum of 24 pound per dumbell , you can get a good amount of resistance for most common dumbbell exercise . the minor complaint I have be that they could have a bit more room between the rod that connect the weight disc , as my knuckle can sometime rub against they unless I hold it in just a certain way , and also it be not always easy to get the weight selector `` thingie '' in the right place . other than that , a far less expensive option than Bowflex .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the product work . I like it because it be not as boring as just lift . but I would check out the official website and pay they price , you will save $ 60.00
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I order one of these thing in hope that it would really work since my arm be flabby now and i be in desperate to tone they up . I be willing to try new thing and always keep a open mind , but i get the Shake Weight and literally waste my time with it . I have more success use 3 pound dumbbell than with this thing . if you wanna tone up , just get something else and not this . seriously . there be one pro to this though , it make a good gag gift : D and that exactly what i do with it and we laugh and burn it .
Dumbbell	POS	4	safety be the key when purchase gym equipment . never consider price over safety . 1 . the quality be great . paint steel look amazing , and with the cool decal , look professional . 2 . it have a smaller footprint to take less romm in a personal gym . 3 . it hold we 5-50 pound dumbbell set , minus the 5 and 10 pound set very well . 4 . build time be 40 minute . the cross bar get bolt down to the main frame . nice corrosion treat hardware with locknut . 5 . price be stunning consider the other unit available . I recommend this for the beginner .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great tasting , all 3 dog love em , and easy for the older dog to eat too .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I should have know better . most of the junk you see on `` as see on tv stuff '' be junk . make a great paper weight !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this after see it on tv . honestly , I be skeptical , just like all the other buyer of this product who give it good review . after receive this and try it out , I would say it work . it will not be a miracle product for everyone , you still have to put some effort into use it . although it do make you look silly , you can always do it in the privacy of you home . my only qualm about it be that it can be initially hard to use at first and can slightly painful for people with soft hand . nonetheless , I give it 5 star !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not know why other don ; t like it may be they be seriously body builder . . but for young adult who only want to be physically fit this be good start . also you can use this for warm up before you start dumbbell . if you be busy at work and have no time you can use this even 3 minute only .
Dumbbell	POS	5	pro : sturdy . nice look . low price for what you get . con : a few minor scratch on arrival , be not package too well . other : I reverse the top rail and it hold a full set of aerobic weight nicely -lrb- 2,4,5,6 , 8 lb . -rrb- my second tier hold 10,15,20 , and 25 lb . bottom hold my 30 , 35 , 40 lb . I put my 50lb set on the floor next to the rack . very efficient use of space . I love it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I travel for a living . I miss my weight at home and not all hotel offer a good exercise room . I purchase the Shake Weight because of it be size , weight and portability , but really do not think it would be all that effective . now the Shake Weight have become my favorite exercise . after use it on the road a few day I notice I could increase my rep or weight on my set at home . muscle definition become apparent after a few week . so I use the shake weight every time I exercise . it be my warm up before my weight training and my primary exercise on the road . my only wish be if they make something that effective for the lower body as well . if you be very much out of shape and overweight , I would suggest weight loss before any exercise program . I lose over 70 pound before get serious about the exercise . how ? see -lrb- ... -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be look for adjustable weight and they be either cheaply make or way too expensive . I think these be a good balance between price and functionality . there be no way I be spend $ 400 on the Bowflex one , and when I try the Reebok one at target , they be tre cheap -lrb- not sturdy enough -rrb- ! it be a little fidgety to get use to how they work , but it only take a few try to get it down . I like the color coding of the weight increment , make it easier when you be try to shift from one exercise to the next . I use they with a series of video -lrb- Chalean Extreme -rrb- which be constantly change weight between exercise , and I find they very manageable . also , I like how compact they be to store and to use . the Bowflex one look so ungainly when you be use lower weight . I think this be a great product , and I highly recommend it !!
Dumbbell	POS	5	like most bowflex equipment , it be well design , and be very easy to assemble . it hold the SelectTech weight perfectly , and look nice too . this be a must-have if you own the SelectTech weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I get my powerblock in only a few day after order with super saver shipping . I start use they and right away I could see they be solidly build and I would not have the same issue with weight fall off with other selector dumbbell I hear horror story about . I do notice a small crack in the selector pin that be mainly a cosmetic issue . I call the support number and be quickly greet by a support agent . after confirm the issue , he say there be a new pin on the way and sure enough there it be about two day later . overall great product and service experience .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I purchase these on sale at a local sport store . I be in love with the design and basic concept and i be in a hurry . but I buy the one that be only expandable to 50 pound assume I could get a expander kit to 90 pound . apparently the classic be not expandable . so I will return these and purchase the 90 pound version .
Dumbbell	POS	5	at first i be very skeptical . be in gym i say no way a little dumbbell can do all they claim . it do but the rip part that be good genetics . i have be work out over ten year i be no slouch but the shakweight be hard i have trouble do twenty seconds . some review say it be hard to get it shake that be the point if it be easy you muscle would get no challenge . i personally work out a hour and a half a day that be not for everyone but i do recommend additional exercise it be not a magic weight . but very good addition . try it i do and i be happy even with all the negativity .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the shake weight produce a slight burn after you use it , but it should not replace a dumbell set . man and woman would have toner and stronger arm if they invest they money and effort into a set of dumbell . even just a pair of dumbell at a comfortable weight allow you to do more excercise than the shake weight due to the shake weight limited motion . I beleive the majority of the people that rate this item so high be because they have never actually use a pair of dumbell before in they life , thus they think the shake weight be a effective piece of equipment , which be really be not . however , use the shake weight be better than do nothing at all , and minimal result be better than no result at all .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Came in box with hardware neatly place in shrinkwrap attach to card . no miss part . put together with one 5\/8 inch socket wrench -lrb- for each of the 12 bolt with nut\/washer pair , and one rubber mallet -lrb- tap on each of 4 rubber foot -rrb- . take ten minute . item be make well . large metal piece each neatly tape in bubble wrap . sturdy and attractive ! I have , besides a few regular dumbell , the bowflex selecttech system , and each dumbbell sit on a flat base . I be go to place , on the top row of this rack , each SelectTech base longwise -lrb- parallel -rrb- and wrap a 2 foot -lrb- actually about 22 inch -rrb- velcro strap to hold each base tightly . this apex rack will allow I to store the SelectTech dumbbell as well as all my soloflex strap and several other dumbbell for less than the cost of , and in a more space-efficent way , than the awkwardly design overpriced behemoth selecttech rack that cost about $ 150 . total first rate bargain ; very satisfied customer !
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be a gift for my wife for Christmas . they work great as it keep she do something else besides nagging I . great product
Dumbbell	POS	4	good product . Easy use . take up little space . the vendor have a great deal of difficulty get this product to I and I have to do some prodding to get a response from they . but once I do make contact , they be helpful and appropriately apologetic . recommend this product but would do some more research on the vendor .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have search all over the place to find 4 pound dumbbell 's with no luck . the only drawback to this be that it be not sell in a `` set '' , you be pay for one dumbbell alone . I purchase two of they and also purchase something else so I could qualify for the free shipping . I be very pleased with my purchase !
Dumbbell	POS	5	Great use they all the time . they be really useful for work out with . I like how easy it be to put together and it look neet in my bedroom ! THEY be the bomb
Dumbbell	POS	5	when look for this stand we find this one to be the best price . the delivery be on time and in great condition .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I give the shake weight to my son for Xmas . it do not work . it create no kinetic energy or resistance . my 3 yr old granddaughter can shake it with no effect . you could hold a gallon of milk with out-stretched arm at shoulder level and get the same effect . even better . what a waste of money . I give it no star . edge in Reston , Va
Dumbbell	NEG	1	be not package well . Components receive damage and the part bag be damage enough that it be open and part be miss .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this product shortly after break up with my girlfriend to get more `` exercise '' . I truly enjoy the workout although I tend to fall asleep pretty quickly after I be do . however , this product be useful in more way than one . on a recent hike trip in Yellowstone , I kill a charge bear with the shakeweight . BEST MONEY I have ever spent !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	definately need to get the stand . look great ! well build . take up very little room . if you buy the dumbbell buy the stand .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product be too light to really be of much use as far as result be concern . guess if you do no physical activity it might make a difference .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the first few time we see this commercial on tv , my husband and I laugh we butt off at the motion you have to use the product in , as it look like a certain sexual favor be be perform . out curiosity though , I end up get one for free and I be shock to admit , it actually work ! it 's real simple to use and within 3 minute you can already feel it work ! definitely a keeper and so glad I give it a try rather than write it off due to the silly advertisement !
Dumbbell	POS	4	product arrive quickly . I purchase both this and the Bowflex SelectTech Dumbell stand and I be impress by how heavy\/sturdy they be . assembly for both be a breeze . Bowflex clearly have they act together . if it be I I would have include some form of ` lock mechanism between the base of the dumbell holder and this stand .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I like the Shake Weight . it definitely be a quick workout and hard to do for 30 seconds unless you be really go easy with it . you can really feel it so it be definitely do something . however , at first it may be a little difficult get the hang of use it properly so it have the right motion and do not wobble . it come with a dvd with a 6 minute workout show several different position and way to use it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a fabulous product . although I have read complaint about the assembly direction , I think they be clear . it be always a good idea to read the instruction all the way through before assemble anything . the 1st page list all the part and show the exact size of the different screw . each step tell you which size screw to use . the only thing I would recommend be that you use a crescent wrench along with the allen wrench that come with the kit for tighten the screw . the screw fit tight and be stiff to turn . with a crescent wrench , it be not a big deal . it do take over a hour to assemble , but it be very sturdy and safe to use when complete .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do my research on this item as well as the Bowflex similar item . this be by far better !! they be easy to exchange down to 2.5 lb to fine tune the ideal weight you need to maximize you workout . not many move part so less chance of a failure . $ 100 cheaper for these compare to Bowflex and a far better product , go figure !!
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I have email twice before on how to return item . I have get no answer on how to do that . Martha Maus
Dumbbell	POS	5	very well design and make . weld side support . simple assembly . well organize fastener . support whatever you can put on it . i have 5-50 # and it be solid as a rock . you need a dumbbell support system , you will not find better !
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , this product will not turn you into a rip muscle god but it really do work . my chest , back and arm be defiantly tone up since I have be use this . I use it once or twice a a day . the only other thing I do other then use the shake weight be sit up 's ! it really do work but you must use it daily to see result . also , it take about a month to start see result . I look forward to use the shake weight everyday !
Dumbbell	POS	5	before I purchase this rack I have DONE RESEARCH ON OTHER SIMILAR RACK that be more expensive and did not look as good as this one . when I purchase this item I think it be one of those cheapy rack that I would end up REPLACING in no time but once I receive it and see the quality of material this rack wa make of , I be BLOWN away by the FACT that I get a great deal for a very great price . the SHIPPING WAS very FAST and I even receive MY ORDER A COUPLE DAYS before the actual ship date . fast processing . I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM NOT ONLY BECAUSE of it be PRICE BUT BECAUSE IT will last you for a very long time . it be ALSO very stylish that 'LL give your WORKOUT ROOM A BETTER LOOK .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand be a must have especially if you have the SelectTech 1090 dumbbell . it can be a big pain and almost dangerous to be constantly pick up that kind of heavy weight from the floor . I be sure they work well with the 552 series also . also come with roller for easy movement around the house or garage .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the man 's Shake Weight , read the instruction and watch the enclosed dvd . I have also watch the ad online . the product in the ad and the one you buy be totally different . absolutely do not buy it . you can get the same benefit and perhaps better by shake any dumbell you exercise with . the spring on each end only react once with every shake you make yourself . the one in the ad vibrate many time for each shake you make and even sound like it have a small dynamo in it and probably do . it be a exercise scam , do not be fool !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a joke . it do not move smoothly . there be no `` weight '' to it . I do believe my large tomato juice can do the exact same thing as this . . and be heavier . if this work for someone . . congratulation . however . . buy a $ 1.25 can of juice . . and save some money for better result if `` tone '' arm be what you search .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have my 50 lb Powerblocks do p90x for over a year now with not one complaint . I have the Selectech 50lb weight and after about three month the selecting mechanism start to seize on both ! for the price , the build , and simplicity , Powerblocks be the only multi-barbell I recommend !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be unsure about purchase this product because of review and other comment . I go ahead and take a leap of faith . glad I do , this really work if you use it correctly . there be a lot of confusion out there that this item run on battery power ... this be not true !! you have to use you energy and muscle to make this work . it take awhile to work up to the full 6 minute , dont give up . I start out in 30 second interval until I could work myself up to minute . I could tell a difference in my arm within a couple week ... still have a while to go but between this item and the resistance band I feel like I be get a really nice workout on my arm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	for someone who live away at college with a room to myself this be the perfect way to workout without too much equipment . it will take I a long time before the weight in this set no longer challenge I . the dumbbell be very sturdy , easy to change , easy to clean and store . I highly recommend they if you be look for a easy way to reduce clutter in you exercise enviroment . plus since individually dumbbell cost around $ 10 - $ 30 depend on the weight , you do get a good deal out of these .
Dumbbell	POS	5	have be use my set for 3 year now . they be hold up just great !! `` SALLEN FROM il . '' sound like a whiner and a idiot . buy these , you 'll love they .
Dumbbell	POS	4	although I find it more difficult than it look to keep the weight vertical -lrb- and look like the video while do so -rrb- , the shake weight do work and it appear to provide a good workout in a short time . this be a intense workout for a woman whose main arm exercise otherwise be use the mouse or shift gear in the car . however , after use it for a couple of week I can tell that my arm be stronger and more tone , so I be please with the product .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	be very careful . I have work out for 25 year . I have never have a injury. , , until use the shake weight . I get it as a impulse because it look different and I be curious . I like it at first . the same day that I have use it for the first time , I feel neck twinge . now I have severe neck pain that have go on for 4 day . I cant turn my head . I cant drive or sleep at night . maybe my fault , as I do the workout and do not keep my foot flat on the ground in a stable way . I walk around the room while do it . bad idea . it create a whiplash effect .
Dumbbell	POS	4	First of all , I would like to address those that say you can do the same thing with household object and dumbell . no , you really can not . the whole dynamic inertia thing may sound phony , but the movement of the weight really seem to help I more than use of dumbell ; I feel a lot more muscular contraction go on which seem like a great way to build muscle and get lesser-used muscle go . the shake weight itself get a 5 for I , but the dvd get a 2 or 3 . the reason I be not such a fan of the dvd be the fact that there be not a lot of explanation about the move and frankly , it do not look like the instructor be even be consistent -lrb- during the shoulder section , she change she arm position , then when they cut to the side view it be back where it be suppose to be . -rrb- my main gripe , however , be that I be hope for more from this dvd and more from the maker of Shake Weight . maybe another instructional with more advanced move or just another video to work out to ? more tip ? when look at the website , there be no resource available . they clearly do not care what you do once you order it . so all in all , this be a great product . I be feel the result and my arm look a little tighter after just a week of daily use . if you be look for a product which go above and beyond to keep user motivate ; beware . the Shake Weight be great but the maker of this product do not provide much in addition to a bare-bones dvd ... unless you want to buy a $ 10 timer .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	2 out of the 3 exercise on the intro to the Shake Weight 6 minute work-out dvd be ok but the 1 that be over the back be both odd and I be not really sure I be do it right . I rate this a 2.5 \/ 3.00 star .
Dumbbell	POS	5	not sure why other reviewer have trouble with the assembly , but with basic tool it be no problem . product quality be good and the stand be attractive . make use the weight set alot more pleasurable , and worth the investment to save you back .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these powerblock work as advertise . I prefer the bowflex adjustable dumbell due to the way they adjustment mechanism work , but they be considerably more expensive and require the use of a base . these powerblock work well overal and seem to be very well construct . the magnetic pin mechanism work well , although sometimes it seem awkward insert they , especially when the insert location be near the bottom of the block . once the pin be insert , the block be very reliable and stable . I have never experience drop or partially connect weight , which be something that can occur on the similarly price weider adjustable dumbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	a little difficult at first but with practice it become easier . muscle in forearm be be define and it be build up my shoulder . Easy to pick up at any hour of the day and do a 60 minute burst .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	these be cheap for the price 180 or pay 350 for bowflex dont hesitate get the bowflex and dont look back ... these look like they select from the top however they have a cheap cheap plastic slide in with a prong like system ... they be frustrate to get the correct weight on both ... I also have the bowflex and wish I could return these and buy the bowflex however they be for my wife so it be what it be ... once lock in they be lock in they be fine ... wouldnt recommend and wouldnt buy again .
Dumbbell	POS	4	im almost 60 year old . I have be work out since I be in my teens and have continue to engage a lifestyle of eat right and exercise with all type of free weight and machine . I weigh within 10 lb of my high school day and my waist be still a 32 . Shake Weight be another tool and in my opinion a good one . after use it I can feel the muscle pump in my arm , shoulder , chest and back . which mean it do work by stress the muscle group it target . if you think you 'll look like the guy in the demo ad after use it awhile , then you be naive ! if you be so out of shape from not exercise in 20 or 30 year and you think just use the Shake Weight be go to make you physically fit like the guy in the video demo , then you be mistake . if you be just a whiner and complainer who think it be battery power or should be battery power , then you be a nitwit who know nothing about what it take to achieve or stay physically fit ! there 's no such thing as passive exercise that will produce result . try watch `` the biggest loser '' and see how hard they be work and how they be do it . finally , if you be the type of person who believe everything they see , or hear , on tv and infomercial , then you be what we call in the military a `` zipperhead . '' Means you have no brain . physical fitness be never achieve by use just one exercise , device , or technique . but a combination of all sort of exercise , device and technique . Shake Weight be just another tool in the arsenal .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy this to workout one of my problem area , my arm ! it seem to work pretty good once use twice a day , but it be not challenge enough for I . it seem that once I get use to it , it be too easy to use . it be good for people that be not use to do a lot of arm strengthe exercise . a good beginner for arm !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have a whole set of these , from 10 pounder to 45 pounder . they be a great fitness aid , as they be immensely portable and can be use in any room of the house , while watch tv , or next to you computer desk . there be a wealth of exercise one can do with simple dumbell : curl , bent rowing , overhead extension , etc. . if you have a bench , there be even more . believe it or not , a home body builder can get a pretty decent workout from a limited set of these dumbell . they be relatively cheap compare to other brand . I recommend they . Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I get the item I though it could be easy to set it up , but I be wrong . the instruction be so bad that it include only one paper with no picture , tool be not number or name . I get the picture from the internet , but it be still difficult to figure out which screw be go in which hole . the screw be too big and too small ... I have hard time set it up , it take I almost three -lrb- 3 -rrb- hour to set it up . but the bumbell be great . and one star be because i cant put lower then that ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be use these sportblock for a little over a month now as part of my workout routine . for my purpose of gain a moderate amount of size and then tone , these have be perfect . I find the weight to be easy to swap between and relatively quick . it take a bit of practice -lrb- especially on carpet -rrb- to get the safety pin lock on the correct weight and securely . on carpet , the trick be to push down on the handle when insert the pin . just make sure it `` click '' when fully insert to know it be secure . rarely do I need to press pause between rep when need to swap to a heavier or lighter weight . the safety pin could use a re-design . it be plastic and flexible which can sometimes allow you to incorrectly misalign on two different weight , or split the pin around two weight . as long as you be pay attention , usually not a problem . pro : 3-24 lb be perfect for my frame and workout purpose I do not have 3 pair of standard weight sit around clutter my living room quick switch between weight be easy and color code rubberized grip be easy to grasp and do not slip con : the safetey pin be make of plastic and flex . minor issue , but the sticker on the top of the handle on my weight be not align properly . because it be a thick plastic sticker , it be cause a few scraped wrist . I just peel they off and re-applied . rattle a bit when move around but appear to be secure provide the pin be properly align I be very happy with these weight to date . they be well make overall , versatile , and easy to swap out during a workout routine . not to mention less clutter in the living room to keep the wife happy . bonus point !
Dumbbell	POS	5	gizmo and Nicky love these treat . I call the company with a question about they product and talk to the owner . he be very nice and helpful and send we some sample of they other product . I would buy these treat again -lrb- and they other item -rrb- .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I research all the adjustable dumbbell on the market and end up buy these . I could not be more pleased . I have not encounter a single workout yet where the size of these baby make they inconvenient , whereas this be the chief complaint with many other adjustable . sure they rattle a bit at the top and bottom of rep , but most adjustable do and it be really not even worth consider as a negative aspect . switch weight be incredibly easy and fast . if you can get these for $ 300 , jump on they and do not look back . the other adustable try and mimic the same model -lrb- think selectech -rrb- , but Powerblock have the gut to actually design a product that do not compromise function for style .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I decide to buy this product at target after read the positive review and I have to say , this thing work . I use to go to the gym and lift weight and tired of the routine . after a few year of work out at home only once in a while , my body have become soft and I want something to help I get back into shape without take up a lot of space in my house and something that be convenient but also target a lot of muscle in my arm and shoulder . so this product be perfect ... so ... let talk about my first two day ... I can not fully complete the full 6 minute work out and my muscle be burn . I would end up have to do it for 15 sec on each set out of 30 seconds . so it do work ; even thou a lot of people like to make fun of the way it look when you work out with it . also , I see some video of people work out with it and do it wrong and say it do not work . they posture be wrong , they do not keep they body still , and when they be do a set , they would only do it for 5 seconds and switch it to another arm . if they try to do the 6 minute workout , they would of be to embarrassed to post the video online . I think this product be perfect for people who work full time , do not have time for a 30-60 min of weight lift a day and who sit at a computer all day . I be one of those people and I see it as ... at least I be do something . I have read after a while of use this device , people start to do it 2-3 time a day . I plan on get there ... but I be also plan on add 3 set of push up towards the end use the Perfect Push up device and also do some dip since I be not feel my chest burning use the shake weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	a must have for you bowflex dumbbell . it get they off the ground and make they easy to move around . it be super easy to put together . a bit pricey imo , but there be not many other option .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just move and do not want to pay for -lrb- or go to -rrb- a gym . these weight be perfect for I . the grip be nice , not grainy or slippery . a little assembly of the stand be require but be very quick and easy . so far the stand be hold up very well and can also be conveniently `` hide '' out of the way in my living room . great purchase !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	my husband order this shakeweight and one end fly off while he be shake it . Springs and little part fly around the room . we try to put it back together , but could not . he do not get enough use out of it to know if it be effective for strengthen .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I like these dumbbell a lot , in fact , I believe they be the best and safest adjustable dumbbell on the market . however , they be not without some drawback and risk . for example , it be very important that the pin assembly in place through the hole straight and not upside down . if you do not check this , it be possible a plate can break loose . there be a backup elastic strap that will protect you in most exercise , but not all . overall , these dumbbell be comfortable and more compact than the round type for a give weight range across the same number of increment . they be not awkward to lift , but as you go to larger set , it become difficult to get a full range of motion for some exercise such as upright row because of they length . the smallest set of this type be in my opinion the best and most convenient . if you go beyond this range , you can add additional dummbell as you need they or get a upgrade kit . however , I like these less as they get bigger . in general , I wholeheartedly recommend this product and the stand that come with it . if you make pin adjustment on the floor , especially on carpet , it be more likely you will make a error in pin placement that could cause a injury . if you circuit train with very little rest between set , these be a must have and I also find they be great for use on a stability ball to simultaneously hit the core muscle .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I wish I could give star in half ; this product would get a solid 4.5 from I . round up to a 5 would mean folk who be not take the time to read the review might assume that there be really no room for improvement , but there be . after read this review you might think I work for Powerblock or something , but I do not . when you be spend between $ 150-400 on a set of `` high performance '' adjustable dumbbell , apply a bit of logic can go a long way for you satisfaction and safety . \*\*\* area that COULD USE IMPROVEMENT \*\*\* to help counteract the perceive bias I might have , I be gonna try something different ; I be go to start with the con of the Powerblocks . 1 . the magnet in the selector pin could be stronger . as a safety measure , there be magnet in the pin that hold it against the bar on the side of the weight stack , reduce the chance of it slip out during a exercise . this make a lot of sense , but the magnet be pretty weak . during some pretty basic exercise the magnet will come lose and lose they hold . now do not get freak out -- it be not like the pin fly out and it be scary to work out -lrb- there be a elastic band act as a backup safety also -rrb- . I be talk like millimeter here ; I can see that the pin have move just enough where you can tell the magnet be not hold . rather than a whole bunch of cheap magnet within the pin , two small high-quality earth magnet would give a better hold while still be pretty easy to remove . 2 . the weight selection process can be a bit finicky on carpet or non-flat surface . because there may be a bit of shift in the weight stack on carpet , sometimes it be tricky to stick the weight pin in correctly . I recommend leave these weight on a hard surface while in use , or better yet get the sport tray\/stand to accompany they . 3 . the pin can be put in crooked across two different weight . if you be not pay attention -lrb- and you should be ! -rrb- , it be somewhat easy to put the pin in crooked so that it cross two weight . you will probably notice this right away when you go to pick up the weight , and it be not that big of deal since the pin still hold onto the heavier weight , but possibly re-engineer the pin shape or something could help prevent this entirely . \*\*\*\* POWERBLOCK VS. the competition \*\*\*\* okay , now here be the part where you assume I work for Powerblock . let I say that this set of dumbbell -lrb- and the Powerblock line in general -rrb- be a much better choice than the selecttech -lrb- st -rrb- . while compare these 24-pounder to the 52 pound SelectTech 's be not really fair simply for weight comparison reason , I want to point out why I think this line be vastly superior : 1 . the  bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell  and by the way , they be WIDE -- about 16 '' each . imagine do curl with 5 pound per hand and need thirty two inch across to do it -- make for a uncomfortable curl , especially for narrower people . the Powerblocks -lrb- PBs -rrb- , on the other hand , be narrower and more compact the less weight you add . all the stuff you do not need be leave on the floor , not in you hand . 2 . the st require you to turn two dial to appropriate number on each dumbbell . there be 15 different weight setting on the st , so what if you next weight be on the opposite side of the dial ? that be right , it will require eight click per SIDE of EACH DUMBBELL to pick up the new weight . that mean it take between 4 -lrb- minimum -rrb- and 32 -lrb- maximum -rrb- click of the dial to change weight each time . and you can not just flick the dial , either . the PBs , on the other hand , require two move no matter what weight you be select : pull the pin out , put the pin in . period . 3 . the st , while far `` cooler '' look , have a lot of plastic on they . pick a set up at you local Sports Authority and see if you can tell how the weigh selector mechanism work . then , consider how durable -lrb- and potentially unsafe -rrb- you think you $ 400 weight would be if you drop they . the pb be mostly metal , with the inner handle be the only thing that contain plastic , and it be not cheapo plastic either . if you drop they , I be guess they would hold up fine , although I would not recommend it . 4 . with the st you have to have the base to set the handle back into due to the design of the product . if you do not have a tray to hold all the weight that be leave behind , it would be a nightmare to put the handle back together and try and switch to another weight . in fact , I would like to see someone try = -rrb- the pb be self-contained , so they work fine without the stand . the weight that you do not pick up stay in a compact stack that will not move . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* conclusion and summary \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* aside from those gripe , I really enjoy these Powerblocks . in fact , I grow out of they and trade up to the Sport 9.0 model -lrb- which I will review separately -rrb- . if 24 pound per arm be enough for you routine , it be a absolute no-brainer to pick these guy up . note that Amazon have build in the shipping cost to the price of these dumbbell . -lrb- edit 5\/25\/2012 : I notice today that Amazon be no longer include the shipping price in the cost . for 150 ship free , these be a great deal ! -rrb- pro + much more compact than the competition + quick weight change to ANY weight + well built\/durable + great price on the lower weight set -lrb- if 24 be all you need -rrb- con - magnet in pin could be stronger - do not work quite as well on carpet - possible to put the pin in crooked if you be not pay attention
Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I receive the apex rack , it have obviously be use . everything be out of the packaging , and be rewrapped lazily and quickly . all of the bolt and washer be loose in the box , and some be suprisingly miss . the rack be scratch and dent , probably since it be use previously . I buy this as a new item , but it be not even close . very disappointing .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I do not even use it anymore , it just hurt you joint . you do not get that sore feeling like you would from normal weight -lrb- or any normal workout -rrb- so you know you muscle be not get work correctly . yes , my arm be die after use it , but it feel the same just swing it around like that with or without the shake weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	all joke aside this thing work pretty good . a great little tool and super easy to use . Kinda fun , kinda funny !
Dumbbell	POS	4	would recommend to other . very sturdy dumbbell that allow easy storage . price be a bit of a turnoff , however with the amount of room I be save by use these they be quite worth it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	buy it , watch dvd , do exercise with dvd on , 6 min. , now typing with one finger on my left hand -lrb- I be a righty -rrb- , have surgery on Monday to repair damage cause by this product . cost of product = = = = = -rrb- $ 20.00 , cost of operation , loss of wages , 6 week recovery period = = = = = -rrb- $ 23,000 and count !!!!!!!! I be a register nurse , in excellent health , exercise on elliptical trainer regularly , be able to follow direction to the letter , and STILL get a very serious and costly injury directly related to the use of this product . my job be to educate my patient on the use of various product to maintain they health and well be and I feel this product fail terribly in it be education to the user . there be the standard disclosure to check with you doctor before start any exercise program but they fall short when it come to actual use of the product . I have since find out that you should never begin exercise of you upper body with this much weight initially and a gradual increase to allow you muscle to build up be absolutely require for all exercise program . the Shake Weight do not allow for gradual increase and due to this it be a dangerous and potentially harmful product . I , for one , will be follow up on it be continue presence in the marketplace and will hopefully have it remove from the marketplace to prevent further costly and painful problem to the consumer . nurse educate but we also protect the public safety and I feel it be necessary for I to step up to the plate and see to it that a product that be injurious to the consumer be remove from public consumption .
Dumbbell	POS	5	just like the SelectTech weight the stand be design to hold , this dumbbell stand be engineer beautifully . you can tell they really put think and time into come up with such a clever design . it be tough , take little space , and keep you selecttech weight at a optimal height , far better than have to pick they up from the ground . I would highly suggest this stand to anyone who own the weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I know it seem silly to pay this much for a stand but here 's why I think this be a must-have item if you own 552 or 1090 . - function - I have the 552 set of dumbbell and this stand support they easily ; I have no doubt that the 1090 would be fine as well . overall , it feel sturdy so even when I place the dumbbell back a little harder than I should , it do not budge . you can also switch between stationary foot for improve stability or caster for improve portability . moreover , it be easier to change weight setting on the stand then it be on the floor . - design - visually , they look great on the stand ; they should since they be make just for this purpose . as part of a home gym , it look like a professional set up . - injury prevention - rather than have to bend over to pick up the weight , they be at waist level with this stand . this should prevent lower back pain , or even worse , like cause a injury that will prevent you from work out . back injury can last a long time . - durability - the stand be make of quality material . it should last as long as the dumbbell , which I hope will be the last set I buy in my lifetime . - recommendation - if you own bowflex 552 or 1090 , buy this stand !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a BIG disappointment . as soon as I get it out of the box I repack it to return . do not waste you time and money !
Dumbbell	POS	4	go to goo gle and type in `` shake weight for man review '' choose the second one under amazon which be world of diet . a small word on use both male and female version of this product if you can not figure out how to find the report . while the woman 's version may be only 2.5 pound it cause resistance measure of 32.5 pound . do the math the male version of 5 pound provide 65 pound of resistance . you be not get the full range of motion you would from a dumbbell but what you be get be 3 time the effect in the shorter motion result in better toning than muscle mass . for everyone that be injure it be because you be treat it like a 5 pound weight . there be spring within this thing that cause the resistance measure to hit up to 32.5 to 65 pound when you shake it . treat it like the resistance machine you find at a gym , that line do not weight 100 pound but through resistance it sure as heck can feel like it and give you the same benefit . that be say its the company fault for not appropriately designate the actual resistance this thing cause . again its simulation review not perform by real people but simulation be use in everything these day and the company have a very accurate simulation from what I can tell . be careful when use this product and by all means start out slow until you positive you can use this without get injure . oh and do not forget to stretch before and after like you suppose to else you will get injure as with any work out equipment . eat healthier and stay away from fake butters\/margine , whole grain\/wheat , corn , banana , fast food , and believe it or not orange juice will cause you to gain weight . you will lose weight and build muscle but do not rely on any one thing to get you to where you want to be . like other have say if you want to really get into shape use this in combination with other thing or wait until you endurance be up to the 3-4 time a day thing . slowly pace yourself and you will get there .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Amazon do it again , great price great product . Pretty easy to put together as long as yo have have you own tool .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be go to get the Select Tech 's but I be glad I do not . these be amazing ! I have so much fun with they several time a week with my ChaLEAN Extreme workout . they be half the price and the warranty be many year longer than the Select Tech 's . I be very glad a friend persuade I to get these .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the economical answer to bow-flex ... and not make of plastic . I have have mine for five year now with no problem . have work in sport goods in my past I can tell you that steel be better than plastic .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy a lot on Amazon , and very rarely return anything . I return this item . pro : - none that I can tell relative to other fitness option . con : - too long\/bulky -lrb- I be not a small person - 6 ' 5 '' -rrb- . - slippery plastic handle , far below the standard for any dumbbell , much less one you shake . this alone be a dealbreaker . - awkward motion -lrb- this be more subjective -rrb- . - weird\/gimmicky . 5 different size people in my family try this and none like it . that be the only thing I can remember all of we agree on in a long time . I buy it on a whim , and now be pay the price -lrb- around $ 8 -rrb- to return it . the rip dude in the infomercial be such a sell-out , I hope he friend at the gym never let he live this one down .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	let 's get something clear right away -- the Shake Weight do NOT come close to replace weight-lifting or other more intense resistance exercise . those that do light calisthenics or nothing at all will be please with the Shake Weight . it give a quick `` pump '' to you arm and provide some `` toning '' to the muscle in a very short period of time . the benefit be short-lived and very limited . even do the Shake Weight routine several time a day will not produce much muscle gain . you would be much better off do a weight resistance program that break down muscle tissue and repair it larger and stronger over time . if you be sedentary and want to do a very basic , easy exercise that take little time , the Shake Weight might be right for you . just be aware of its limitation and be realistic about the result you 'll get .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great product , serve its purpose . a lot less strain on my back now that I no longer have to pick the weight up off of the floor . this stand be very heavy duty , and sturdy as well . a lot of people complain about the instruction be difficult . I have no problem whatsoever . it be a lot of detailed drawing of the part be put together and I have this thing together in around 20-30 minute . I love the fact that it have wheel , so it be easy to wheel away and stuff into the closet when not in use . great overall
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have get the shake weight for man and I absolutely love it . I use it every day and I actually feel sore after use if for about 10 minute . I can see some definition start to come in my arm that I have never see before . obviously it look a little strange but if you have not try it already then I recommend you do !
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , I know this product look like a obscene joke on the tv ad and I be highly skeptical about purchase this product . however , I have to say that this product do work . it really do tone and tighten . it get rid of that under arm jiggle and give you some definition . it be great to use when watch tv and if you do not have time to go to the gym and use weight . it be not heavy at all and once you get use to the motion you can play around with it to target specific muscle group . you do get a good weight workout and can feel the burn after a while . this will not replace do weight but be a great addition for when you can not get to the gym or want to do something while watch tv . highly recommend .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	excite to receive the Shake weight I order . so excited I order one for my wife . unfortunately it turn out to be a waste of money . I guess the ` old say ' , if it look too good to be true , it probably be ... ' this item be very limit in what exercise you can do with it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these weight be easy to use and be great for people with small hand . Great for add weight to lunge , squat , deadlift , chest , and shoulder exercise . I be a petite woman and I use they with my younger brother as well . I be consider the bigger one for my husband . he still get good use out of these .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the shipping for this item be quick which I always appreciate . however , the product itself be a waste . I think I would really enjoy use this dumbbell , but I just do not . I feel like I could have do the same excercise with a regular dumbbell or any item with a little weight on it . this be a complete disappointment . believe I , I try to convince myself that this thing be work and worth invest in , but in the end , it be just ... nothing .
Dumbbell	POS	4	after use it for a week , I have notice a definite improvement in my muscle development . it take a lot of energy to shake this item . well , my muscle be sore . for mature individual who be wheelchair bind like I , I recommend this as a additional aid for exercise . I find the shaker very useful and the total price with free shipping the best reason to get it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	when this product first come out ... it be the laughing stock of the world . nobody take it seriously and the motion that you have to make to exercise with this weight make for great joke ! however , I recently read in the newspaper that this weight really do work . 2 trainer give they professional opinion -lrb- 1 male and 1 female -rrb- and they say the result you get be amazing . it work the muscle in a way that no other weight can . I decide to purchase it and cross my finger . I must say ... my husband and I reach for this weight at every bored moment we get . so easy to do during commercial while watch tv after the kid be in bed . a hour show have about 20 minute of commercial and use this weight for those 20 minute -lrb- stop while the show be on -rrb- really get you a great work out without overwhelming you .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I receive this stand and like another reviewer , have some difficulty with the installation . the instruction be brief and the explode diagram be not clearly marked or number . many of the screw be 2.75 inch , but four of they be only 2.5 inch - make sure when you install , that you put the correct one where they belong ! once you have some of the piece together , you get a idea of how the assembly will go . the part themselves all seem like a very durable steel . the build quality seem good and once install , this make a excellent companion for the dumbbell . the stand weigh about 55 pound without the dumbell and stay rigid when the dumbell be install . you may use the plastic wheel for a move stand or choose adjusable stationary caster . the plastic wheel feel cheap and have a lock mechanism which will break if you be not careful . overall , this appear to be a solid product which be a great place to keep you selecttech 552 dumbbell . if you can accept the cheap wheel , poor instruction , and the expense -lrb- $ 135 + -rrb- , this be a very good stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just buy these Bowflex dumbbell weight and the Bowflex weight rack . I love they both ! they be easy to put together and be a great set .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have want to try this for a while , finally decide to try it because of this be a lower price than what be be offer in local store . plus with the free shipping it be quite a bargain . the product arrive in perfect condition and be just what it seem : a weight that you shake . it will work if you use it correctly , but it be more difficult to use than it look . the dvd be helpful .
Dumbbell	POS	4	good product , but notice that be not a olympic bar , so it do not fit my bench press , it be to short .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the product be fine , although a pain to assemble , and I be use most of it now . however , one of the cross-bar have the hole for the screw drill in the wrong location , so I call the manufacturer to get a replacement . aside from not have any way to leave a message on the weekend when I first call , when I call again on Monday the operator be incredibly rude and not at all responsive , and make I feel like a idiot because they own brochure do not have part number list . she say the part be on backorder , would arrive in 3-4 week , and hang up on I . while this product be too much of a pain to send back , and aside from the fact that it be largely assemble , I would never buy from these guy again . they be a mom-and-pop operation as evidence by they voice mail message on the weekend , so let the buyer beware -- there be other weight rack out there from larger company you may want to consider if you think there be any chance you 'll have to speak to customer service about you purchase .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase the above Shake Weight after finally find it for a really good price . I be excite to take it home and use it to firm my arm . I do the exercise and follow the program from the include dvd for the appropriate amount of time . eventually , I notice nothing be happen !! my arm be tire , but no increase muscle tone or definition . complete Waste of money and time ! do not buy it ... you better off use normal 3-10 pound weight and do simple arm exercise . -lrb- the reviewer be compensate for post this review . however , the opinion state in the review be that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . further , the reviewer independently select this product to review and have no affiliation with the product maker\/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be much cheaper at amazon than the alternative available at local store , and be essentially the same thing . I have somewhat large hand , and these feel comfortable to I . I will definitely buy more size in the future .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have try the Bowflex Select Tech and have own these weight for two month now , and the select tech do not even compare be so many way . the Select Tech be WAY bulkier and feel very awkward to hold . it be much longer and when you choose the weight setting , it randomly pull out certain weight off the dumbell which make the dumbell feel weird . the powerblock on the other hand feel very stable and non awkward . when you pull the weight out on whatever setting you want it on , it conviently pull out and leave all the weight that be below the weight you pick on the ground . it be a amazing product and be absolutely worth the price . also if you want to have they in 2.5 weight incremenet , just buy 2.5 pound wrist weight for each arm !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I see the infomercial for this and finally decide to buy it and try it , make a New year resolution to tone up my 50 year old arm . I just finish the 6 minute dvd workout and boy do I feel energize and already slightly tone from just the first workout ! the `` shake '' be generate by you so there be no battery involve . the safety instruction caution to use proper form and not let the barbell `` bobble '' . I must admit , use proper form be much easier on my right arm than the leave since I be dominant and stronger on the right side . after read some of the negative review , I can only conclude that those dissatisfied either do not read the safety instruction or do not follow the dvd workout . I do both . of course it go without say that no gadget will do the work for you : you be responsible for put forth the effort and on a consistant basis . tv informercial tend to lead people to believe that all they have to do be buy the product and hold it in they hand and it will do the work for they ! nevertheless , I think the workout be pretty easy . as for visible tone result , we 'll see what happen after a few week of persistant use . I do like it though !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I be give the product a 3 . I be disappointed in they . they be bulky , which be probably typical for this type of weight . the pin snag on my shorts when do curl next to my body . you can not hold they with two hand so I can not do one of my favorite lift with they -lrb- over the head drop weight to back of neck and up -rrb- . I put they on a cushion chair instead of buy the stand and it be hard to change the weight on anything even a little soft . you can not move a weight from the left hand to right hand without sit it down first . just little thing that I do not think of . they be nonreturnable .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I highly doubt that one I receive be brand new ; cover with dust , paint scrape off in a lot of place , and some rust . I have to spend quit a bit of time to clean it up that be not fun . ater all , it be a good , steady rack . so , 4 star for the rack ; 2 star for the seller . I would not have another business with this seller again .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really love my Shake Weight . I read a few review about it and people seem to really like it so I get it , too . they do have a money back guarantee and I would not have hesitate to use it if I do not like it . the Shake Weight come with a workout dvd for a 6 minute workout . I do it once a day while I be watch tv -lrb- the workout be not hard to memorize -rrb- . I usually can not even do each exercise for the recommend time because my arm hurt so much . I take before picture and after just one week of use it I take after picture and my arm look amazing . when I flex there be actually muscle now and my triceps have great definition . I wish I could upload the picture but I guess you can not do that on amazon . I never have huge arm they just have no muscle tone . the Shake Weight definitely tone you arm and it be so easy to use . yes ... it look really weird and sexual to use it but all my roommate love it now and they use it , too . I even convinced one of my guy friend to get the man 's version . hopefully it will work just as well for he as it have for I ! this be a must buy if you be lazy like I and never go to the gym but still want awesome sexy arm !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not have a opinion other than my daughter be very pleased with it .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I have use this 3 time a week since i have buy it , up until recently . it work pretty good , i can really feel it in my arm -lrb- `` good burn '' -rrb- although i havent see much of a change , in the excess `` flab '' on my arm . the only thing be i havent be able to use it for about a week now due to it take a toll on you shoulder . i hurt mine do the behind the head thing . as long as you jus due it in front of you its ok . im glad i end up buy it throw amazon vs. when it be as see on tv .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after laugh at the commercial , I decide after read the review to give it a shot . seem to work and quickly ! I even have a friend or two try it ... one of they a workout fanatic and all we be impressed !
Dumbbell	POS	5	read a review that say that this product be great to tone specific muscle but will not help a person loose weight . Perfect for those who be already fit who be always look for way to look better or maintain they body . after a few minute of try it out it become clear how it definitely work . good purchase .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the quality of construction be very good so will be able to use for a long time . I be not very good at hold it at the right angle , still learn , but I can see how it would help strengthen my arm which I be need after have shoulder surgery .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have see some people laugh at the shake weight and make it out to be junk or something that they would not want to be catch or see use . truth be it be a extreme work out . I do cardio and then a total gym machine and then the shake weight for 6 min . just follow the dvd and do it before you laugh . the first time you do it it seem like `` alright '' , . . I can feel it I can do it . but then as the day go by and you stick with it , it will surprise you . it work muscle in area that be hard to normally work . I see my Chiropractor now less and I can feel how my neck and under arm be get stronger . I be 48 and it be very good for some of we older guy once we start to soften up . I have no doubt that young guy will feel a core fitness heat that will surprise you all the same . if you want to get pump up like the guy in the tv add then you will need to do much more of course . this alone will certainly not do it . but with a good diet and some cardio I notice a major upper body work out that be well worth it be price . just make sure you breath when you do it . it be exhausting and it burn but it be the kind of burn that build . the program consist of 30 second evolution with a 15 second recovery strech for each exercise . it will get you attention fast ! I use mine about every day . I have no regret in buy it . for it be intended purpose it be make very well .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be very disappoint with the shaker weight . I have be lift small weight and figure this would be a good way to work out and it be hard to use . if you do not hold it just right you do not get the right effect . you be better off spend you money on a set of small weight .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the diameter of the handle be a bit small . wear glove help . the 50 's be on sale for $ 37 each at a local department store so I scoop they up , not see weight for less than $ 1\/pound very often .
Dumbbell	POS	5	one of my friend have a shakeweight and I try it at she house , holy crap . you really feel the burn very quickly use this product I can not imagine actually use it for six minute ! I go through a giggle fit at first due to the ridiculous motion but you get over it . I have not be use it long enough to notice a difference but I really believe it will make a difference .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a Christmas present for my son , and I have not give it to he yet , so I do not know what to tell you .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight come quickly and we be better than I could have expect . I use they everyday and have see no wear or issue with they what so ever . the stand look really flimsy when I first take it out but it be small and lightweight but defiantly do the trick . altogether it be the perfect set for my home workout .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this dumbbell stand really do make the dumbbell easier to pull off . I be 5 ' 8 1\/2 '' and when I pull the dumbbell off , there be just enough clearance so I do not have to lift they to high to miss the biggest piece that be not pick up . it be a little more narrow than I like , but you can either step in with you leg really close or you can sten in with 1 leg forward and pull the dumbbell off . there really be a big difference between use the stand and lift the dumbbell off of the floor . it just make life easier . as for assembly , it be really easy . the most aggravating thing be probably put the towel holder on . 2 of the bolt be very similiar in length , just seperate all the piece in group and follow the instruction , then you should be fine with assembly . if you need it , definitely get it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	not much to say really . the price be definitely reasonable and to have it ship right to the front door be nice . when I need heavier one , I will come back here . : -rrb-
Dumbbell	NEU	3	that paint you see on the number ? do not get too attach to it . for a more comfortable grip try wrap the handle in pipe insulation with ducktape . also make sure you have floor mat . these be usually a better deal than the rubber coated one .
Dumbbell	POS	4	like everyone say , these be good weight . they feel nice in the hand , give you good grip and comfort when do lift behind the back , etc. . however , be careful to purchase 2 , as these be not sell in pair . for some reason , one of the picture include in the item description show 2 dumbbell which give I the impression that it be 2 for the price . while the cost be not bad for a quality product like this , I be definitely surprise that it be a single dumbbell and not a set . of course , it could just be I who be the dumbbell . good lifting all ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	I know the Shake Weight be get all kind of criticism . but honestly , this thing work !! I use weight , band , isometric and various other type of exercise but none give the `` burn '' that Shake Weight do . I honestly mean `` burn '' . my arm be hurt and I be feel rip in just 6 minute !! nice benefit of Shake Weight be that on day I do not feel like work out or I be just lazy , I can still get in a butt kick workout . . in just 6 minute ! highly recommend !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	the SelectTech stand be very useful , and worth the price . the SelectTech 1090 's can be use without the stand , but the stand put they at the optimal height for lift-off of the base , particularly when lift heavier ... the wheel be also very convenient to be able to push the whole system out of the way when need .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a must if you do not have something to sit you dumbell on . it be very sturdy and have either roller wheel or stationary foot you can easily install . it really be quality construction and I be glad that I have it . I would have give it 5 star ... but the instruction on how to assemble it be brutal . it will not take a rocket scientist to do it , but it will take a little figure out -lrb- common sense -rrb- to know how to do a couple of thing like attach the strap to the base of the dumbell platform . be on the lookout for sale on this item . I order the 552 dumbell and the stand come with it free . I buy they through Amazon.com .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the package arrive in one piece package and weigh as describe . the cement-filled weight appear larger than metal plate , but still do the job . the metal rod for dumbbell be good , and clip work . the long bar consist of two piece , and need some knock to assemble they which be not hard , but it be permanent . so far it do the work , but beware that the long bar be rather short and I do not think it 'll set on a regular bench setting . overall it be a cheap alternative and get the job do . surely you 'll pack up muscle , but not certain if it be easy to purchase and assemble more cemented weight , since the size be already rather bulky .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I just buy one of these to go along with my dumbell and I have to say the instruction be some of the worst I have ever see . nice idea , but trouble out of the box !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love these . they could not be easier to use , and they feel very solid in my hand . I use to own the Bowflex Selectechs , and while I like they , I feel they be a bit long , sometimes make it awkward to balance . the selectech be also more expensive . this time around , I want to get something compact , easy to use and effective for do dumbbell exercise with light to moderate weight . it be also important my wife be comfortable use they . the PowerBlocks deliver nicely , and I be very happy with my purchase . whether you want to use they like a standard dumbbell , or want to take advantage of the extra handle for two hand exercise , the PowerBlocks could not be simpler . the padding around the handle be great for keep you wrist comfortable as well . I also appreciate the 5 lb . increment , as some company only offer 10 lb between selection . on the flip side , some company offer 2.5 lb , and that be nice , but I have never feel the need for that , personally . you might , so just be sure you research and get the one that do . the one area you need to really watch be where the pin attach to each designate weight . just make sure they line up with the color code weight , and all will be well . even free weight dumbbell be sometimes put in the wrong place , and I have pick up a mixed-matched set , not realize it until I wonder why I get so strong on one arm all of a sudden . the same be true for all other brand , so this be no knock on the product . just be careful . in hindsight , I should have buy the higher capacity PowerBlocks , with the ability to add on . however , this be my problem , and have nothing to do with the quality or effectiveness of this product . my wife will never use more than the weight on the classic , so I may end up get some dumbbell handle I can add Olympic plate to if I want to . or , since I like these so much , I might just order the elite for myself , and let I wife lay claim to the classic . regardless of which PowerBlock product you choose , I think you 'll be very happy with you purchase . I do not have the stand , but have something elevated for the sake of good ergonomics be nice , so you may want to consider one of those if you do not have a table or desk to place these on . there be some nice alternative to standard dumbbell out there , and have lift free weight most of my life , I get just as effective a workout on dumbbell exercise on the adjustable product as I do with individual one . I still believe separate dumbbell have they place , but they have a hard time compete with item that take up much less room and be way less expensive , when consider the weight range involve . so , should you buy the PowerBlocks or the Selectechs , or anything similar , you 'll have a effective way to train with dumbbell . for I personally , the Powerblocks be the best bang for buck one out there , and I think you 'll be quite happy with they too . I think I have say the word `` happy '' enough , so I leave you to you shopping , and I wish you luck and fun in build you home workout area !
Dumbbell	POS	5	love this product , so do my sister , I buy one for she too and she love it too .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I purchase two of these weight and the color do not match between the weight . they look like two different shades of purple . it be not a big deal , but a little irritating . try the Body solid vinyl dumbbell instead .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have a pair of the 1090 dumbbell -lrb- 90 lb each -rrb- for about 10 month and be lift they from the floor until now . the price finally drop here on Amazon so I decide to pull the trigger . Trust I , if you be above 30 like I , and can not recuperate as quickly as a 18 y.o. . . purchase these ... you 'll save you back . these be sturdy , well-made and convenient stand for you selecttech dumbbell . the shipping carton say 45 lb -lrb- the outer-box be marked Bowflex stand ... so if get as a gift , have it gift-wrapped -rrb- . unlike other reviewer , I have absolutely no problem set this up ... the instruction be straightforward ... they be the ` exploding-diagram ' type ... so maybe I be visual like that . I recommend not take all the washer , nut and bolt out of the packaging ... just slice the shrink-wrap to keep the bolt in they position ... that way it be easy to differentiate . it come with a allen-wrench , but you 'll need a 9\/16 socket for the nut-side ... I recommend hand-tightening until it be fully set-up ... just to make sure everything be align . the caster work fine ... move it around a couple of time and no problem ... but they do seem cheap compare to the rest of the stand . if they break , I 'll just use the peg . all in all , it be well worth it to get the stand ... I just have to save up long enough after I get the dumbbell themselves .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I also buy these for the Chalene Extreme work out which require many weight change , and they work fantastically . change the weight take some get use to , but I be get use to it and be able to make the change quickly enough to keep up with the workout video . I do a lot of research on adjustable weight , read many customer review , and visit several sport goods store to `` touch '' the adjustable weight in stock , and decide the powerblock be the way to go . I be a little hesitant as they be not returnable , and they look funny , but I be very pleased with the product . as soon as I take they out of the box , it be obvious to I that they be a quality product , and a great value in comparison to the price of all the other adjustable dumbbell set out there . I highly recommend powerblock to anyone in the market for a ajustable dumbbell weight set .
Dumbbell	POS	5	not much too say other than this be exactly what I expect . it be a solid platform for hold the SelectTech dumbbell . it have a small footprint , be very sturdy , and look nice too . on a side note , not sure why so many reviewer complain about the instruction . maybe nautilus have update they recently , but I find the instruction very easy to follow -- not nearly as complex as some of the ikea furniture I have put together in the past .
Dumbbell	POS	4	in just the first day of use this shake weight , I could feel my muscle be stress . however , I have only have this for a week , so no result yet .
Dumbbell	POS	4	first the stand be necessary addition to the Selectech weight . it be attractive and useful . the direction be poorly write but the picture will guide you properly . the bolt be very difficult to screw in use the tool so have a socket set -lrb- socket must be deep -rrb- and good hex wrench available and you should have no problem .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be not sure what happen to the instruction for many peoiple below , but we rack arrive within 2 day -lrb- I love Amazon Prime -rrb- and I build it last night in less than 30 minute . instruction be idiot simple -lrb- which be good for I ! -rrb- very clear , and all item be neatly package and lable -lrb- right and leave -rrb- . I use a 9\/16 ratchet and the supply allen wrnech and have everything button up very quickly and easily . I have to be honest , i continue to be blow away by the quality and construction of Bowflex equipment . we now have a pay of dumbell , and a Selectech Bench and I have be amaze at how solid and good look everything be . I be a reasonably serious weekend warrior , and at 275 pound , I be not gentle on anything -lrb- treadmill , eliptical , bench -rrb- . I be certain the Bowflex item we have add in the past few month will last a lifetime .
Dumbbell	POS	5	everything be exactly as describe . the sender even ensure that the package have a waterproof covering , which be a really nice touch see that it be storm outside when my package be leave on the doorstep . also , I receive the package with only 3 day , and that be with free shipping ! the weight be great a easy to hold and true to weight . I have no complaint at all !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be just a average 44 year old with age arm and the Shake Weight -lrb- not a heavy weight -rrb- be help I tone they . I love the fast 6 minute workout too . I keep the dvd inside my computer for a quick workout anytime . the Shake Weight workout have already increase my arm strength -lrb- something i want -rrb- . I do get sore muscle at first so take it easy .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really like these weight . you do have to press the handle down to change the weight on carpet , but I 'll take that over have multiple set of weight that take up 5x the space any day . I have not have problem with the pins\/magnets that other have mention and I have be use they for several week .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	for the price , the Shake Weight will certainly give you a little more muscle without have to pay monthly fee at the gym . however , other review on here that I read be spot-on : it be perfect for people who do next to nothing and simply want to do a little exercise per day in order to feel like they be be more active . I buy one solely because I get bore around my place and want to have something to do -lrb- I actually belong to a gym , so I do not think of it as a replacement -rrb- . however , the greatest problem I have with it be that , anatomically speak , it be hard on joint and tendon . for example , it be not friendly for people who may have elbow or wrist problem -- again , I suppose that standard workout be not necessarily `` user friendly '' in that vein either , but one can vary a workout more with free weights\/machines than with this weight . in short , not bad for the price or to kill some time , but if you think you be go to look like the guy in the commercial , you would probably have to use this thing for hour every day for month .
Dumbbell	POS	5	basically that be it . this piece do the job and make you mess of weight look great against the wall , instead of on the floor . also , it be very easy to put together -- as some of these company make it very hard to do . no more bend down to pick up you weight ! love it !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	Got lax and do not realize it be for one barbell , make assumption I be get two base off price . even with Prime 's free shipping and a 20 % discount one barbell cost more than pick it up locally . never have a problem with any Cap equipment and will continue to purchase they .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	as see on tv ! how can anything with those word proudly emblazon upon it be in any way disappointing ? I begin by shake the weight as recommend . Shake it with the left , shake it with the right , do the hokey pokey and shake it all around . initially I be impressed that I could now work out at home and not have to bother with nasty thing like squat , deadlift , weighted dip and pull up ... everyone know that lift heavy weight be poor exercise . besides , what if a barbell fall on my toe ? Shakeweight be safe and effec -- ummmm , be I suppose to be lose muscle mass ? never mind ... I be sure it be still a great product . I will , however admit that it fail to make my arm any stronger or ` more tone ' . by this point I have almost give up ... but I figure one more try ; sometimes you have to innovate and find new use for a product . I tie the shakeweight to my -lrb- male part of anatomy that we pee out of -rrb- and proceed to shake , shake , shake ! now my -lrb- it be the dirty part I can not use the word -rrb- be huge like a elephant 's trunk and could easily punch out a mugger ! thank-you shakeweight !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight do not slip out of my hand during my workout , and they arrive quickly . there be no weird oily residue like I have find with other coated weight and they be coat so I do not have to worry about rust or metal scratch my floor .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Apex Deluxe 3-Tier Dumbbell Rack be well make . the weld be good and its easy to put together ; it take I about 10 minute to assemble . a great buy .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Easy to assemble . solid as a rock . convenient design for grab you dumbbell . hold pair , from 10-50 lb . good quality at a good price .
Dumbbell	POS	5	purchase this product for my home gym . be very pleased both with the quality and the ease of put it together . look good too . would highly recommend .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a very disappointing item . i be sorry i get it , it be not what it be crack up to be . you would be better off with a pair of free weight . it doesnt shake easily , and be just a waste of you money .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order these while they be out of stock , and unexpededly receive they in only a couple day !! the stand be in perfect condition . Easy to assemble . I weigh the weight on my bathroom scale - the 8lb be 8.2 , the 5 's be right on 5 , and the 3 's be 3.4 . at least each pair be the same weight !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not realize that you actually have to shake the weight , but after you use you really feel the burn on the biceps .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	Dumbell bar arrive bent on the edge , this make it impossible for the clip to secure the weight . the large bar be great , weight be well balanced . if I have to pick between the the weight set with dumbell and the set without dumbell . I would definitely buy the one without dumbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent dumbbell rack . solid and easy to assemble . plenty of room for alot of dumbbell . as usual great Amazon sevice and shipping ... get it on sale !!!
Dumbbell	NEU	3	these weight be heavy , and I can repeatedly pick they up and put they down . that be about what I be look for . they cost less than a month 's due for the YMCA for my wife and myself . since we have a new baby , I want somethign to keep I go inbetween visit to the Y. so I be totally stoke that I could get something heavy to pick up deliver to my house for a totally reasonable price . I get exactly what I pay for and do not regret it . these be not ... oh ... qulity weight . the plastic smell funny and remind I of a toy that you would buy at the drugstore . the bar have a feel like the metal in the tool that you can buy at Harbor Freight ... yeah , it be metal , but some kind of weird , cheap ore that must only be avialable in China . the weight spin on the bar no matter what I do . but yeah , I be totally happy with my cheap , junky weight set , if that make any sense . Perfect for what I want , and I be glad it be offer . Mine get here in great shape , so I guess my UPS man be just a beefcake .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great Dumbell rack . I be suprise at the quality for the price ... Walt
Dumbbell	POS	5	I use this for 2 week straight and now I be rip . lose 20 pound and the girl be all over I .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product definitely do work for strengthen muscle and tone what you may already have there . you be not go to compete for Mr. Olympia use this by any means . I have be use it often for week now and I really like it just to get that extra pump while do a normal workout . it be a solid piece of equipment for that alone . I have certainly notice a difference in tone in my arm since use it . I would recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be 73 year old and have be work out in some form or fashion for about 60 year . I start in high school , continue at the U.S. Naval Academy and for 21 year while in the U.S. Marine Corps and for 30 year since retire . if you use the shake weight as explain , every day in the extreme mode it will kick you butt and you will feel it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I can not believe I buy this , it be completely useless for I . I go to the gym regularly , so I know what to expect when they claim it `` dramatically '' increase muscle activity . it do not make my muscle feel `` on fire '' , and I be by no mean a hard core weight lifter . I do follow the video instruction , but it be no better . overall , the product be make of what feel to be a cheap plastic material and the movement of the weight inside be not smooth as you would expect . I try use it a couple time but give up ... it be now sit somewhere in my garage . I should have buy a normal pair of dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	4	just as advertise ... do the job . Great for hex dumbbell 20 lb . & up . the end on smaller dumbbell be not tall enough to rest in the cradle , so they just rest on the handle instead . this make it easy to smash a finger-if you be not careful-when put they on the stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product arrive on time . it be easy to assemble and the instruction be easy to follow . it hold we dumbell securely and do not appear to want to topple over or anything . I would recommend this product . it do not fit all of we weight on there , but there be space beneath to store some smaller size weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I know what most people think when they see the shakeweight , but if you take a step back from the internet joke and the crude giggling , you actually feel you muscle burn after a few minute of shake . I use this when I go on walk and it wear I out by the time i be finish . its like do a pushup that focus on just you upper body . I love it . I get the man 's version because its way heavier than the female version for some reason . : -rrb- I would recommend buy from this seller as well ! this product arrive extremely quick , and the product be pristine and a decent price ! .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the weight have be re-engineered , but the stand be exactly the same include the strap . on the original , the strap lay perfectly flush with the base while sit on the stand . the stand on the new model be a bit more square and raise . they do not however redesign the strap to fit . when I call Bowflex and warn they that this be a recipe for injury and the ensue lawsuit , they simply say they know what I be refer to and have not have any complaint . they also say they have no reason to change it unless more people be to complain or injure themselves . I tell she it be a backward way of do business . I also warn she that I would put the fact on youtube .
Dumbbell	POS	5	despite the stigma attach to the shake weight , it do its friggin job . I love it . it really work . strongly recommend ... ... . if you can handle it !
Dumbbell	NEG	2	#stopwatchinginformercials #latenightpurchase note : this be part of the #hashtag review program : deliver insight on the overall product experience , without the self-entitlement .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have not own or use the shake weight for very long . but for the short time that I have use it , it seem to be work . look forward to that sculpt upper chest !
Dumbbell	POS	4	my wife be very pleased with she shake weight . she use it every night , and feel more energize after a few minute of use , particularly after a tiring day 's work .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I receive the Shake Weight dumbbell in good condition . have the dvd be helpful . still can not figure out how to do ` side to side ' which the video do not show ... BUT take this on my vacation in my suitcase and actually use it a few time ! Fair price for the product .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a nice , sturdy rack . it hold most weight just fine . the only reason I do not give 5 star be some of my weight -lrb- the color one with foam type handle -rrb- will not fit . they be too small so I need to find a separate storage rack for those .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be go to repeat what other reviewer have say . I have no intention on add fame or defame this product . again , like what the other reviewer have mention , I be skeptical of this product at first , but I decide to give it a try after try it in Modell 's . the 6 minute dvd exercise be good . it really do give a workout on my muscle , you can feel the burn after the first minute of use it . I hope this product do not injury my back , though . if anything , I will come back and tell you guy about it . all in all , it be a great product and I do not mind use it at all . there be nothing funny or embarrassing about . EDIT : 8\/18\/10 I have be use it everyday . I do not experience any neck , back or muscle pain . I like the `` burn '' every time I use it . great product !!! EDIT : 10\/03\/10 I still have it , I be still use it , still in a good shape . I do not see any large change in muscle mass but I do not really care !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the stand after have the 552 dumbbell for a week . I be do p90x and find it difficult keep up with the video with the dumbbell on the floor -lrb- and also worry about lift they off the floor and hurt my back -rrb- . the stand make it much easier and quicker to change the weight value and get back into position . the stand be really at the perfect height for I -lrb- I be 5 ' 10 '' tall -rrb- . I be impressed with how solid and sturdy the thing be . it do not budge when you drop the dumbbell on it . I be the type of person who hate put thing together . I must say , in all honesty , it be very easy to put together . I read a few review before I order it and be dread the process . I feel like the instruction be clear and all the hole be properly drill . it take I about a hour to assemble it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	buy it right here from amazon , I use this device everyday now . it fine tone my upper body muscle immensely . the workout be not as boring and tedius as traditional pushup and bench press . I use it everyday now ! great little gadget .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I expect that this would move a little more as I use it . it feel really stiff \* snort \* and like it do not do too much . I do notice some strain in my muscle after I do the include dvd workout . which be actually pretty surprising . it be not all bad , but I guess I expect more shake type of movement of the actual device as I be shake it . it feel almost like you really have to force out this to move much . ah well , get what you pay for I suppose .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	unbelievable that any company would even think of sell one weight by itself . you have two arm , right ? keep in mind that these weight be totally overprice if you account for the fact that the price be per weight -- so multiply it by two . not worth it .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	from the commercial it look like it run on battery and the resistance be from hold it still ... but Noooo . it be completely manually operate . I be too lazy to use this shake weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I orginially buy this for my son who keep say how much he want it . . he love and as do i. . I use it just as much as he do . thank you !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy this include 2 day shipping for $ 32.98 ! can not beat that ! if I have any complaint be the stand be somewhat cheap and can be sharp when place the weight back on the stand so be careful not to hurt you hand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you work it , it will work you . well make and to I , it be easy to use . and I can take it anywhere . ca not do that with my weight bench !! get one , you 'll like it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I like these much more than I think I would . they be very easy to use , and very well balanced . now I do not have to listen to that crappy gym music , and I can lift while the coffee brew . yeah ! btw-instead of spend a extra $ 140 for a elite set -lrb- 2.5 lb increment -rrb- , I purchase a $ 20 . adjustable wrist weight set . this give I .5 , 1.5 , 2.5 lb increment .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have these Powerblocks for five year . I use they just about everyday . combine with a good quality bench there be not much you can not do with these . they be a staple in any exercise equipment arsenal . they save a tremendous amount of space and clutter compare to individual dumbbell . they be very reliable , but you do need to move the retain pin with care and not in haste , as if you get it engage across multiple section it could be a dangerous situation when you lift they up -lrb- this have happen to I a few time but be really not a huge issue -rrb- . once engage with the desire weight , they stay together nicely and they feel solid and do not rattle . I like to do tricep extension while standing , and in the gym I can pick up a single traditional dumbbell and hold it by its end with both hand and lower it behind my head and then do the extension . that be the only exercise that be somewhat difficult to do with the Powerblocks , due to the limited space to grasp the weight end of the Powerblock . but that be a minor nit . they be indestructible , and with the exception of a few scratch on the side , look and operate like the day that I buy they . as state earlier , I use these almost daily , so they have serve I very well . in my new house , we have a actual gym with rubber floor and lot of space but I see no reason to not continue to use these powerblock due to they compactness and ease of use . I find the soft grip to very comfortable and I also like the way they feel in my hand and the way they provide lateral support since the Powerblock slightly rest on you wrist area when lift they . slight downside be that I have max they out , as most probably will if you strength train regularly , so I find myself want more weight . highly recommend this product .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I receive my shakeweight for man wioth a video show a large man start to shake the weight , to get it `` start '' -lrb- as they say in they ad , and the weight appear -lrb- like in they tv ad to continue shake at like 100 m.p.h. and you just hold it and the inertia take over ... THIS be SNAKE OIL ADVERTISING ... total b . . the shakeweight do NOT continue shake at all , not in the leaset . this be one of the biggest scam , I have see in many year , next to Bernie Madoff . I be not get the refund -lrb- from they -rrb- as they advertise so heavily - -lrb- I use my credit card - so my credit card company have issue a chargweback so I get 100 % of my money back - except for the return shipping cost -lrb- which they so profoundly advertise that they will pay -rrb- - however this be a complrete scam-the tell you to mail you receipt for you payment of return postage to a 2nd address -lrb- different from the return shipping address , and they say they will mail you a refund check ... bs - have not happen . do not fall for this snake oil scam THEY SAY THIS PRODUCT do everything -lrb- it do NOTHING A 5 LB DUMBBELL WO not do -rrb- and they say you will risk `` nothing '' , but you risk every penny you spend PLUS the return shipping cost ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	you can really feel this working you arm . only thing be I Wish that I could do it everyday , like I be suppose too .
Dumbbell	POS	5	when this arrive and I put it together I be pleasantly surprise at how nice look the unit be , better than it look from the picture . it be solid also and I have no complaint . and as someone else mention , it be really less expensive than equivalent unit . I recommend this piece .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I really like this product because it be compact and not as cumbersome as the larger set . for most people , this will suit they need and they can get a upgradable set later on . the small size allow almost everyone to perform conventional exercise with proper form . with the larger PowerBlocks , this be a concern because of add bulk and length . the square shape of these dumbbell allow the manufacturer to put more weight in a smaller place . this make these much smaller than other round adjustable dumbbell over the same weight range and increment . from a safety perspective , I also think these be the safest and most rugged adjustable dumbbell . however , this do not mean that nothing can go wrong . you need to be conscious of insert the pin straight across and the pin mechanism right side up so the magnet engage to hold the pin together . there be a also a backup elastic band to prevent a plate from fall , but this might not save you in a overhead triceps extension . this product be rugged and well make . it be less likely to break then some other brand and the concept be simple behind how the adjustment work . in other word , there be less thing to break or go wrong and I believe these can take a fairly hard fall and still be fine . I have not drop mine , but I base this assumption on the way they be design and the quality of the material and how they be put together . I would definitely purchase these if you do circuit training and want to keep you pulse up . if you become serious , you can buy a expandable set over a larger range later . this be great entry point product .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy these to add a little more challenge to my step aerobic . it be help to bring my heart rate up faster and help to tone my arm , which be exactly what I be look for . I like the neoprene coating since the weight do not get slippery even when I start sweating . my only complaint would be that the stand be a little flimsy . even so , I be happy with the value I get for my money . I may be buy another set because my husband have also start use they during we workout and we sometimes want the same weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I like the powerblock and they change fairly easy . sometimes you can get the pin crossway but it be not hard to correct . I also have the bowflex 52.5 lb . and think they be the best on the market . the question will be how much do you want to spend and how much weight do you need . this product work fine and I would recommend it but the bowflex dumbell be the best . this product be smaller and better for someone not need the extra weight of the bigger dumbell .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy this item and it be garbage . they be no hand grip and the weight slip as you use it . you would be better off buy a hand dumbbell with the weight that you want to work out with .  as see on tv Shake Weight for Men Dumbbell -lrb- 2-pack -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	so many mixed review , but i actually enjoy the workout . it be fun , n my husband like to watch I do it hahaha . we still giggle sometimes , but whatever , it be a fun moment , we laugh , and i be tone my arm . I feel my favorite sweatshirt be not so tight in the upper arm area . BTW , it be common sense to eat healthy , drink plenty of water and do other exercise -lrb- cardio ! -rrb- . if I only do THIS i doubt i would see any result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product work ! only 15minute a day and you 'll build up great muscle for fappin it . there be no need for actual fappin as that be very often messy and you can not practice fappin in public . fap on you lunchbreak , fap in the park , or fap in a movie theater . the possibility be endless .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	so far many of the review have be from people who have own the system for personal use . I do not dispute that the system be well suit for that . however for the past year I have see they appear more frequently in hotel gym . the benefit to the hotel of course be that it take up very little space . the problem however be that it just do not hold up well under heavy use . at every hotel where I have find this in use , all of they be damage and therefore unusable beyond a certain weight level . the problem seem to be that the lock key bend . I suspect this be a result of someone incorrectly insert the key and force it through , cause it to warp . once the damage be do , there be no way to correct it short of take it to the machine shop and bend it back into shape or buy a new set of key . so if you be someone who be put in the position of choose something to put in you hotel 's gym , for you customer 's sake , DO NOT choose this device . either get traditional free weight -lrb- no move part therefore nothing to break -rrb- . or get something like a iron master .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love mine . a lady over 70 show I she arm from use this and she arm look great . my arm be much improve by what little I have be use it - 2 or 3 time a week . I be work on get in shape and I be use it at least 5 time a week and I be see rapid improvement . as for it appear `` suggestive '' - I think the same thing on the infomercial . but who care if you get result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you use it every day it really work . im in my 50 and be unhappy with excess skin around my elbow and want to tone my arm . you have to use it correctly and you will see result . I see a huge difference in 5 week .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I think my son be kid when he say he want one of these thing , but get it anyway . boy be I surprise . all these people that say they think its false advertising be wrong . if you be do it correctly it kick you butt , and bad ! oh yeah im 46 and my shoulder be start to give I fit . after 2 week use the shake weight , my shoulder have quit hurt ! and as far as low-impact go ... yes its very easy on the joint . I will keep use it and just keep increase my time on it ! love it !!!!!! if you not one for hard work , then dont buy it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I need something faster than my adjustable dumbbell -lrb- the plates\/collars type -rrb- for my p90x workout . I could buy the Bowflex Selecttech dumbbell for about the same price as a full set of these in the 15-45 pound range . with these dumbbell , I do not have to worry about they break if I be not move slowly , so if you have the space , these be great . these be probably the best addition I have make to my home gym ... not to mention , I receive these only two day after order , and I do not request any special shipping .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have use the PowerBlock Classic for about 4 week now and I have to say I have not be disappoint . I purchase the set because I start with the p90x exercise routine and they require you to use a number of different weight to do it correctly . the PowerBlocks enable I to change weight quickly and keep up with the video instead of have to pause and change weight . the weight feel comfortable and solid when you be do you exercise . I wholeheartedly recommend these dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	4	assembly be very simple . I see several rack with the same dumbbell capacity with a much higher list price so this be be a good value . plus , I finally get my dumbbell off the floor so my home gym look great !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbell rack be very easy to assemble use a rachet wrench & a cresent wrench . it be very sturdy and of very good quality . I recommend this rack if you only use dumbell set up to maybe about 50 lb . there be not enough room for heavier set of dumbell . I will soon buy a second rack for my 60-100 lb . dumbell and it will be the same Apex Deluxe Rack that I be describe here . sincerely , E. Flynt of Cleveland , Ohio
Dumbbell	POS	4	I order these as a gift for my boyfriend . I do not order the stand that be suggest . they arrive 3 day after I place my order without pay extra for expedited shipping . con : they do make a little noise when use they . pro : compact , reasonable price , great for a beginner , easy to use , stand be not need if you have a hard , flat surface to place they on . this set be too light -lrb- 24 pound max -rrb- for my boyfriend to get a really good workout . I know they would be light for he so I that be why this be not a con . the more appropriate set for he be out of my price range . I would like to order the next set up as well as the stand , but I have to wait until I can save up the money . other than be on the light side for the boyfriend , we be happy with this set .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase these dumbbell fairly recently because I want to use they for Chalean Extreme -lrb- you can check out the program at Beachbody dot com -rrb- . I have be lift weight for several year , but have mostly be do high-rep , low-weight workout -lrb- to give you a idea , the heaviest dumbbell I own be eight pound -rrb- . because I want a variety of weight and have very little room , I decide to get a set of adjustable dumbbell . I do quite a bit of research on all the various brand before I decide on the PowerBlocks . so far , I be really please with my purchase ! these dumbbell be easy to use , feel very balanced , and take up very little room . the only bad thing about they be that they be fairly expensive . however , if you add up the cost of buy a pair of dumbbell for eight different weight -lrb- 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , 15 , 18 , 21 , and 24 lb -rrb- , the price seem much more reasonable .
Dumbbell	POS	4	buy it for my gf and she seem to love it and you can tell she arm be get less flabby by the week ! great product recommend for any woman try to tone up she arm and lose the flab !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this item do not shake as well as I would have expect , or have like it to . it be a great idea , but mine do not seem to shake properly , or enough for I . I would like to try a different brand to see if it be more shakeable . overall dissatisfied with the quality .
Dumbbell	POS	5	for a home gym like ours , I just need to hold a complete set from 10-50 # . this hold it all perfectly , and within easy reach compare to the other rack I have -lrb- straight tower -rrb- . no more smash finger . and incredibly , I be worry that a full set would make it a bit wobbly , but even with I stand on the middle tier -lrb- another 230lb -rrb- it be still rock solid ! assembly take 10 minute with the help of we 6yo and a power socket drill . amazing buy , highly recommend !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have read so many negative review and positive review . if you can return something , why would you listen to other people . find out for yourself . I buy it one month ago and I can not believe my eye . my flabby arm be become tone and I have not even get to the six minute a day . the tricep workout be so hard . I plan on use the one for woman until it become too easy . after that , I will buy the man 's Shake Weight . it be the first thing to ever work .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be look for a rack to organize we small workout area but could never find something that I think be build well for less than $ 100 until I find the apex rack . this rack exceed my expectation for quality , construction and ease of assembly . and Amazon continue to amaze I with they great service ... I receive the rack in two day and shipping be free . what a deal !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I will not argue that use this product will give you muscle fatigue\/burning when use . do that mean you be go to get rip result ? absolutely not . my friend stupidly go out and buy one of these . he use it religiously every day because it tire he out when he use it . I use it once and could not help but laugh at the product . the fact that people believe this product will give you rip muscle , as this product be market , be laughable . every review on here harp about the burn they feel after use this . guess what ? hold you arm straight out and move they in small circle for 60 seconds will give you more a burn than this ever will . go do that for 10 minute a day and tell I how `` rip '' you get do it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be work out every day with this weight for two week now and it absolutely , positively work . I have notice that the older woman in my family lose muscle tone in they shoulder and arm as they age and I decide I would try to do something to prevent that from happen to I . I can not believe how much this have do for my arm . I look absolutely ridiculous use it but I feel so much stronger and tone . I have injure my shoulder in the past -lrb- once do pilate on a reformer and once carry a luggage -rrb- and I have have absolutely no problem with the exercise on the video . this be the only piece of equipment that I have ever purchase and actually use every day . I just keep the video in my laptop and work it into my schedule during the day . thankfully I work out of a home office where no one can see I !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I give it a try in the store . it be tire and a little uncomfortable . therefore , it just might work . what I like most be that you can work to muscle exhaustion without the fear of drop the damned thing on you foot .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this product be well make , easy to assemble -lrb- even for a chick -rrb- and be very sturdy .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy this in late September -lrb- month and a half ago -rrb- , have not use it a lot but it make I start ache really fast . I have discover though , it you keep go for about 10 minute the ach go away and from then on I do not really get more wear out , I just keep go and go and get bore after 20 minute . the thing that really bug I about it be how noisy it be , the air contain in the bellows on each end have to go somewhere so there be a little hole in each one that make the air hiss rather loud at the end of each stroke .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight come quicker than I think and it be through regular fedex delivery . although the outer cardboard box be a little beat-up -lrb- expect of course , be that the weight inside weigh 45lb . each and they have to be transport long distance -rrb- , the weight come in perfect shape . I do not notice any scratch mark on they nor do it appear to be tamper with . till this day -lrb- be use they about 2 month now -rrb- , they have be work out very well for I .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I get this from a groupon deal . at first I do some research online and like many other , I think it look ... well ... dirty . but I get it anyways . the first time use it , it as my only workout of the day . get a little burn here and there , not too tiring . but a couple of day later , I use it after a 2 mile run , I could really feel the difference . I really feel the burn in my arm and shoulder . however , it be only a good tool . if you want to look buff like the guy in the infomercial from use shake weight , unlikely . to gain muscle mass , you need wide range of body movement with heaier weight . Shake weight be good for burn off the energy that be leave in you arm . but if use with weight training , cardio , and good diet , you will feel the difference .
Dumbbell	POS	5	have be use these with some workout dvd i get , and i could not be happier with this product . replace a complete dumbell set , while take up almost no space . the padded support provide stability when you really push into high rep. i never think i would say this , but i actually prefer these to my old kettle weight and dumbell rack . this be the first product i have actually feel strongly enought about to write a review , so i think it be safe to say that i highly recommend this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand for the SelectTech dumbell be a must have for people with low back issue . no stoop down to tool around with the dumbell anymore . its make my workout a lot easier and quicker plus its take the strain off my back . its worth the money . the strap that affix the two dumbell basis be a bit hokey pokey , but they serve they purpose in keep the base down .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this stand and the dumbbell . I read the review and be prepare for the worst assembly ever , however , I open the instruction book to the diagram page and have the whole thing together within 60 minute . the only thing I have to do be check the three set of four bolt for the proper length and assembly be a breeze . have read a few of the review may have be of help . one thing about the stand be I use the dumbbell on a more regular basis because of it . I think the quality be second to none and recommend this set to everyone . Amazon pull though with three day delivery when I only order standard shipping . I love this company .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy the rack after read the very positive review here . after receive it after about a week with free shipping , I be excite and unpacked it only to find that it be very poorly package and it arrive with 4-5 hole in the outer box . I find the package with the hardware for assembly -lrb- intend to be vacuum seal -rrb- be rip and open . because of the 4-5 hole in the outer box several piece of hardware be miss -lrb- that otherwise might have just be roll around inside -rrb- . I call Apex customer service -lrb- the company be actually call `` MPEX '' -rrb- and the girl on the line be very matter of fact - unapologetic - and tell I they would ship the miss part within 10 business day . REALLY - 10 day ?! for miss hardware that could be cheaply and easily send at least via priority mail - to accommodate a customer b\/c of the poor packaging of they product in the first place ?! oh no - when I question she about get the part sooner she get defensive , and ONLY then offer a insincere apology for the inconvenience and assert it take 10 business day for the part and I would have to wait - there be nothing else they could do , she say . REALLY ?! or I could return it to the store and get a new one send -lrb- i.e. , Amazon -rrb- - yeah that be a easy option once the thing be unboxed ! I be optimistic about the build quality have see it now in person , but very frustrated with the poor quality packaging - horrible customer service - and now have to wait 10-14 day further -lrb- if you include weekend -rrb- to even assembly the rack . not a good start !!! I be trust all the positive review on the product itself - once I get the necessary part and get the thing assemble .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be skeptical of whether or not the product would measure up to the hype , and I be pleasantly surprise . I see result after as little as a week . I have be use it for a little more than a month now , only do the basic six minute workout and the definition and muscle gain have exceed expectation . at first , the exercise be a little difficult but the more you do they , obviously the easier they get . for as much effort as you have to put into it , you get more than double the result . I know this be a little redundant but I be always concern about review and I want this one to really assure you . for the price , I would definitely buy it again , if I ever have to .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be so much better than the adjustable weight . I would recommend get set of 2 different weight instead . they just feel a lot more solid in hand and do not have that `` shake around '' feeling . they also do not smell weird like some other weight I have use .
Dumbbell	POS	4	you can feel the burn on you first workout , it work but i do not think it build muscle . it keep you body firm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this for my daughter who be 16 and she love it . she want to work out with different weight not too heavy so she can keep herself in shape . it make I too want to exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase these to supplement my gym workout . I be very busy and some week I only get to gym 1 or 2 time per week . I also have a weekend home in the pocono that do not have a gym readily accessible . I have be use these for 2 week and they be very easy to use . the only issue I have with they be that it can be difficult to get clip onto correct ridge for weight selection but it be not overly annoying . the weight work well be balanced nicely and there be multiple way to hold they for various exercise . I have just purchase the bow flex weight bench to use with these because they be so nice that I would consider work out at home full time . another problem I have with these be try to find the weight plate to expand they to 90lb . I would appreciate if someone can send a link of where I can get they . enjoy these as they be really excellent
Dumbbell	POS	5	when I first hear about the shake weight dumbell , I think it be a joke . then I read about it and watch the video and see that it would work in the area that my arms\/shoulders need help with . I find it available thru Amazon.com -lrb- the actual shake weight site be too much $ $ $ -rrb- . when I use the dumbell , I can really feel the arm -lrb- upper , lower , flabby part -rrb- truly be get the muscle go and I have notice some tone since begin with it . 6 minute a day do not sound like a lot , but when you start with this and have not work on you arm in a very long time , it feel tiring and as if you have be work those arm for a hour or so . I think I begin at 2 minute a day and have to reach the full 6 minute in interval over a 15 minute period : -rrb- -lrb- if I be much younger , I probably would not really need something like this to tone my arm and upper body , but be in my 50 's , this seem to work for I . -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	just receive and setup the apex 3 tier rack . it be a great rack for money , space saving , easy to setup and very sturdy if you follow the simple instruction . order it on Tuesday it arrive on Thursday . hold hex weight from 8lb to 40lb , 10 pair total . Perfect fit .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have purchase the 3 lb a while back , and I finally feel ready to graduate to something heavier , so I get the 5 lb . as be the case with the older set , this be a good and useful product . they do not roll and be comfortable to hold .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I recently get this dumbbell rack and could not be happier . I have two cat and dumbbell range from 5 to 45 lb . anyone who have cat know that that combo be a recipe for great gob of cat fur collect under the weight and no matter how often you vaccuum or sweep , it somehow manage to recongregate . this rack get all the dumbbell off the floor , prevent the collection of fur and other dirt , and make the weight a lot more accessible . the one comment to add to those of the other here be that this rack really only work well with hexagonal dumbbell . I have two round-bell 10-pound dumbbell and when I try to place they on the rack , they slip off and fall . so I have have to replace they . I prefer the hexagonal anyway , but if you have nothing but round-bell weight , you might want to look at a different design . but if you have the standard hexagonal , you 'll love this . it be compact , solid , and surprisingly solid for the price . plus , if you be a Amazon Prime member , it will ship for free , which be pretty amazing give its weight . I highly recommend this rack .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not know how we move we Bowflex SelectTech weight without this stand . the wheel lock so it be solid when you do not want it to move .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you have the SelectTech dumbbell I highly recommend obtain the stand . my main reason be to eliminate possible lower back injury : this stand place the weight at the perfect height -lrb- I be 6 ' 0 '' -rrb- . finally , do not listen to any of the other review concern the assembly process ; if you read the instruction and lay out the component assembly should only take about half a hour .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I recently purchase the Apex 3-Tier Dumbbell Rack , and have be really please with it . it be extremely functional and maximize use of floor space quite well , in addition to be very stable while hold six pair of hex dumbbell -lrb- with rack space to spare -rrb- . we have a nice-sized basement area that be carve up so I can use part of it for my various workout routine , while my kid have a section for use with they friend . plus , there be a pool table for the adult , and a area for home theater . that require I to put a premium on convert minimal space into a area functional enough for both dumbbell resistance training and cardio training . it also require equipment that be safe for I to use in a small area , and safe to have around with pre-teen kid play nearby throughout the day . the apex rack meet all those requirement . the design lean away from I , allow I easy access and spare my knuckle as I take dumbbell off and then return they to the rack . it be also high enough that many of the weight can be return to the rack with minimal strain on my lower back . finally , its solid construction give it a sturdy stance , and the three compact tier allow I to tuck it away and out of view of family and company that might be use the home theater area . it be terrific quality for the price , and the only complaint I have have be the condition of the box upon delivery -lrb- which have large hole punch into it , and some part loose on the inside as a result -rrb- . however , the rack assemble easily and relatively quickly , and be ready to go in roughly 40 minute . I would highly recommend this rack and certainly be pleased with the performance .
Dumbbell	POS	4	once you get this stand together , it be great -- look good and be the perfect height for the 552 selecttech . but boy , be it a pain to put together ! the include allen wrench and hex wrench be very cheap and make it difficult to put any serious torque on the screw . and yes , some of the hole be drill just a little bit off-center , so it take some muscle to tighten they . I bust my knuckle a few time , but get a great workout before I have a chance to use the dumbbell .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	full disclosure : I be a woman , but I buy this version because the review be better , and supposedly this version be sturdier . I lift weight to build strength , to tone , and to charge my metabolism . I use barbell at about 35 pound , maybe 40 if I be feel it , and a 50 to 60 pound kettlebell , just so you have a idea . my arm be not that rip , but I be curious to try this product anyhow . it be a little tricky to use , but frankly you either get it or you do not . it really be a matter of master keep you hand still so it can work you arm -lrb- supposedly -rrb- . yes , it do create a sort of tension in the arm near the bicep , but it be a strange feeling . it be not a `` I just shred some weight '' tension , it be a `` my muscle fascia be really tight '' tension . I have keep the rest of my weight routine the same and I have not see any difference . honestly , I think this product be probably just a fad . I do give it two star because it be sturdy ; I have drop it and it do not break . but skip this one and stick to real lifting .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be work out at home with p90x for about 4 week prior to purchase this stand . I have to say that the ability to not struggle and strain my back be definately worth the price .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	first , my dumbbell do not fit on this rack ! they be neoprene . also , the hardware provide do not fit . the nut have little rubber stopper that prevent the screw from be tighten . big dissappointment . return today .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be not a set I just assume it be , which be my fault but instead of order another from this company I will give my money elsewhere as I feel this be intentionally misleading and I be tired of company take advantage of people .
Dumbbell	POS	5	since have kid , a wife and a full time job , the last thing I want to do before or after work be to lift weight for a hour . I have not lift weight for 10 year , and have gain some in my mid-section , but still have some bulk from the past . you muscle never forget ! I buy the shake weight because of the positive review here at Amazon , and I be sure glad I do . it have be one month of do the workout nightly , and my arm be cut , my shoulder show definition , and I have lose 17 pound -lrb- with a new stricter diet to go with the shake weight -rrb- ! I would not recommend this for people with a thin build , but those with bulk , this be a excellent choice as it will tone you nicely and be a great companion to eat right ! it only take about 10 minute total -lrb- to follow the video , and then do the side-to-side exercise that be not in the video -rrb- , which be nothing . you will be please .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I go to mall and try it . it be kind of fun . right away I come home and get a bottle of water ... who know , it work the same !! just make sure the water have to be very very full . I fill up to half of cap . and you know what ? you can even do two hand with 2 bottle at the same time . it be free
Dumbbell	POS	4	first , to be clear , this be not a replacement for a normal total body workout . this will not replace weight or body weight exercise . it be , however , a essential piece of equipment for anyone who be serious about fitness . I be not kid , read on . first , let I qualify myself . I be 23 , 6 ' 2 '' , 190lb , ~ 10 % body fat . I work out a fair amount because I enjoy it . I have be a body weight guy my whole life : pullup , pushup , situp , and run . in the last two year I have incorporate a olympic routine once a week for my lower body and a basic upper body weight routine once a week . normally , at the end of either a pushup\/pullup routine or a upper body weight routine I do what be call `` flutter '' -lrb- google it -rrb- to really make sure that my muscle be throughly fry . normally , this would consist of do a lot of minus pushup or pullup -lrb- ~ 1 '' range of motion -rrb- , maybe 100 reps. here be where the shake weight come in . I still do my flutter but now I add a four minute session with the shake weight . I do one minute on each arm , one minute in front of my chest , and one minute above my head -lrb- watch the video on youtube to see what I be talk about -rrb- . by the end I be totally fry . I have be use it for about a week now so I can not say anything definitive about result but I be sure it will help I progress . in summary , the Shake Weight be a excellent supplemental tool for anyone who be serious about fitness .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	IM NOT A WEAK PERSON BUT I just feel like this be hard to use and CONTROL . while I be do it it be bounce around all over the place I have to DO VERY SMALL MOVEMENTS or IT FEEL LIKE ITS just all over the place and my husband be like your not do it right ! BUT if I do it the other way it sway front and back I mean you CAN FEEL your muscle work BUT THIS PRODUCT be just not for me
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be use these for about a year . more or less 30 minute a day 5 day a week . over the year I have significantly increase overall strength in my upper and lower body . I have also lose about 10 % of my body weight -lrb- from 145 to 130 -rrb- . I be about 50 and male . in the time it would take to drive to\/from the gym I can get in a excellent workout at home . the weight fit in any space and I recommend a bench and a stand to hold the weight . the stand or any hard surface will make adjust the pin that hold the weight easier . a stand help with lift the weight . I notice change in my body in about two month and my only regret be not get a set that have a higher weight limit . PowerBlock 's web site offer expandable set , probably should have pay more attention when purchase . PowerBlock be a US company and they have a good web site with video for exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this for my girlfriend , but try it out before I wrap it -lrb- mwahahahahaha -rrb- . it be actually really hard , and I be sweating quite a bit after about 6 minute . not sure what the physical result will be for she , but if she keep use it I know she 'll get better at something ... Anyways , do what it say . Shakes , be a weight , and burn calorie .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a gym quality rubber coated hex dumbbell . it fit well with my weight set in my health club with other hex dumbbell . the handle be `` ergo '' but be thick at 35mm . there be some brand out there with grade handle size base on how heavy it be but this be the same size throughout . people with smaller hand will find this to be a large size . the smell be that of a new tire and be not overpower in my rubber floor room . Cap be a brand that also make home weight set and this be truly the high end of the set . it be comparable with most lower end rubber hex dumbbell but do not have the feature of higher end dumbbell from York and Hampton that have either a grade handle or higher quality urethane coating . for the price this be a good dumbbell although not better than  body solid sdrs550 5-50-pound Rubber Hex Dumbbell Set  THESE DUMBBELLS be sold individually . do not expect to get a pair .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	caution -- this price be for a single weight . it never occur to I the weight be a singleton , since dumbbell be always sell in pair . I think the price be a good value , but now that I have have to buy a second one , it be actually quite expensive ! should have buy at target ... the weight itself seem nice , but I feel the description should make clear it be only one weight , as most customer be likely expect two .
Dumbbell	POS	5	okay , when you first look at these you get that feeling and ask question like , be they for real ? what be the deal with the squareness ? I ask those same question until I personally see and use these . all I have to say be these be the best adjustable dumbbell out there . yes , the Bowflex one be cool and everything , but personally they be not worth it . they be extremely long , almost double the length of the Powerblocks . for just 10 pound , its the same length even for 50 with the Selectechs . the powerblock be small and be very easy to use . I love how the pin be magnetic and the square shape show how sturdy they be and they be definetly sturdy . they may rattle a bit on some weight but do not be turn off . the weight will never fall off if you make sure you put the pin in the right weight . the main reason I buy these be for p90x and they go together perfectly . do not just go off the negative review until you actually see and use these weight personally . I even get to try out the Bowflex one but the length be a huge turn off for I and I hear they break easily and be a bitch to fix . so , if you be a first time adjustable dumbbell buyer like myself , I stronly recommend the Powerblocks so go down to you local sport goods store and take a look at these .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you see the commercial and I guess the actor be better at it than me , THEY LOOK LIKE IT 's MOTORIZED . oh well , it be not , BUT you still feel it work . take ALOT of EFFORT , BUT KEEP IT up and you 'll see result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this shake weight be more epically awesome than when superman beat the razor claw in book 17 class 5 point9 season 1 ! and that be epic
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this be a interesting piece of equipment . it do what it say , but there be not much to do with it . there be a limited amount of exercise to do with it . I think you could use this to add to you regular routine . it be nice that it be inexpensive , so add it to you collection of equipment be not a big deal . I would recomend this to someome who want to add some variety to they regular workout .
Dumbbell	POS	5	so , I be walk through Dick 's Sporting Goods and see these weird look adjustable dumbbell . I want some adjustable dumbbell for a long time but the Bowflex and Weider one have move part that do not seem to work right and look like they be go to snap off not to mention the hefty price tag . so suffice to say I think these be go to be junk too . I try they in the store and go home and sell my home gym so I could buy these . man , do I love these thing . they be sturdy , intuitive , take up next to no space , and use they with p90-x have be awesome ! the fact that the work on a bracket and brace system that do not have spring or mechanical part mean I do not have to worry about they break and get stick . I work as a draftsman so I have a analytical mindset and the more I use these thing the more I think they be design by a real engineer and not some `` product designer '' who want a product that look cool regardless of function . solid as a rock and if use right should last a lifetime . the one I have go from 5-50 and adjust in 5 lb increment . if you need more than 50 lb then they have upgrade set that you can buy but they be kind of costly . do not think I 'll need the upgrade anytime soon . these thing rock ! if you buy they in a store and not on Amazon you might save a little money , too .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I finally get permission from my wife to purchase this stand . I enjoy the fact that it have wheel and I can set the stand in front of the tv as I work out , and then effortlessly wheel it out of sight afterwards . it save my back , as I no longer need to pick up the dumbbell off the floor . I think the direction for put it together be adequate .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order this dumbbell for some reason think it be a pair . the dumbbell be perfect in every way , but just be aware that you need to order two if you need two , to avoid have to delay the time it take to have two . that say , they both arrive quickly .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the set be very good for a family , multip choice , good color ! we would like to share this set and information with friend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	make work out much easier because you do not have to bend to pick up the weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be use the powerblock system for 12 year ... . . I be a 63 year old special force Vietnam Vet ... . . I also hold a personal training certification from ace ... ... I have be trainng and body building for over 40 year ... ... and I can tell you that the powerblock system be the finest dumbell system i have ever use ... . I use mine 3-4 time a week ... I get a excellent workout , that help I stay very fit ... ... and i must tell you i like the feel of the product as well as the sturdiness ... of the block ... of course you have to be careful as you would with any heavy weight set ... just use common sense and keep training ... I would not use another brand and I reccomend they highly
Dumbbell	POS	4	Ok so I find mine at target , i be a woman and I buy the men one , I do not purchase to reduce arm flab I actually purchase to increase endurance\/stamina\/strength in the arm and shoulder as I be a Echocardiographer , basically what that mean be a ultrasound tech that scan the heart , and you guess it ... I have to scan under heavy obese breast ... to get to the heart and no the patient can not always hold they own up they might be unconscious , and anyone that be have one know that we have to push hard between rib pace for extended period to get image -lrb- while hold up those boob with the same arm -rrb- I be a new grad and boy be I in for a surprise at how weak I be !!!!!!!!!!! I can not endure more than 10 minute and not push hard means crappy picture which mean angry cardiologist and we have to do 10 a day for 30 minute each ... yike !! this be my answer . I get the men one because those boob usually weigh more than the female version and I be try to create endurance with that add weight like I say . I have do it two day now and my shoulder , biceps , triceps , pectoral , trap and lat all ache !!! whether or not the flab go anywhere this be definately a good workout for what I need .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these people be just greedy . they have be increase the price daily ! wait for Amazon to resolve its issue about this product . they be sell for $ 26.70
Dumbbell	POS	5	the powerblock be very well design and function quite well . I recommend they to anyone try to build a home gym or someone who just want to do some exercise at home .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I really like use the Shake Weight . I could feel the burn in my arm after only a couple minute . and although you look kind of weird use it , it be fun to use .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	this be not for people that be start to work out ... you need to be well build to be able to move it freely . and grip of it be bad ... I use it now and then but at time it can really mess up you finger .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Whenever I be use this beauty -lrb- and it be often -rrb- , my wife usually give I a exasperated look , roll she eye , and mumble something I can never understand , but I suspect that it have more to do with the fact that I be work in my home office , whilst ` shake-weight-ser-siz-ing ' , than anything else . I say , `` its multitasking - get over it '' ! as a video editor in the man 's adult film industry , I do not get a lot of free time to hit the gym -lrb- not that they even have these beauty there anyway -rrb- - so , it be important for I to make the most of my waking hour , and fit some sort of physical activity in at some point -lrb- bmus 43 - yike , I know -rrb- . since I start my daily , high-rep , high-intensity , bootcamp style , 60 minute , shake weight workout regimen -lrb- just over 6 month ago -rrb- , I have see obvious and wonderful result . I have never churn butter or plunge a toilet so well ! exceed my expectation ! recommend !
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the direction be pretty bad . and as someone else say the screw be very hard to tighten . they have a plastic stopper inside the bolt that you have to break through and its really tough on you hand if you use the hex wrench they supply . of course you would want to tighten the screw well because it be hold a lot of weight . my main complaint be the wheel it come with . I buy this for the sole purpose of store it somewhere and wheeling it to work out with . the wheel be terrible and make of cheap plastic . they do not spin because the weight of the stand and dumbbell . so essentially i be drag it across my wood floor , make it pointless . I will have to try and find real caster that actually roll ! if you plan on not move the stand then it be a decent , although any solid surface would hold the weight . if you have the room to be store they stationary not sure why you would even need a specific stand . this certainly be not a small space safe stand . a solid table would take up about the same space and cost way less .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I do not like it . it be not as it appear I really thouht the weight move by itself . I can do the same thing with my regular hand weight
Dumbbell	NEG	2	well ... I mess up on order this , it be now sit in a basket that I probably will not touch again . it be not easy ... and of course all of the ad make it look like it be . I would just rather use hand weight . I would not buy it again !
Dumbbell	POS	4	this weight set consist of a regular length hollow bar -lrb- which come in two piece and you beat together -rrb- , and two shorter bar . there be also clip to hold the weight on the end of each bar . there be two 20lb plate , four 10lb plate , and four 5lb plate . the plate fit both the longer bar and the shorter bar . the plate be nothing fancy - plastic , fill with concrete most likely , but weight be weight and they work well for I . the clip hold they fairly well -lrb- a little looser than a solid bar and actual solid plate -lrb- rather than fill plastic -rrb- but still effective . my only complaint -lrb- that I overlook when order -rrb- be that there be no 2.5 lb weight , so in order to go up or down on weight , you have to go a whole 10lb up or 10lb down since the smallest weight be 5lb and you need one on each side to keep it even . overall , though , this weight set work well for I . it be nothing fancy , but it get the job do .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	well it work and but not as effective as other would have you believe . I mean if you get arm that be flabby saggy and drag on the floor there no way this will work for you . if you have the type of arm like I do that not saggy but have a enough fat to block you from see muscle detention and have like a inner fat do not no how else to explain it . this will most likely not work or work very little , how to explain if I flex my arm it feel hard but look like cooking dough . so after about a year with this there be no way this will work like I want it to , but it dose work just not go make you have arm like the Rock .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have a chronic shoulder\/elbow condition that be aggravate by weight bearing exercise , and think this piece of equipment would be just the thing I need to prevent that , yet still get the arm\/shoulder shaping I desire . not so ... after the first use , my condition -lrb- tendonitis\/bursitis -rrb- flare so badly that I have to use ibuprofen and ice\/heat therapy for several day just to endure . it be be several week now , and I still have some pain . although the workout look harmless enough , just be aware of the potential problem if you already have any chronic condition . the short workout program include may be too long to start out with .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have these weight for just over 2 week and they be nothing short of fantastic . very easy to switch from 5 to 45 pound to optimize a workout . I have already lose two inch off my waist thanks to these and a new diet . I would definitely recommend these
Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbell set be perfect for begin weight user and\/or for light weight . the rack be easy to assemble and the weight themselves be ergonomic and comfortable to use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	buy these after begin p90x . they be perfect for program such as p90x because you do so many different exercise during the workout , that you absolutely must have the ability to quickly change weight . the weight themselves be build solid and will last a long time . the simple selector pin setup be very easy to use , and make add or reduce weight a 5 second event to change both dumbbell . the weight themselves look a bit bulky and clumsy since they be square\/rectangular shaped , however they be anything but . I would recommend these weight to anybody that be look for a reliable set of adjustable dumbbell . I originally be go to purchase the Bowflex brand , until I read too many review from people say that the plastic lock mechanism break on theirs at least once and be not the cheapest thing to replace . the only thing on the PowerBlocks that can really fail would be the selector pin , but its a simple piece of heavy duty plastic . I dont foresee it break anytime soon either ... a one sentence synopsis of the powerblock ? `` a simple , functional , solidly build set of weight that will not dissapoint '' .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love the size of it as i can store it just about anywhere and yet be able to lift weight anywhere from 6-24 pound . the only problem with it as other have mention be that you might mess up get the pin in straight to adjust the weight but it be easy to figure out when u have mess it up . another annoying thing about the dumbbell set be while ur work out the plate hit each other and u hear a annoying clunk sound
Dumbbell	POS	5	guy this be a solid dumbbell rack and a deal for the price . well package and solid when build . no worry as this tight rack can handle the weight . I give this five star for quality and value . the only very minor ding I will give it be the bottom channel of each tier be not very deep and the larger dumbbell hold on solid but catch the hex dumbbell on one if the inner angle . the dumbbell be still secure but not rest on the flat portion of the dumbbell . if the channel be about a inch deeper the larger dumbbell would rest on the flat side . Ok for you rubber hex people here be what you can put on this rack . I have 20 's ,25 's and 30 's on the top rack and they barely make it on . tight but manageable . I have 35 's and 40 's on the second rack with some room . you could possibly squeeze only one 45 on this second rack but you would not have enough room to carry the third rack . so I have 45 's and 50 's on the bottom rack again with some room . that be about it if you be buy rubber hex from 20-50lbs .20 -50 lb be right and anymore will not fit . something to consider be that the lowest rack be pretty low and if you have the space you may be better off with a two tier so you do not tingle the spine so much when you bend over . if you be tight for space like I , this be the way to go and for a steal of a price .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I get it , use it , do not really work . it make sense when I see the infomercial , but when I get it , I realize that no one can ever get `` buff '' use it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	when i first saw this i do not understand how it could possibly work , i decide i have to try it . i receive it today and it really do work . it be also a great way to vary you workout , as soon as you start use it you will feel the burn .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I check out the bowflex and the gold gym etc. and then I see these online , then check out youtube review and see they have they at Dicks sport goods . I go and check they out and they be everything I have want in a compact comfortable adjustable dumbell set . I can not say enough about they . who ever design they have there shiznit together . I buy the lower end line that do not have the 21\/2 lb increment , it save I about $ 80 . probably should have go all the way and get the higher line but I be more than happy with what I get . I be in the process of build my own personal excercise room and there will be limited space . I could not have buy a more perfect addition ! these be smaller and take up less room than any other out there .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love these weight ! - the price be right - they be comfortable to use - the stand be a great addition ! a little wobbly , but it get the job do . it be a wonderful storage for the weight . I definitely recommend these .
Dumbbell	POS	5	not a full workout on its own , but this be a fun , quick addition to a exist routine . the dvd routine it come with only take about 5 minute to do , which mean even a couch potato can run through it several time a day , during a commercial break , while wait for that big file to download , or the coffee to finish brewing . the quick workout also mean there be no excuse . even if you be run a bit late in the morning ... what be 5 minute more ? Forgot , and it be bedtime ? so what ? it 'll only take 5 minute . I keep mine at hand at make a point of use it in spare moment . it have the disadvantage of only come in the one weight , but there be a little compensation in that the intensity of the exercise be affect by the rate at which you shake it . a gentle shake provide a gentle workout , and more vigorous shake give a little tougher workout . not for those look for a real workout , but well worth it for a little boost to a exist workout , or for woman look for a little extra toning .
Dumbbell	POS	4	my boyfriend and I have be talk about get the shake weight ... well we do . he get I the women -lrb- they do not have man 's in stock at Walmart -rrb- . I use it lastnigth more as a joke and like it . I actually use it for 8 minute today . I do one minute on each arm then 6 hold it with two hand ... I find I have to alternate hand and I feel the burn . muscle I do not know I have , lol . after read review I be go to keep it up and watch how I use it so I do not have any pain in my already bad back ... but versus lift weight and even push up I feel all my muscle . so after day one love it ... but will continue and hope I be one of those user that continue to love it and see result . I need to add I just pick it up and use it ... way easier then get all my work out equipment out just talk to my four year old and before I know it I be do ... boy be I count down .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I love the stand . the instruction be easy to follow and I have this together in about a hour while watch tv . I like the fact that the stand can be use with or without wheel for mobility . very well make and no complaint here ! -lrb- ... -rrb- .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the stand make move the weight around easy , which mean for clean purpose , you do not have to worry about have to lift heavy dumbbell to get around they . the stand look very fancy and would make a appealing addition to any home gym . it also allow you to pick up and put down the weight easily without risk a injury to you back . I highly recommend this purchase . give the price and the Amazon prime eligibility , this deal be better than any other deal available .
Dumbbell	POS	5	be this a total workout ? heck no ! that say , i think everyone should have one ! and why ? because it be great for the day you do not work out . it be silly , it be fun , and it give you a bit of a pump . for the price , how wrong can you go ? i lift hard 3 day a week . on my off day , i do cardio and shake weight . i give this thing heck for about 15 minute . and i really believe it be deliver some extra cut to my muscle . could i get the same thing with dumbbell that i already use ? sure , i suppose ... but this be different and give I a break from dumbbell . i gotta say , i be very surprise at how much i like this thing . anyone who buy this as they primary workout be go to be disappoint . so just do not be that lazy , and you 'll find this as a great supplementary workout piece . i would not be without mine !
Dumbbell	POS	5	everything about this purchase have be please . the price be better than I find in local store . the packaging be surprisingly sound . it be receive without any ding , or chip . I like the straight handle , as oppose to the ergo handle . -lrb- this be probably just a personal preference . -rrb- though the dumbbell be not rubber coated , most of the exercise I perform be unilateral so the dumbbell rarely touch . if I be to purchase dumbbell for bench press I would consider a rubberized weight . -lrb- Though , again , cost would probably keep I from do so . -rrb- this weight be ideal for home use ; bicep curl , tricep extension , overhead press , lunge , door stop ... though I visit the local gym on a regular basis I love have the option to do smaller workout at home .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I try it for a week just for fun . just like any-other sport equipment , you just have to keep up with it and have patience . I lose a inch off my arm in 7 day -lrb- i have the measure tape to prove it -rrb- . my arm be definitely tighter . it be a ok equipment , but i think i will stick to the traditional dumbbell ; maybe once in a while , i will switch to the shake-weight -lrb- since it be not refundable -rrb- . -lrb-  _  -rrb- \*
Dumbbell	POS	4	I be give this rack as a birthday gift and I be very very happy with it . from a size perspective , its rack be not long enough to hold more than 3 set of big weight , and it do protrude out away from the wall more than what I would have think . but those be some pretty small gripe give the price point . I have mine set up as follow : top rack 8 , 10 , 15 & 20 ; middle rack hold the 25 , 30 & 35 dumbbell , and finally the lower rack have my 40 & 45er . I be kinda uncertain whether I can squeeze in a 50lb set , if I should ever get that strong to need they ... again , I be very pleased with this rack . its size related shortcoming be easily offset by its competitive price point .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I look for hour in all the wrong place . I think I need to go to the standard weight-lifting site to find a good dumbbell rack , but I be wrong . prior to this , the best price I find be $ 120 . I decide to look at Amazon for grin , and find what I be really look for . the product be solid , it ship fast , and it be simple to assemble . ignore the ciritial opinion ; they fix all the problem . the nut and bolt be all on a piece of cardboard with shrink-wrap plastic around it . do not waste you time look for a better deal -- this be it !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this dumbbell set to use for Chalean Extreme and P90X , and it be a great investment ! I be definitely intimidate by the price but after research other adjustable set , like the Bowflex Selecttech weight and other cheaper alternative , I go ahead and buy the Powerblocks . and it be a good thing I do ! they be space-efficient , easy-to-use , and a good price consider what you be get . the design be a little funkier to use than traditional dumbbell , but you adjust you workout to it , and I hardly notice anymore after use it . I debate buy separate set of weight but the price of all those amount to roughly the price of the Powerblocks and would take up a immense amount of space in my compact living room . I be able to purchase these at my local sport goods store for about $ 160 which be cheaper than Amazon , so I suggest that you google and shop around in you area if you want to save some money . but I would definitely say if you be on the bubble about purchase these because you be throw off by the price , do it !!! if you be commit about get fit and strong , you will need a wide range of weight and these be the best value . if you only plan to apply work out and strength training to be a temporary thing instead of a lifestyle , then definitely save you money and buy that one pair of 5 pound neoprene dumbbell .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	awesome , just open my package to see only one weight . I do not see that it say sell as each , so that be my fault , but the low rating go to the price point . I go with these because they be cheaper -lrb- only by a few dollar -rrb- then the other set , but those price be for 2 . should have go with those , now I have pay double what those be just to get a complete set . the price really be not worth it for these weight - not to mention it seem a bit like false advertising .
Dumbbell	POS	5	not much to say really , its a dumbbell - great for the home if you have the space , and I would definitely recommend get a rack if you buy a bunch of they . as dumbbell go , these be some of my favorite . they be very well make , and will not chip or crack - very sturdy . and even if the paint come off the number , the number be raise so there will not ever be any confusion as to what weigh what . I personally like use the hex shape the best . why ? well , two reason . for one , when I raise hex dumbbell over my head to do press or flye , I seem to be able to balance they better , although I know there be probably no `` physics '' reason for this , probably all in my head . secondly , when I be do flye or overhead press with dumbbell that have large diameter plate , and they touch in the top position , the edge of the plate can hit each other funny and make you dumbbell tip awkwardly - which never happen with the hex dumbbell due to they round shape . but I be rambling . if you be look for single dumbbell , these be a good choice and might be the last one you 'll ever need ! also recommend  smokin ' hot gun !! : how a average Guy can get Big , muscular arm in one workout a week
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a good product . the video give you a 6 minute workout with it and I can see over time use this will eventually help you tone you arm and possibly shoulder . I be not sure how long it will take as I have just start the workout .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after read other review , I be concern this would be difficult to assemble . maybe they have improve the instruction , but I find it very easy to put together by read the instruction . I think there be two key to make it go smoothly . 1 . do not fully tighten the screw at first . they should be just loose enough to have some room to move to get everything in place . once it be assemble , then tighten everything down . 2 . use a socket wrench with a ratchet . use the hex wrench to hold one side in place and use the socket wrench to tighten . the proper socket size be list in the instruction , but I think it be 9\/16 '' . it only take my about 30 min . to get it fully assemble from the time I open the box . it have be a huge improvement when do p90x to put the dumbbell in easy reach to adjust and pickup to minimize down time between set and avoid risk of injury from pick they up from the floor each time .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be use this product for about a week now and it do exactly what it say it do , you feel the burn on you arm and shoulder after each 6 minute workout . I have belong to gym in the past and they claim that what it take 42 minute in the gym you get in 6 minute with the Shake Weight be very accurate ! I see a lot of people panning this product on vary site , but for the price I figure I would give it a shot and it work like a charm ! all I can say be that people who say this do not work never actually try this ! definately recommend this as a good way to get definition in you arm !
Dumbbell	POS	4	unless you have a table or counter to put these weight on , it be just not good for you back . when re-racking weight and have to put it back on the floor . this rack be build for the dumbbell and function as it be . the wheel be very helpful when need to wheel these thing around . especially for cleaning . very stable .
Dumbbell	POS	5	really great product . I buy both the men and lady dumbbell . notice a difference in about a week and a half . I have to use the lady dumbbell for the left arm exercise for about the first week , good that I buy they both . it have be all uphill from there . these work !!! almost forget , buy the lady for my wife , she love it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand be the perfect height for average person to `` lift off '' the dumbbell . not only that but the unique design let you stand comfortably close to the weight so you can lift they off the stand with you leg ... not you back !
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you own the selectech bowflex dumbell then this dumbell stand be a must . it allow you to pick up the weight with out haveing to bend over and strain you back . for that reason alone be be worth the money . also the rack be well build and not bad to look at either . it make a great combination with the selectech 552 dumbell that I purchase .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I be impressed . . so far these seem to be rather solid , I be 6 ' 2 '' 270 and lift thing up , and put they down . I be surprise by how durable , and easy they be to assemble ... if this be a little higher I would be much happier , that be the only reason I be give it four star instead of five . overall great product and I be happy I purchase it along with my 1090 .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the set be awesome and it feel pretty well build . the only bad thing that i have find be that the plate be pretty big -lrb- for dumbell not the bar -rrb- but you be still able to work out effectively . still this set be great for the price .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I think the purchase be for a pair -lrb- 2 weight -rrb- !! bottom line : it be too expensive for just one dumbell compare to a local sport store -lrb- where I have previously purchase 5 # neoprene weight -rrb- . also the 2nd one be a slightly different color . not a big deal , but annoy . it be a pretty self-explanatory product ... neoprene dumbell . bc it be neoprene , it have a nice grip and protect the weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great dumb bell rack . it have more than enough space for the 5-50lb dumb bell . this be worth every dollar . it easily go together . and it be extremely durable .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I hate to say it , since the commercial be so silly , but this thing really work . I have just be use it for a week and already my arm be more tone and less flabby . I do not know what they mean about a 6-minute workout , though , since I time the upper-body workout on the dvd and it be 12 minute . but that be still not much time out of you day for a good workout -- you just have to make sure you do it every day to get result .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy one of these , watch the dvd and do some of the exercise and my right shoulder have suffer immeasurable damage . my shoulder grind and click when my doctor put I through basic test . I be take chondroitin now which seem to be help after no success with cortisone shot but the un-natural stress and torque this apparatus put on you shoulder be terrible beyond word . I have not be able to golf for a year as a result and I have never be more unhappy with a single product in my life .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I honestly think that this run on battery or something and would shake itself and you just hold onto it ... wrong ... I suppose it work though . I have do the dvd a few time and it make you arm tire .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the apex dumbbell rack look great . it be very sturdy and well build . I be very happy with this purchase and would recommend this product to everyone who be look for a dumbbell rack for they home gym . it look great in we home gym .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I work out with the limited free weight I have as well as resistance band when I do P90X . however , when I decide to start p90x2 , I want a better set of free weight that would provide I with a wider range . my husband have the PowerBlock 15-50 which he love so when I mention I need some weight that will not take up the whole house , he get I this set , 3 to 24 pound and it be perfect for I . the weight increment be small enough that I get really the perfect weight for each exercise . the change of weight be super fast and secure . I be a bit skeptical of the plastic weight pin , but my husband have have he set for a year now and even with the heavier weight he use , there have never be a problem and so I do not foresee any with mine either . Bottomline , I highly recommend this set for someone who need quick change , small weight increment , and space saving . the only reason I do not give it 5 star be because it really be very expensive . but it be well make and great quality .
Dumbbell	POS	5	like a lot of people here , I see this darn thing on tv and have to check it out . I think two main thing potential buyer want to know be a -rrb- be it junk , and b -rrb- do the darn thing work ? first , `` be it junk ? '' no , it be not a cheapo piece of exercise equipment that will fall apart the first time you drop it . it be actually make of a hard plastic , with metal end . so no , it be not a piece of junk , but rather a pretty sturdy dumbbell . will it last for year ? probably . also of note : the dumbbell do NOT have a motor , run on battery , or shake by itself - that be you job and how you get exercise use it . next up , `` do it work ? '' well , first you have to define `` work '' , which will depend on you fitness goal . if you be look to bulk up you arm , and really pack on the muscle , do not expect one five-pound dumbbell to make you look like the incredible hulk , or the guy in the commercial . it simply will not `` work '' for that purpose . -lrb- suggest  smokin ' hot gun !! : how a average Guy can get Big , muscular arm in one workout a week  instead , what it will most definitely do be provide exercise for you arm -lrb- and other muscle -rrb- , maybe add a little muscle if you be really out of shape , and tone they up . for these purpose , I would have to say that it do indeed `` work '' . I think most anyone who pick this thing up and shake it non-stop for 6 minute would have to admit they feel like they arm have get a little exercise in . sooo , if you be not look to get huge arm , but rather some decent exercise and arm toning - check it out , I do not think you 'll be disappoint .
Dumbbell	POS	5	do not get it the day after I order it , but it do come in a reasonable amount of time . the rack work great and it be nice and sturdy . for the price you can not beat it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love have a full set of freeweight in the size of one pair ! just gotta be careful when you be switch weight because if you have the clip on a diagonal it get dangerous and awkard . overall it be great !!
Dumbbell	POS	5	this item be give as a gift . the recipient receive the product in a timely fashion . the person be very well pleased with the Shake weight .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	be look forward to use this product , it do not do what be suppose to . the shake be very limited and it jam at random interval .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I cave and get the shake weight think that it would be a quick way to tone my arm . I have be use it for about a week and do not see a whole lot of difference so far , but I think it probably deserve more time . my disappointment with the shake weight be in the video . the leader 's arm look like they be in different position base on the camera angle , and often she do not do what she be say . in chest press she elbow be too low , during the shoulder exercise it occasionally look as though she hand be point forward instead of at the ceiling , and in the rotator cuff active release she elbow dip down down in between reps. these inconsistency be not deal breaker , but when I buy a exercise video I expect the person in it to know what they be do . little movement like these can make a big difference in the result that you see . be careful of you body mechanic !
Dumbbell	POS	5	purchase this for my husband when I purchase the Shake Weight for Women . he notice a difference in he arm and say it be worth purchase it .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy these as a cheaper alternative to Bowflex Selectech dumbbell , and long story short I just order a set of Selectech and will be try to sell these or else give they away . they be weight , yes , and they be adjustable . but I find they to be a bit clunky and not very ergonomically appealing . also , the change between weight unless you be do 10 lb increment be time consuming . there be two 2.5 lb weight in the handle , so you have to remove the center handle and remove one or both of they depend on if you want to adjust 2.5 or 5 lb . plus then you have one or both of the 2.5 lb weight to deal with until you put they back in the handle . a bit of a pain in regular use , but especially for I as I use they for p90x and change as quickly as possible be beneficial . they be not bad , I just think there be better alternative out there .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	you get what you pay for as the cheapest weight you can find you can bet they be cheap as hell shipping be nothing more then a over size box with paper in it . so yeah box will be destroy . when i get it the up man be shock at how it be ship . the weight inside show damage from be drop and throw around in a over size box . they work though but huge defect in both weight . I have older cap dumbbell but they be still in good shape . I gamble and lose . haha what can i say huge chunk of other weight be move around like a junky job of put they together . the reject weight this site sell to you i guess . but again you save 20-40 $ a pair so that be a plus for little think like that .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the PowerBlocks after look through review for what dumbell set would work for my p90x need . after get the product and use it with p90x , I be happy to say that it be quite practical and get the job do . like other people have say , you have to make sure that you align the weight properly when you switch to different weight , but after the 4 week ive be use it , i have never be afraid of the weight randomly fall on my head or fall to the floor . it be durable and everything you would need for p90x , or for any workout routine . bottom line , get it ! you will not regret it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have only be use this product for 3 day and I already see some definition in my bicept muscle and feel tighter in my arm and chest . I recommend this to people who take they fitness seriously and want fast result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	go together with a cordless drill in about 20 minute and have make use the SelectTecs a breeze for we workout . since we do BeachBody and Jillian Michaels , we be concerned lifting and set the weight down through out a work out . this make it all easier and protect the dumbell from a misjudge drop ! the stand roll into the den from the living room when workout be do easy peasy
Dumbbell	POS	5	Great stand - perfect hight to accommodate any size user -lrb- I have to bend down only very slightly , and the include dvd help you know how to lift they safely . -rrb- and make for a nice display piece , and a great way to keep you dumbbell safe and off the floor .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the rack seem solid & well build . just like other , my hardware packet break apart during shipping . and just like other , my outer box have hole in it . you guess it , I be miss hardware . a quick trip to Lowe 's for 7 buck worth of hardware & it be put together in about 20 minute . I would still recommend the rack for the price . just be prepare to make a trip to the hardware store .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	it need to be a big bigger and have pad for the dumbbell but for the price I can not complain .
Dumbbell	POS	5	for the price , you can not beat this rack . I shop around at numerous fitness store and could not find anything that come close to this product for the money . for under $ 100 ship , this be a great buy . pro - sturdy - I be use this for over 500lb of dumbbell and it be show no sign of flex . Easy to assemble - took maybe 30 minute with a socket set . assembly consist of connect 12 bolt , washer and nut . that be it . value - similar rack sell for over $ 200 -lrb- before shipping -rrb- . con - none really , although there be a few minor scratch -lrb- it could be packed better -rrb- and the logo sticker be not apply very carefully . overall , I be very happy with the purchase and can easily overlook a few minor cosmetic flaw for the price .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake weight be exactly what it be advertise to be if use the way it be mean to . many people say that it be not do anything for they and that be probably because they be not use it correctly . you be mean to barely move you arm while you shake the weight . my husband max out at 250 and when he get it on Xmas he use the shake weight for about 15-30 min and he arm be sore the next day . as long as use correctly you will get result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really enjoy use this 20 lb dumbbell for exercise in my home ... as a former collegiate athlete , I appreciate high quality equipment , diverse use , and affordable price -lrb- although I be willing to pay more for a higher quality product if it be prove -rrb- . I will definitely use this company in the future for dumbbell purchase ! a bonus be that it be under the Prime program !
Dumbbell	POS	5	it be a little tricky learning to use the set - -lrb- adjust the weight choice -rrb- , but once I learn the trick to it , it be perfect for my curcuit training which require quick change in weight . the set look neat , and be very compact . would recommend it to anyone who need a dumbell set that max out at 25 lb .
Dumbbell	POS	5	im not gonna lie i feel kind lame for get the shake weight but its be about 3 week and im already see a good change on my arm , im not say im supper buff but i see a pretty good change and its only be 3 week so im pretty happpy with the shake weight
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the powerblock because I do not want to have a bunch of dumbell sit around my house . I could not be more pleased . the PowerBlocks look unusual but I do not notice any difference between the powerblock or a set of regular dumbell . the adjustable pin slow you down a little bit if you be do some circuit training but that be the only gripe that I have . overall , a excellent product at a cheaper price than the competition .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	the title pretty much speak for itself . Walmart do not offer the weight over 40lb but they be much cheaper there . even if you order they online they be only $ 1 to ship per dumbbell , which still beat the price on here by a significant amount .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be just start out with free weight . I have no coordination hence cant lift weight and cant dance . so I get these to practice at home till I get better so I dont look like a idiot at the gym . they work ! I love they . they be a bear to change out to add or subtract weight and the bar be a bit small . but I will get over it . especially since I spend like 38 buck I think . definitely worth it for I . if you all hard core weight and weight lifting might want to get something nicer than this though .
Dumbbell	POS	5	in the past few week I have assemble two Rowing machine and the Bowflex 5.1 Bench and the instruction for this product be no better , no worse than any other instruction I have view recently . in fact , I think put the stand together be pretty self-explanatory even without the instruction . I assemble the stand in a little over a hour with a few quick glance at the instruction book because I hate read instruction . it do take a little muscle to tighten the screw and bolt , but then , that be why I want the Dumbbell Set in the first place . that be say , I think it be a great product , well make and sturdy . I have to admit after read the other review I be put off at the thought of have to struggle to put another piece of equiptment together , but , it be really a breeze ! the bench be also a excellent product too .
Dumbbell	POS	5	look at several differant type of rack , this one have prove to be very good quality and easy to put together . would highly reccomend product and amazon . I pay $ 87.00 and no shipping .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I really want this to work ... pregnancy leave I with floppy arm and I want to find something that would help I with that ... well , this be not it : -rrb- it do not really shake , make lot of noise for no reason . not something I would recomand
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this a no frill product , the weight be pretty much as advertise . the problem with it be that a -rrb- there be no assembly instruction for the rack b -rrb- the component of the rack be not label -- I find out that the dowel be not interchangeable , mean each dowel , and its end , fit into a specific location . this be not mention anywhere since there be no assembly instruction . I read review prior to order the product and see highly conflicting view . some thought -lrb- more actually -rrb- that the rack be useless while other , a few , think that the rack be nice and convenient . keep these in mind , I decide to play around with the dowel when they do not seem to fit well and sure enough I figure thing out and be able to assemble the rack quite well . a lot of people will not bother to figure out how to assemble it properly . of course it be nothing special , in fact one can call it cheap , but it can be use . my suggestion be to enclose assembly instruction complete with dowel label .
Dumbbell	POS	5	look , I have see these great tv special on every health product there be I think . I think I would give the Shakeweight a try . Ha , let I tell you this , the man 's Shakeweight will give you a great workout as long as you `` really '' work at it . in two week , I not only feel stronger , but my body be respond to the workout better than most other high dollar equipment . but remember , this be to tone you body and not make you a superman . I be 57 , a avid cyclist , and upper body strength be paramount when mountain biking . I buy my wife the woman 's version and she love hers too . for less than thirty buck , this be one piece of exercise equipment you will want to have in you workout collection . and that be no bull .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I get this for Christmas after much snicker from my family . I tell you what though it work so well . I have be use it everyday since I get it . I just pick it up for a few minute shake a few different way for each muscle then walk away . Super easy to do a few minute a few time a day . I be not to sure how well it would work but after a week my arm be firmer . I be not a fit girl and I tell you what it be amazing to see a little less jiggle in my arm . I will continue to use this product cause it be soooo easy and so rewarding .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great product , but not expandable like the rep say . Powerblock have several product line and I check out they web site and order the Powerblock r90 -lrb- about 80 buck more for a potential of 130 pound per hand . -rrb- they have a rubber coating and better all around look and quality . if 50 pound be all you need they be truly great .
Dumbbell	POS	5	i purchase the weight 10 day ago and i do the video for 6 min every day i have a little musel it be so cool i be try to loose weight and the lose skin need to tighten up i love this weight and i will keep do it
Dumbbell	NEG	1	after use , I think you could buy a bottle of water , drink the water , fill it half way up with sand and shake . the muscle benefit would be the same .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I be not sure how well this product work but it certainly be entertaining . it be much larger than the Women 's Shake Weight but not much heavier .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	if you be like I and want to buy this dumbbell because of its great commercial , please be aware that it be total waste . I buy it not for shake weight but for my every day exercise . absolutely no result and you feel like a retard every time shake it and hope it would do something . although it be hard to shake in the beginning , it do not do anything to the body that you see in commercial .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I would never try or BUY THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE no one in CHARGE be PROOFING the ad . it be NOT `` US '' girl , it be `` WE '' girl ...
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be one of the few bad order I have have with Amazon . arrive in cardboard box contain the shake weight loose and the original retail packaging fold up and along side the weight . the counterweight or mechanism be break so the whole thing have to be return . Amazon have excellent return policy and be only one bad incident after year of very very happy shopping experience with Amazon
Dumbbell	POS	5	I absolutely love these dumbbell . the ease of use be incredible and the ability to change small increment in weight and not have weight all over the place be great . right now I be do some circuit type training that require you to move from one exercise to another with a very short break , these make it easy . I can finish a exercise , change both these from one weight to another and get they in position for the next exercise in under a minute , easily . I have have no problem at all with the quality and use . you do need to make sure the pin be fully seat and both side be under the same weight as many have state but it be no extra effort , just pay attention and make sure the pin come all the way through when you push it in . they be easier to change on a hard surface , if you use a carpeted floor it help to lift one side to change the pin . only negative I can come up with , these do not expand into a heavier set so you may grow out of this set . so think that through carefully as you may save $ $ in the long run by buy the next set up to begin with .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Easy to assemble . very sturdy . overall a great value , especially with free shipping . you will be hard press to find another dumbbell rack that be equally well-built and better price .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the stand do what it be make for . I like it because I can move the dumbbell easily to my designate workout area and then back to the corner of the room when I be finish . it be really more of a convenience and not a necessity to have . the only thing I do not like be that the stand I get be somewhat uneven on the bottom . that be probably why they give you adjustable wheel and peg because the company must have be aware that the quality vary and they can not make the piece perfectly even .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	ok just get this rack put together today so let start from the begin packing - packing be ok but the nut and bolt pack break and they where lay all over the box assembly - easy assy take about 10 min only 12 bolt to tighten a + on this apex design - it be a very sturdy rack and only weigh 56lb but the angle iron that hold the dumbbell be to tall for the 10lb dumbbell so they rock back and forth and the rack need to be about 4in longer , it be a very tight fit to get all 10-50 hex on the rack if they make it 4in longer it would be a nice fit and you could probably even get a set of 55lb on there all in all I be happy with the rack it look nice and serve its purpose
Dumbbell	POS	5	after much research on adjustable dumbbell I end with the Powerblocks . I try several adjustable dumbbell at the store but nothing can come close to these . I be very pleased with these as they be very functional and quality make . adjust the weight be very fast and easy . they take up very little room compare to traditional dumbbell . if you want easy to use adjustable dumbell , quality make product , and save space than these be the Ultimate Dumbells for you .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be exactly what I want for my p90x experience . they be affordable and sturdy , unlike some other cheaper adjustable dumbbell I look at . I find no trouble at all in change weight quickly . I be able to change they on carpet without issue as well -lrb- although my carpet be not plush , so I would assume that situation would be remedy with a piece of cardboard or wood -- stand be not need in my opinion unless you want they up higher -rrb- . my only minor complaint be the handle be smooth . again , not a problem for I since I wear glove , but if I do not have glove , the smooth surface would make they slide in sweaty hand . the block feel natural and balanced , so I be overall extremely pleased . not as `` sexy '' as the Bowflex model , but certainly a much better deal price-wise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	as expensive as this set be , the convenience and space saving we get out of it be unparalleled . have they have make it easy and convenient for I to do multiple exercise with different weight amount easily instead of have to purchase , store , and alternate between multiple weight . they be recommend to I by a friend and I be glad I listen !
Dumbbell	POS	4	buy for my girlfriend as a gift , this small weight set be great for use with in house fitness video . the rack be however flimsy but it work to hold the weight up , just do not try and move it and do not press too hard when put it together .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be very easy to assemble , look nice , and easily hold my dumbel 5-40 lb . it be very sturdy and the sloped design make it easy to pick up the dumbell from any level .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the shaker weight look easy but it be not ... I have be work out for year and this thing can `` kick you butt '' I have see some improve on my triceps ... the jury be still out if I would `` totally '' recommend it . follow the instruction or it will not do a thing ... . .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbbell have easy adjustable weight set . other brand use dial , this one use a rubberized magnetic pin strap that be very easy and quick to pull in and out . the weight be well make , secure , compact and safe to use . if you be concern about the risk of weight fall of while in use , do not be , this be the best design I have see and it be virtually impossible of that happen . with the 45 lb classic set , you can expand to 60 lb with add-on . if you need more weight than that , then you should choose the elite model , which can go up to 105 lb set with add-on .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I get this gift for my b.f.f for CHRISTMAS IT WAS OUR FIRST CHRISTMAS AS FRIENDS and I be sure on what to get her and how much my price range should be . SHE HAD EXPRESS DESIRES for THIS PRODUCT , SO I figure it would be a great gift I be do all my CHRISTMAS SHOPPING ONLINE THIS year and see AMAZON.COM OFFERED A great price for the product . when it FIRST arrive I want to try it out its a pretty good product harder than it look for sure . BUT for a great price and to see HOW HAPPY MY B.F.F WAS to get it be worth it for sure .
Dumbbell	POS	5	why spend a couple hundred buck for a dumbbell rack that do not do anything but hold you dumbbell ? for less than a hundred buck this item be great . it be quick and easy to set up , I have all the piece that it be suppose to have and it do exactly as it be suppose to -lrb- sit in the corner of my garage and hold weight -rrb- . what more can I ask for ?
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the Shake Weight be not what I think it would be . it do not work as smoothly as it seem in the commercial .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this rack be just what I need . it be very sturdy and easy to put together . hold all my weight and do not take up much space .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just get this dumbbell rack and put it together myself , within one hour . Ok , so my hubby have to make a little adjustment to it because I build it a little crooked , lol . I be absolutely please with this rack . it hold all my dumbbell , 20 's , 15 ' 2 , 12 's , 10 's , 8 's , 5 's -lrb- 2 pair of 3 's -rrb- , 2 's and 1 's . I would just like to say to the reviewer that say they can not store they smaller neoprene or vinyl weight on this rack , I lay mine across the rear top rail . this work great for now , since I have available space . if I ever fill it to capacity , then I 'll have to find another home for the smaller weight , but for now , it work , and it be a idea for everyone else .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	overall this be the product I need for my dumbbell , however it be either package poorly and damage during shipment or there be no quality check before it be send out . when I open the package and start to assemble it , one of the leg have a huge dent on the outside part . obviously it be go to get bang up with use -lrb- especially weight go on and off all the time -rrb- , but it always frustrate I to get something already mess up . will still use this product since it be what I be look for but will definitely avoid this seller when possible in the future .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a real easy exercise to follow and it be helpful for the upper body .
Dumbbell	POS	5	they arrive in the mail as advertise , and it be a good dumbell as any . Easy grip , soft material , and it weigh what it should . I -lrb- 3 working with weight , and this be perfect for my physique .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have own the elite series for some time . I be not sure how the new redesign dumbbell work , but these have problem ! depend on what excersise you do the pin slide out , make they very unsafe . another major problem be the plate be very delicate ! you can not even mildly drop these on a rubber mat after a bench press because the plate flex , which make the pin almost impossible to set . very disappointed , they be currently for sale .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I buy this when I be on break from school and start out use it with the 6minute cd . though I doubt I 'll ever look like she , I hope I can get some muscle tone in my arm . when I have free time now I do a few excercise , but after read a few review have be skeptical about use certain one . its not a miracle worker , and you do have to work at it every day consistently but I think its a good product
Dumbbell	POS	5	I like these dumbbell due to the handle . the handle be lightly perforated , which mean there be no slippage during lifting . however , they be also smooth handle - which mean you hand never get hurt during lifting . they be the perfect combination of smoothness and perforation . I give these a thumb up .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the PowerBlock dumbbell after return the SelectTech dumbbell . the selecttech be cumbersome , the weight plate feel loose , and you have to dial two dial to select one weight . furthermore , they be over $ 100 more expensive than the PowerBlocks . on the plus side for the PowerBlocks : 1 -rrb- they take up very little space for a adjustable dumbbell 2 -rrb- they feel solid 3 -rrb- while not cheap , they be much cheaper than the SelectTech dumbbell 4 -rrb- you can do over the head tricep extension use both weight or one use the handle on the bottom 5 -rrb- select the weight be a one step process for each weight 6 -rrb- they be upgradable with a heavier handle option and a barbell option on the minus side : 1 -rrb- allign the pin to select the weight be a bit more difficult with the weight on the ground . the stand or a table top would alleviate this problem . overall , I be pleased with the PowerBlocks and definitely recommend they to anyone look for a quality , adjustable weight dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the apex 3-tier dumbbell rack be order on 12\/11\/08 and receive at my home on 12\/15 , pretty good for free shipping . however , the shipment arrive with the box literally open and part lay on the ground at my front door where FedEX drop it off . this product weigh 56 lb and only shipping tape be use to seal the box . fedex should require the supplier to use nylon strap to hold the box together . luckily , no part where lose . I find a few minor scratch , as well , but that be fine with I give the forthcoming scratch I will give it when use it . assembly require 20 minute with a single socket wrench . it be very solid and ergonomical well design . the rubber footing add a nice touch for stability . I load it with 8 pair of hexagon dumbbell -lrb- 5 to 40 lb -rrb- . it do not sway when load or unload dumbbell . the 5 lb dumbbell do not rest properly on the rack , but all other be fine . I still have room for 2 more pair of small -lrb- less than 40lb -rrb- dumbell . I recommend this product , minus the lousy shipment experience .
Dumbbell	POS	5	haha purchase as a gag gift but I have try it out and it do feel like it work . just have to get that motivation up !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have this apex weight rack for several year . it be hold up remarkably well and get lot 's of use . I be a personal trainer and have the rack in my basement studio . the problem be ... we move a couple of year ago and the mover lose one of the rubber foot . I have a new cork floor in the new studio and would really like to get a replacement rubber foot . do anyone know where I can get one ? I can not even seem to find the paperwork for a part list or a contact phone number for apex to order one . thanks .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand be very sturdy and a space saver . it definitely make the dumbell easier to manipulate and save you lower back . it also very attractive piece of equipment . how the direction be horrible . luckily they have a picture on the front of the instruction and I be good with put thing together . the direction definitely need improvement .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy mine at second wind Fitness -lrb- new -rrb- and absolutely love they . they be both smaller than my old 3 , 5 , 8 , & 10 lb dumbbell be ! I have use they every other day for 4 month now and they be like brand new , nothing break or feel shaky . they save space , have easy `` quick change '' by move the pin like Nautilaus machine back at the gym . I be extremely well-pleased . ca not recommend they highly enough . I be a 5 ' 2 '' woman and they fit in my hand better than those old 10lb dumbbell do !
Dumbbell	POS	5	sturdy design . have option for wheel -lrb- include -rrb- . good height . recommend a gym mat if you want to protect you harwood floor or carpet . assembly be bit of a pain as you need some help tighten the screw -lrb- take about 45 min to assemble -rrb- . highly recommend with bowflex dumbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	first of all i start by first review the comment about the product and i be hook now buy the men instead of the women because the man have more weight for one and second the grip be bigger for bigger hand . now for the real review well this product work like a charm ive do free weight for a hour and i dont get the pain that this product give I i promise you if you get this product for six minute of youre time you will define youre arm . Finaly it do look weird when do the workout but dont discourage youreself because do people that say that it look like this and like that they have never try it s try this product and i promise you you wont go back to free weight
Dumbbell	POS	5	in spite of the mixed review , I decide to take a chance on this rack give its reasonable price . I be very pleased . it arrive in perfect condition , have very sturdy construction and could not have be easier to assemble -lrb- 20 minute from unpack to dumbbell stack -rrb- . the one negative that I will point out be that you can not adjust the distance between the horizontal bar on the respective `` shelf '' . my iron dumbbell fit perfectly , while the neoprene dumbbell be not able to straddle the two bar that be mean to keep they from fall off the shelf . I intend to drill new hole that will allow I to adjust the distance , but it would certainly be better if the manufacturer could change the design to make this adjustable .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be skeptical at first , like everyone else . if you use it for 10 minute a day or even less than that , it definitely tone you arm . after read the review , I still be not sure about purchase it because I have be athletic all my life . its great for tone and it sit right next to my ab ball and medicine ball wait to be use each day . Easy to use . the dvd include be simple and lack the corniness of typical workout video . definitely surprise . try it . what be the worst that could happen ?!
Dumbbell	POS	5	great product . they work great . I and my kid use they while we watch tv . you must watch the dvd before you start use they . never realize I be do my dumbbell exercise the wrong way . you will do they more efficiently after watch the dvd . save time , space and money and buy they from Amazon . purchase with the stand -- deliver in 3 day . also purchase the 3.1 bench -- deliver in 5 day .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just receive they last evening and they be exactly what I expect . the 3 lb . increment up to 24lb be perfect . they be just the right size for a woman . in comparison , the Bowflex and Selecttech 's be too big and cumbersome for I . these be perfect . they be compact and do not take up much room at all . you need to be attentive when put in the pin . there be a top side and bottom side to the gray pin-bar . I have find that when insert upside down the plate do click together and the pin handlebar fall out . other than that minor note , I love they ! as one review state , you can hear the plate click together when lifting , but I find that when the pin be insert properly and the gray bar be snug to the frame there be no or very little noise . if you do not want any noise , I suggest get dumbbell . quite frankly , I be more focus on get through p90x than a little bit of noise !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be ready to buy this set of classic powerblock on Amazon but then I find out that there be a newer version available for less at local retailer . the PowerBlock Sport 5.0 set -lrb- $ 299 -rrb- be essentially the same as the Class PowerBlock set but with a few improvement -lrb- extra 5lb of weight , better grip , sturdier lock , etc. -rrb- . here be the description from the official Powerblock website : `` the Sport Series be the third generation of PowerBlocks new in June of 2008 . the Sport Series consist of 4 model of PowerBlocks with unique difference in both form & function . as far as form go , the dramatic change would be the Gray color of the steel weight plate vs. the black weight plate of other PowerBlock model and the round shaped top of the weight plate offer a stylish look . as far as function difference , the Sport Series have taper handle , double tethered selector pin -lrb- not on the Sport 2.4 -rrb- , the wrist support be of a more open design offer a larger handle cavity and the dial lock be recess into the handle . '' with that out of the way , I 'll give a quick review . I just finish my first round of p90x classic use a combination of resistance band and light hexagon dumbbell -lrb- 10lb pair and 15lb pair -rrb- . I try hard to like the band but get tire of constantly change they for more resistance and the buckle end of get in the way too often . I then switch to dumbbell but those be too light for what I need so I end up tone instead of add muscle mass . I decide to go with the PowerBlocks and could not be happier with the decision . I try they out in the store first and right away I know it be a worthwhile purchase . they be well-built , relatively small for have such a blocky design , have a easy-to-use yet reliable lock mechanism , and feel great to handle . I have use they for a variety of p90x video and have not have any issue . the only very minor annoyance be that the plate clank a bit but I get use to it quickly and it be not a issue . other than that , I love everything about they and I be look forward to start round 2 of p90x with they soon !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	just toss this piece of c -- p in the garbage !!!! what a waste !!!! spend the extra money on a better brand .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I be really excite to get this product , in fact , most of the review on Amazon lead I to believe that this prodcut be worth check out . naturally , I be skeptical and wonder if it would really work . the SW just arrive yesterday and I be really excite to put it to the test ! I complete the 6 minute arm workout which do not sound like it be even long enough to work anything , but to my dismay , my muscle be definitely work ! however , about a hour after my workout I be do my normal odd job around the house when I happen to look up from whatever I be do and it feel as though every single muscle in my neck have be pull . it be and remain horribly painful . I have iced and heated and even go to yoga this evening in hope it would relieve the strain . they do not tell you to relax the neck in the workout and I do not even think I be strain it until the aftermath . please please do not strain you neck or place unnecessary tension in you neck as you figure out how to use this weight . surprisingly , the proper technique do take a bit to get down as you naturally want to move you wrist etc. . I would not say do not buy it ... just buy it and realize that other body part may feel strain from the shake ! good luck in you decision make !
Dumbbell	POS	5	item be as describe . I work out regularly on light dumb bell . the shaker do create a burn . item be good for those who never work out . I use it to add spice to my dumb bell routine . interesting little device .
Dumbbell	POS	5	my fiance buy I this set for Xmas and I absolutely love they . I live in a 1 bedroom condo and I be run out of room in my living room for all my dumbbell . I can already see I save to get the next size up ... which I be sure I 'll be need before next year . I have very small hand and the grip on these be just perfect to grasp they . another thing I be worry about be place they on my shoulder ... they do not fit up there perfectly , but they do not fit up there uncomfortably either . another thing be they be not incredibly cumbersome . when you get out of 20 pounder , the dumbbell end become thick and big and hard for my little hand to grasp ... not a problem with my powerblock ... then end be always easy to grasp and seem to stay the same size through the increment ... which be perfect for my extra small hand . I work out to Videos and have to pause the video in order to change the pin to a different weight , but it do not take I long to get use to change the pin into the correct increment and I be get faster with it all the time . I have be slowly give away my dumbbell because they just be not need anymore and I can not say enough about the powerblock ... can not wait to buy my next set . I be think though that a stand would make change increment easier ... but for now ... I 'll make do .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these to start the p90x program . not be very athletic , I think the 3-24 pound weight would be enough . they be solid and well design . change weight be a snap . although they be fine start out , I realize that I would quickly outgrow these weight as I progress through the workout series . 24 pound seem like a lot of weight if you have not be lifit before but after a few week you will wish you have more resistance on some exercise . I return these and get the Powerblock Sport 5.0 that cover 5-50 pound instead . they be both great product , vastly superior to the rubber band for p90x -lrb- which be ok as a last resort , but free weight be much more challenging and provide a better workout -rrb- . if you plan on do less weight and more rep , then the 3-24 pound set may be appropriate .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you get what you put into this . people say that it do nothing be either a -rrb- do it wrong or b -rrb- need the bigger weight . this be 2.5 lb . however , for the work out you do with it , that be quite sufficient . I have be do this not too long , use the 6 minute work out , and you have to work ! this be not a magic device that will do it for you . you have to push and clench you muscle and go as hard and as fast as you can . -lrb- I know I be get to how wrong it look too just ignore the unintentional inuendo lol -rrb- you push yourself until you want to die , basically , that be the best way to do it I have notice lol . if you be not feel pretty terrible b the end of it you have not do something right . when I do the shake weight I have to put a lot of effort into it . it be not like `` oh this machine be help I excercise '' its more like `` I be help the machine exercise which there for make I stronger '' -lrb- some how , its a loose comparison -rrb- I love the quick work out , this and  Perfect Pushup - original  but these cheap at home item you have to be dedicate to and you have to work they , they be not expensive enough to work you lol xd so work it or do not complain ! lol xd then again my arm be very weak now , so it be very hard for I . but that be also nice aobut it , you can tailor you work out to as intense as you can go , so you can trim it back if you be not able to handle it . there be lot of information and a dvd with the 6 minute work out -lrb- at least there be with mine i buy it from another store though not here -rrb- and its pretty good . for the price who can complain ? it be a great item I have no remorse and I use it every night . it be great . however ... yes you look like you be do horribly filthy thing when you do it . yes it do look wrong . get over it and do it in private if it bother you . lol xd
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be look for adjustable dumbbell but do not want to pay a fortune ! while these be a little more expensive than I want to pay I be really glad that I do . I read all the review -lrb- good and bad -rrb- and decide to try they . they be easy to use , very well make and be ship in very good time . so far , I think they be a really good purchase and I be very happy with they .
Dumbbell	POS	5	we need a stand for we Bowflex weight and this be perfect . we be worry about the assembly due to previous comment but it be amazingly simple if you follow the direction . this be not say that it be a quick assembly . it look good , do the job of hold the weight , and can be move easily . it be a very sturdy piece of equipment .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a excellent dumbbell rack . it be sturdy and look nice and hold plenty of weight for home use . my only complaint be the poor packaging which seem to be a common complaint . all it need be a couple small piece of cardboard wrap around the end of the bundle of rail , but without this small piece of protection the stand be fairly scratch up . even the customer service sticker be mar beyond recognition . I be not bent out of shape over this because I 'll give it my fair share of ding and scratch from continual rack of my dumbbell . it just would have be nice to start out with a new product which actually look new . I do end up short one carriage bolt , so I send a email . after over a week with no response I call the number and the customer service rep be very helpful . in just moment I be off the phone with a new bolt on its way . the shipping be quick and my rack be now complete . I would certainly recommend this rack to anyone , but I would set expectation concern the packaging .
Dumbbell	POS	4	rack be easy to asemble , and be quite sturdy . Easy to grab and replace weight just what I be look for , and the price \/ value relationship make this weight rack a real bargain .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after read several review for various dumbbell rack , I finally settle on this product . it be well build for a home gym , easy to put together , and look professional . Hex type weight be the best fit . once you move to smaller `` plastic or vinyl cover '' weight , they do not fit as well . overall , I be very pleased and feel the rack be well worth the money !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I really like the SportsBlock dumbbell . they be easy to switch from 3 - 24 lb . I really like that they take up so little storage room . I have be use they with the Jorge Cruze 12 second workout dvd and they work great .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	one end pop out the spring , make it lop-sided and unable to be use . that only happen after use it maybe a total of 3 time . it be a shame too because it be start to work under my arm -- I could feel it . guess i 'll have to return it now , dang it . not worth the hassle . I should have just get it from the drugstore here , Rite Aid , for the same price . return it to they would be less of a hassle than do it through the mail .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I would highly recommend Powerblocks to anyone who be look for a compact , convenient , and sturdy adjustable dumbbell set . they be less expensive than bowflex product , and they have less fine part that could be damage . my only concern with the Powerblocks be the setup of have you hand inside the weight chamber . however , that concern have be completely assuage . they be comfortable and easily use with a range of exercise .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I can definitely feel a difference in the tightness of my arm muscle , particularly the biceps . two people have also mention that my arm be look great ! if you do buy this product , be sure and read direction and follow they , or view the video first . if you do not feel the burn , you be not do it correctly !
Dumbbell	POS	5	we love the Bowflex dumbbell and the stand be a real necessity to avoid a lot of bend and stoop . great product . bought ours through the Amazon marketplace for about half price . no regret .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very happy that I purchase this dumbbell rack . I hesitate due to a few of the negative review , but my order arrive very quickly , all nut and bolt be package very well , and I be able to assemble the rack in about 5-10 minute with only a 5\/8 socket wrench . very sturdy , good look , excellent product . I definitely recommend this product to anyone look for a sturdy , affordable dumbbell rack .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order several dumbbell from Cap Barbell , they arrive on time and in the condition I expect . no complaint at all !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	order this product around the 20th of January . receive it on the 27th of January . upon open the box there be loose hardware as other have state . I begin try to put the rack together , seem pretty straight forward , however what I soon realize be that the left support beam do not even have any hole drill into the middle bracket . it floor I that this be not identify before packing . I mean , it be not something small , like a miss washer , or even a miss bolt , it literally do not have any hole drill into the bracket . I be at a standstill . after contact Impex I be initially tell a replacement leave support beam would be ship out within a couple of week . a couple of week pass by , no replacement beam , so contact they again , and be then tell that the part be on back-order -lrb- probably because of the miss screw hole -rrb- and it would be the second week in March . I contact they today and be tell that it will still be another three week , that the part should arrive by the 30th of March , which will be over two month later than when I order it . from what I can tell of what be actually there , it look like it might be a pretty solid rack , but buyer beware , since this be come from China there be apparently no to very little qc , and they customer service be very aloof .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these weight come in exactly as i have expect , and with no odd smell to they which you often hear from these type of weight . the stand however be not top quality , just plastic and fall over easily when take out the weight . but if you be not buy this for the stand it be perfect ! the stand be still convenient storage and display though .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this product and it be cheap enough . I would say I do wish I would have purchase a larger one because I have purchase more dumbbell that will not fit on the rack and it be like only a extra 50 lb set so they end up on the floor , no biggie the produck it great .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	it break in half when I set it down . I have rubber flooring and do not drop the weight from a great height . I have be lift weight for 20 year . I purchase on Dec 30 , 2010 and use it about 2x a week . this be kind of scary . about to contact Amazon and possibly manufacturer to see what they say about it . will post a update .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the original set be very difficult to use , the weight stick together and I have to pry they apart . I discover that one of the weight be completely bent which be why that one be SOOOO hard to use . I call Sport Block and they send I new weight and pay to have the old one return to they . they make the return hassle-free which I really appreciate and the new weight work perfectly , the weight do not stick together at all . I do wish I have not have to go through the hassle of have they be so frustrating to use -lrb- before I have they replace . -rrb- I be very surprised there be not a better quality control system in place with the company , but at least they make it right and I be very happy with the weight now .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I recently order the PowerBlock Classic Adjustable Dumbbell set from Amazon . I have be look for a set of adjustable dumbbell and do quite a bit of research on the various product out there . the Bowflex SelectTech and PowerBlock adjustable dumbbell set seem to be the most discuss product , by far -lrb- there be set make by other manufacturer that I do not consider -rrb- . aesthetically , the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell look more like `` normal '' dumbbell to I than the PowerBlock Adjustable Dumbbell set , which look clunky in picture due to they boxy form factor . initially , I figure I would purchase the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell . fortunately , there be a Sports Authority near my house that carry the SelectTech dumbbell and I be able to test they out in person . even though the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell look really nice , they form factor be actually quite wide , which I think might limit some people 's range of motion when perform certain dumbbell exercise . they also feel really cheap to I . the `` unique injection-molded plastic '' coating on the dumbbell do not feel durable and the dial feel flimsy . who know ? I be sure there will be those who swear by they . I have never own they ; I only test they out for 15 minute in the store . after my experience test the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell , I go back to the draw board and start do research on the PowerBlocks . in general , the review that I find on Powerblocks be very positive , although they boxy form factor still look really odd to I . the price tag on the classic powerblock dumbbell set be a bit less than Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell , which be a immediate plus , but I do not have the luxury of test they in the store . that say , I be able to find several helpful powerblock review on YouTube that give I enough information about they to feel comfortable buy they without test they . so I order the classic powerblock set , which go from 5 to 45 pound , enough weight for what I do . Amazon ship this product out to I in a timely manner and so far I have no regret . out of the box , these dumbbell be ready for use -lrb- no assembly require -rrb- . there be a one-page instruction manual that come with they -lrb- explain how to use the magnetic selector pin -rrb- . all in all , these dumbbell feel really solid . although they look really boxy , they actually feel very natural unlike the SelectTech dumbbell , which be so wide . unlike the SelectTech dumbbell , which require you to turn four dial to set the desire weight -lrb- two dial on each dumbbell -rrb- , the PowerBlocks only require you to slide in a magnetic selector pin to set the weight on each dumbbell , which make it faster to change the weight as a pair -lrb- two `` click '' as oppose to four `` turn '' -rrb- . I should say one thing about the magnetic selector pin on the PowerBlock ... it take I a little while to get use to it . when it be set properly you will actually hear the magnetic selector pin `` click '' into place . the pin actually work great ; it just take I a few time to get the feel . that say , if the selector pin ever break , you can purchase a replacement pin for $ 10 dollar through PowerBlock . who know what would happen if you break the dial on the Bowflex SelectTech ... although you do not need to buy a stand for the PowerBlocks -lrb- I buy the tray -rrb- , you should at least use a flat surface to change the weight -lrb- hardwood\/tile\/concrete floor would probably be fine -rrb- . I find it be hard to change the weight on carpet . the tray , however , help and be a relatively cheap docking solution . overall , I be extremely satisfy with the PowerBlocks . they seem very solid , and I believe that they be a great investment overall .
Dumbbell	POS	5	want dumbbell for home use , but not a separate pair for every 5-pound increment -lrb- would require more space , have to build a rack for they , out of place in multi-purpose room , etc. -rrb- . the PowerBlocks give I 5 to 45 lb . per dumbbell , change easily in seconds , have even weight distribution with padding around wrist , stay securely attach , and be easily store when not in use . no complaint .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be do p90x for almost two year now ... -lrb- more for maintenance now -rrb- ... and thus I have a bunch of dumbbell of the free plate screw on variety -lrb- so I can adjust the weight on my set and also have many different weight ready to go for workout -rrb- . most rack seem to reference molded dumbbell more than the kind I have so I be a little nervous as to whether this would really work for mine -lrb- not see any review discuss my style of dumbbell explicitly -rrb- . the product description say this rack will work for all type but still I be not 100 % confident thing would work and fear find the weight would just miss the spacing this rack give for they . well ... it do work ... perfectly . it be so much better than have the weight on the floor or on the couch as I have be do in recent year . I should have buy this rack a few year ago ! it be a breeze to set up , basically 5 minute plus the time it take to screw in 12 bolt -lrb- which do take a little longer than you would think it would , but be certainly a reasonable amount of time -rrb- . the assembly could be do with no instruction because it be as straightforward as it get . the shipping box get a good beating from UPS during delivery -lrb- include some hole in the box and some patchwork taping ... it look like it go through a war zone ... but the product itself be in great shape with no ding or scratch -rrb- . as someone else point out the bolt and nut seem to now be shrinkwrap to a piece of cardboard so that the piece stay together and there would be little risk of this hardware be lose even with careless shipping -lrb- as UPS seem to provide in my case -rrb- . the rack itself be very sturdy and rugged and look quite sharp ... I do not know why anyone would want to pay for one of the other rack that cost $ 100 or so more as they could not possibly be better . this be everything you need in a dumbbell rack .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	let I first begin by say that I have never buy anything from a infomercial and this be my first . so far I must say , it be be a ok experience . the shake weight work and you definitely feel the burn when you use it . the only downside be the sound it make when use it and with the position use , you sometimes end up twist it the wrong way to a side to side motion instead of a up to down motion . first time I do it my muscle ache and I want to cry on the last rep but it be worth it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent product if you want to feel you muscle burn in you arm and upper body in a very short time . you have to learn to not grip the Shakeweight tightly . just let it rest on you palm and shake . there be not that many position for hold it . but then how many different way can you hold and move a dumbbellt ? so start shake and count to 30 . if you can get to 30 in each position , you be do pretty well . if you can count longer , you have get really strong arm . when you hold the Shakeweight in front of you parallel to you body with both hand , you actually work you entire body include you leg since you be shake you entire body . enjoy it ! the Shakeweight be definitely a excellent product and worth the price . and you can feel the heat in you arm for quite some time after you complete you set . it pump you up .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be look to get adjustable dumbbell , these be the one to buy . they be solid and will last a long , long time . I would buy these over the bowflex or any other adjustable dumbbell . I have the set that go up to 90lb . and they be great and only take up a little space . I would recommend go to a place that sell these and take a look before you buy . I be look to have a store close by that sell these and I be skeptical at first but when I play around with these dumbbell , I find out just how `` solid '' these thing be . you can get a total body workout with just these and a good weight bench . some thing you just need to try out before you purchase and I try these out and be very impressed . great design and great product . it be funny because after I go to the fitness store to look at these , I go to the local bookstore and be skim through the latest Sports Illustrated magazine and there be a article about Lance Armstrong 's comeback and several photo of he work out . one of the photo show Lance use these PowerBlock dumbbell . after that I be sell ! it must of be a sign . ha ! well good luck and I think you will really like these and may be the last dumbbell you ever buy . good luck !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I agree with the other review ... this work great ! my upper arm have become more and more flabby over the year , and within just a few week , I see a shocking improvement . I also do the 6 minute workout daily -lrb- because of the positive result , I be very motivate to keep do it -rrb- , and mostly while watch tv , since it be a easy routine to remember . I also take it on vacation with I , since it do not take up that much room . I have see the absurd comment about it be suggestive , but honestly , do not most excercise look silly when you be do they ? this work great , and I be convince to buy it because the main site offer to not only return the purchase and shipping price , but pay for return shipping if you want to return it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I start the p90x workout a few week ago and begin use the rubber resistance band . however , when I switch to this set of weight the workout become much more challenging . I highly recommend these over the band if possible . change weight be a snap so you can easily keep up with the video . the product feel solid and high quality . yes , there be a price premium for the Powerblocks but they be much quicker than change plate weight and they take up much less room than a set of dumbbell . highly recommend . no offense to Amazon , but due to ship cost , try to buy they locally if you can . I pay $ 269 + tax for the Sport 5.0 set which cover 5-50 pound in 5 pound increment . unless you be a bodybuilder , this weight will cover all the exercise in p90x . and the Sport series can be upgrade to 65 pound if you really must have it .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the Powerblock Classic be a spectacular product . I purchase it as a upgrade from the elastic band for p90x . the incredible range in weight make they perfect for any exercise or fitness level . plus , they have a small footprint , make they a must have for perfect home gym . my only note be that , lay flat on the floor\/mat\/carpet , the weight might shift and sometimes you have to work a bit harder to change weight . this be why the optional stand be tilted at a angle , to ensure the nested weight be in the correct position . instead of buy that , I angle they on a pair of old 15lb hexagon weight , and that provide a workaround for I .
Dumbbell	POS	5	get it on Amazon since it be on sale for $ 17 and I figure it be worth take a shot . I have to say that I be surprised what kind of workout this inconspicuous thing can be . I do have to admit that I have not use it all that much just yet , but I pick it up in between do thing for a few repetition and I can feel how it definitely work you arm , back , thigh and even you back side , depend on the position you be use . now , if you want to step it up you can increase the intensity by speed up the movement and it will probably take a while to outgrow these exercise . it be suppose to tone you body , not get you to the body building championship , and for that it definitely work ! I do have some neck pain and in heed people 's warning I have not attempt the ` over head ' exercise , so I do not know if they would actually cause problem or not .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the hardware package have come apart during shipping process and nut , bolt & washer be scatter everywhere . I be miss a few piece , -lrb- shipping box have hole -rrb- so I could not add the third tier . I assemble with only two tier and it be already very sturdy as be . regard the miss hardware , I call customer service and minute later I have a order prepare for the miss piece . painless customer service ... with a real person ! I will not be put on dumbbell on until I have finish assemble , but I think the process so far warrant a 5-star review .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be look for a sturdy , easy to assemble , rack that will hold 6-8 pair of dummbell , this be a good one to buy . I have a small home gym and need just this size rack . in 30 minute I have this rack put together and it be very solid . for the price you can not beat it . I be a personal trainer and I have see a lot of equipment . this be a great buy , especially compare to some of the flimsy rack that be market for home use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	do what it say it do . I have have my power block for over 3 year and they be as good as new . Great , easy to use , well-made product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I like these simple , comfortable barbell . they be solid and well build . they feel good in you hand . I like the blue color . I will probably buy the 9 pound one when I be ready to move up a bit .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be so excited to buy the Shake Weight after see all those commercial , but now I see why I dont know anybody who own this piecce of junk . I think that it be a battery operate system that move automatically but its not . it suck and be make of plastic . three word people DENISE AUSITN WORKOUT , she have several workout dvd and you can go to target or walmart or where ever and get some 5.00 weight . the only good experience be that I be receive my refund very quick . but I be smart enough to buy that Denise Austin cardio workout dvd in the same order as this shakeweight and im very pleased with it . people , once again dont waste you money on this trash .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I recently start a work out routine which require I to work with a different level of weight through different segment of the work out . I want to save room -lrb- and money -rrb- so I purchase this set . I be so excited about it because it appear to be exactly what I need . however , my excitement turn to disappointment as soon as I put these weight to work . First of all , it be not as easy to change out as I hope it would be . I be behind in my class because I have to fiddle with the grasp while make the adjustment . it be not slide in and out as easily as it should have . second , the grasp actually start to pull itself out as I be do bicep curl ... bicep curl for cry out loud ! Third , the product be shaky and flimsy . as I be lift and work , the weight do not feel secure and would click and clack against each other . when the time come to do some overhead triceps extension , I put the weight down and use another weight instead . I do not feel safe put this thing over my head . heck , I do not really feel safe have it anywhere near my body . I purchase this item because it be affordable compare to other adjustable weight I have see on the market and because it have get such good feedback here . I scrimp and save to buy these bad boy and they turn out to be bad toy . I return the product and stick with regular dumb bell . maybe I just get a bad , defect set , but either way , it be a bad and disappointing experience .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	my logic behind this purpose be to have something convenient and fun to keep near the tv so I could tone up a bit while watch tv . I use it a few time but , for the most part , it be a pretty lonely piece of equipment . I like the concept . you be use multiple set of muscle to make the weight shake . if you be shake and do a curl , that intensify the move and will give you better result . I have read review where other complain ghat you have to make the weight shake yourself . personally I never think this be motorize or vibrate and the concept would be useless . you have to put in some effort with exercise . I have also read review about injury . I recommend new buyer watch the dvd that come with it . more than half the exercise in the routine be standard dumbbell movement that DO no require the weight to be shake . the rest you need to keep good form so that you do not go crazy and shake in the wrong position and get a injury . I do not always watch dvd that come with my purchase . I rarely do . in this case , it be necessary to see it once . would I buy this again ? probably because I be curious and do like the concept . would I replace this if it break ? no. . I already multi task enough when I watch tv . it would be easier for I to bring the stability ball and watch do ab exercy or just a plain set of dumbbell . for a novelty piece , it do make a interesting conversation piece .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	for a combination of fairly quick plate change , fairly heavy weight capability , fairly short length , & ok solid feel , these will do : although `` Selectec '' , `` Bowflex '' & `` nautilus '' change weight faster & more safely , they be too long , even when set at very low weight , & be not available as heavy db . although `` Ironmaster '' change plate a bit more slowly , they be much more solid , have a design much more functional for a wider variety of exercise , & can be special-order to be as heavy as you want they .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these weight be ship quickly and arrive in good order -lrb- hard to damage solid iron -rrb- . Weight seem to be correct . size of weight be clearly mark . the handle be the wide , straight version . this type of handle can cause some issue for people brand new to they but that will go away with time and use . the grip seem to be well etched and work like it suppose to . although , I would not expect the use of these weight with some type of oily\/coated hand that may leave a reside . if you have never use these type of weight before then you should probably use a thin set of weight glove so as to get some toughening of the hand at first . if you might be concern about the length of the bar you do not need to be . all you should do be to center you hand and have enough of a grip to hold it there . if you do not then I suggest you work you forearm harder -lrb- roll down the finger and back up while forearm be support only to the wrist thus , leave the hand free to bend downward . this can be do both with the back of the hand point toward the floor and , though much harder , with the palm down . work until failure -lrb- past the burning -rrb- for 4 or 5 set utilize only 60 - 90 seconds rest period between set . anyway ... -rrb- Hope this help some . just remember , these be not `` show-off '' weight , they be work weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these dumbbell holder work well with the corresponding dumbbell . it look great and hold up well to the weight . safe and effective . a bit expensive for a stand , but effective .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	after 2 month use the Shake Weight 3-4X \/ week I develop shoulder pain , first in one shoulder , then in the other . I discontinue use the product when the pain would not go away and then it start in the second shoulder as well . I be get physical therapy and see a orthopedic shoulder specialist in 1 week . I would not recommend the Shake Weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after read some of the review , I be concern that put this together would be a pain , but I enter cautiously , make sure to keep the 2.5 inch bolt separate from the 2.75 inch bolt and the 3 inch bolt , then just follow the direction make sure to use the correct piece . construction really take only about 45 minute . I be one who usually do not follow direction during assembly , or at least use they as a last resort , but after read the review , I decide to follow they this time and construction be a breeze . do not let the other review scare you away . now for the stand ... very solid , perfect height . you do not want to have to pick 50 pound off the floor , so these stand be essential to save you back . I be tall -lrb- 6 ' 3 '' -rrb- , and the height be perfect . I have no worry that the stand will last forever . the weight be awesome too ! if you be serious about work out , invest in this and you will not regret it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	`` where the heck be the pulsation ? oh , I see . . I have to create the pulsation '' . unbelivable marketing . very deceptive . if you want to ceate the enrgy this product be suppoese to generate , then fine buy it . you -lrb- I -rrb- have to shake the crap out of it to get the video effect show in this product video . not battery operate . for $ 25 . total crap , change the marketing and reduce price and still I would only rate it a two star . Hope this help .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I learn of the shake weight initially through Youtube video -- Ellen Degeneres and other talk show host have a field day poke fun at the commercial -- which indeed be very humorous and uncomfortable . my husband buy I one initially as a gag gift , but when I try it I actually `` feel the burn '' so to speak . I stick with use it out of sheer curiosity -lrb- it be a humbling exercise , that be for sure -rrb- and now I have only the shake weight to thank for my `` Michelle Obama arm . '' I be certainly consider invest in one for the husband .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I recently have a serious back surgery and I be always look for new thing to keep I motivated exercise as it be very important for I to avoid further back problem . the novelty aspect of Shake Weight Dumbbell attract my attention . this weight be a molded plastic handle with a spring at each end that compress and extend as you shake it back and forth . I like they because they add a bit of variety to my exercise routine . however , they be not provide a harder workout or burn more calorie than the traditional weight . a recent consumer report -lrb- July 2011 -rrb- do electrocardiographic study to judge how effective the Shake Weight system be and find that it be not any better than traditional weight . it do not not mean you should not use these weight , the study just clarify that it be not a magic bullet . any resistance exercise build strength and any movement build calorie , and so do Shake Weight system . if the novelty of Shake weight get you exercise it do its job !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I manage a condo and need a rack to get the free weight of the floor . this do the job ! it be strong , relatively easy to put together and the price be excellent . we fitness room be pretty small and this take up minimal space . the only complaint I have be the rubber foot thing be a pain to get in do not seem to fit very well . luckily there be a few hundred lb on it . I do not think it be go anywhere !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	when i recieve my Shake Weight , it be break . I be not go to bother to return it because after look at it i do not see how it woul ; d work anyway . lol
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really like this stand . I read several review warn about how bad the assembly instruction be . those review be absolutely accurate . however , I take every single piece and part out of the box and line they up on my floor before I start the assembly process . that one little trick make it easy to identify the CORRECT bolt to use and assembly be pretty quick . the stand be really useful for I . I workout to the point of exhaustion , and even have to pick up and set down a full set of weight by the end of my workout risk injury to my back . that be not a problem with this stand . I pay around $ 100 for the stand . if you watch closely , you can occassionally find sale where Selectech will include the stand when you purchase they weight . even if you can not get a package deal , however , I still recommend the stand .
Dumbbell	POS	4	pro- good weight set , save a great deal of space , fairly comfortable to use . con - difficult to adjust if not on stand
Dumbbell	POS	5	very compact so I do not trip over they as I tend to do with other stuff . comfortable grip and cute girly color .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase this stand to use with my SelectTech 1090 dumbbell , and it be a perfect complement to the dumbbell . assembly of the stand be simple and straightforward -lrb- despite other review -rrb- , and can be do relatively quickly -lrb- there be only 9 separate component to it -rrb- . the only tool you 'll need to assemble the stand -lrb- that be not include with it -rrb- be a 9\/16-inch wrench or socket . the stand come with a set of rubber foot to hold it firmly in place , but it also come with a set of castor that you can use instead , if you feel you 'll need to roll it from one spot to another . once it be assemble , it be solid and firm , even with two 90-pound dumbbell sit in they rack on it . it hold the dumbbell at a comfortable height , and be much better than bend all the way down to the floor . it do come with a 30-year warranty , but since there be really no move part or anything to wear out , I expect that it will probably last longer than that .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	it be alright for a while when you get it , but I find it boring after a while to use , I prefer bench press over shake weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have some neck and back issue . I find this weight easy to use . you can shake it at you speed , fast or slow . build muscle back up . the 30 min video have a decent range of motion and will help stretch you out . it do make you sweat and a couple of the movement on the 30 min video be harder to do . it will teach you some balance and coordination as you use it , because you shake and move at the same time . you do not just sit and shake it LOL . to be effective ... it have a 6 min upper body video and a 30 min video that be for total body movement . it combine shake weight move with traditional move . alternate 6 min easy daily video with 30 min -lrb- 3 time a week -rrb- and a walking or other activity routine would be optimal . you should also watch what you eat . shake a weight will not help you reach you goal alone . but I feel this be worth the money . I have see they range btwn 15 and 20 buck . they also have one be various color now . it be a useful and relatively easy tool to have for re-strengthing yourself and get off the couch .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	have be look in place for this product . see it at someone 's house and want it because it be a great way of keep the weight and store of they when not in use . so be very happy to find it and be good quality to boot .
Dumbbell	POS	5	have work out at several gym for the past 2 year or so , these be the most versatile dumbbell I have encounter . now that I be in graduate school , I do not have as much time to drive to the gym , so I make a little home gym and add these to my collection . these weight be AMAZING . at first , I be a bit skeptical of the idea of square dumbbell , but the shape do not interfere with most exercise that you 'll be do . honestly , within 2 day , I be about to set the weight on these dumbbell within seconds . simply slide the pin in and out . I find these far more convenient than have a whole set of traditional dumbbell . I definitely recommend this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	nice stand , very good quality . it take I about 15 min to put it together . some of the review make I smile ... it be only in U.S. manufacturer put together a huge booklet how to put screw into hole and people still have hard time to do it . just use common sense , you will not need instruction at all . : -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	4	very nice quality . love the color . easy to grip . recommend it for anyone who want something bright-colored and cheery to use during they workout !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I purchase this set for use with Chalean Extreme and they work great . good quality product . it be easy and quick to change weight and I have have no problem with they after 5 month of use 3 time per week . couple of thing to note . they do need to be store on a hard service ; place on carpet make it very difficult to change the weight set . only thing I would change would be the grib when hold a single weight overhead with both hand . it be hard to place both hand on or inside the weight and get a comfortable hold . otherwise , for the quality and money spend , this set can not be beat !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this exercise equipment be everything you expect they to be . everyone in my family use they . no complaint . my wife and son , put this together for I before I get home from work . we be very pleased with they .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	do not find the Shake Weight to be helpful . the spring be too stiff and the weight be too light to get any shake motion . it only function with the user arm in a horizontal position in front of the body . I do not find it helpful for any purpose .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I do not buy this from amazon . I have purchase it from bowflex 's web site on a father day special for $ 50.00 . just a warning , these be as heavy as one of the set of barbell i have buy . as I see many people post `` workout , before workout . '' it be nice , but not necessary and it be heavy . just my two cent .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , its a dumbbell rack so overall it be pretty simple . it be easy to put together and be very solid . Make sure to pay attention to the dimension as it be important to ensure it fit where you want it and that it will hold the dumbbell you have . I be use for nine set of dumbbell and there be extra room ... I have set of 2 -lrb- 5-lb , 8-lb , 10-lb , 12-lb , 15-lb , 20-lb , 25-lb , 40-lb , and 50-lb -rrb- . even with those , I be balance a 8 lb workout ball on the top rack and use for 2 additional olumpic dumbbell that I use for odd weight . the olympic dumbbell do not fit easily on this and kind of hang over the edge , but it at least get they of the floor . this be NOT mean as a negative , because this rack be not make for those size dumbbell . I find the extra room useful . I think this be a great purchase , although I do find one on sale at Sports Authority the follow week and if I be able to use a additional coupon there it would have be slightly less expensive . however , this be deliver directly to my door and I do not have to go to the store , and even if I be able to combine the sale and coupon I would have only save approx . $ 5-8 . for the ease of purchase through Amazon , I think it be very worth it . I have now have this for about 3 month and the finish be still hold up . I definitely recommend this product if you have a bunch of dumbbell you want to organize and get off the floor .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I use this product for a little more than half a year before I decide to stop . I truly do feel the burn from the workout , but there be just too many con and I have no significant result even though I use the product for such a long time with workout that last even longer than the 6 minute they recommend . pro : 1 -rrb- the exercise on the dvd be very easy to follow and it include a timer to indicate when to stop . 2 -rrb- you will most likely get sore after the first several day , indicate that you muscle be in fact be work -lrb- not necessarily get result -rrb- . 3 -rrb- the dumbbell have groove on both end to facilitate you handle for the shoulder exercise -lrb- see # 5 in con for handle for triceps and biceps -rrb- . 4 -rrb- no battery ! I think most people assume the shake function be electrical . 5 -rrb- if you buy this directly from the manufacturer , you get a 100 % money-back guarantee , include the shipping and handle cost to send it back . they refund the purchase price of the weight almost immediately . con : 1 -rrb- the dvd be certainly not a $ 15 value . the dvd contain only 3 exercise limit to 3 upper muscle : triceps , biceps , and shoulder all within 6 minute . 2 -rrb- for 6 minute a day , I find the workout to be too easy . I be average-build and I have to work at least 15 minute before I start to get tired . 3 -rrb- the dumbbell itself be very noisy , especially if you be try to get a more intense workout by shake the weight more vigorously . you can even hear the noise when you be watch the exercise on the dvd . additionally , I would often be interrupted several time to keep the noise down from the weight . 4 -rrb- towards the end of you workout , the dumbbell will start to slip out of you hand because the palm of you hand start to sweat . as a result , I have to stop my workout a couple of time to readjust the weight . 5 -rrb- exercise during the triceps and bicep exercise be very awkward . you have to wrap one hand around the middle of the weight during these exercise , but it be difficult to hold on to the middle while you be shake . therefore , the weight be design more for shoulder exercise . 6 -rrb- I be sorry to say this , but I definitely look ridiculous when use this product . you would not believe how many people have laugh at I . therefore , you can only use this product if you be by yourself . 7 -rrb- in term of the money-back guarantee if purchase it from the manufacturer , you have to personally make the initiative to contact they and have they refund you for the shipping . unlike the refund for the product , they have still yet to refund I for shipping and handling .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the PowerBlock dumbbell set be great for someone like I who live in a apartment and have limit space . I get a full range of motion and the pin stay in place very securely so I never worry about have the weight above my head . sometimes the weight get stick when lower they into the unused plate , but if you keep it straight when you lower it there be no problem . I think the carpet allow they to move so I may get the tray or get some kind of hard surface to keep they from tilt . otherwise a great product that perform perfectly ! recommend :  PowerBlock Personal Set Tray
Dumbbell	NEU	3	so , I think this shake on it be own -lrb- well , with the help of battery -rrb- but it do not . I read the review and see other people who say the same thing but I think , maybe they just do not figure out how to turn it on . I be wrong . obviously we be not the only people to think it shake on it be own because the people of Shake Weight have they own website explain how to make it shake ... call ` howtoshakeit.com ' so , if you do not believe I -lrb- or think I just do not know how to turn it on -rrb- go to that website . it seem like the weight and the shake part of it probably do help with you muscle and everything but it also seem like , if you hold a regular weight very loosely -lrb- allow it to slide between you hand -rrb- and shake it like you would the shake weight , that probably work about as well . they suggest you do it for 6 minute a day -lrb- which sound easy -rrb- but for beginner , that be nearly impossible , as the weight really do work you muscle . if you buy the weight new , it come with a short video with a 6 minute workout and if you watch it , you see that the lady who do the video do not even seem like she can do the whole 6 minute straight , as the lesson do not seem to be one continuous shot but clip paste together to make a complete 6 minute video -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- . if you have get the money to spend for a ` special ' dumbbell , then go ahead and buy this . but if you be think it be go to be some kind of miracle worker , I do not think it be . I highly recommend you try shake a regular dumbbell first and see if that help you muscle because , like I say , that be basically what this do . I be a little disappointed .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you buy this set of dumbbell , one set be all you need . Works well with the table .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I get this for my husband birthday . he have be look for a dumbbell rack for a couple month , in store , and have not be able to find a quality product . I buy this and it arrive early . he put it together quickly and easily and he love it . it be sturdy and be much better than any other product we see in the store .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I get my set of Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell on sale before and think to get this stand when it be on sale . I do not realize it be such a back saver until I get the stand . very solid build and do not have any problem except the hold area do not fit the dumbbell set base perfectly . maybe it be just my set but since there be a tie down to the dumbbell set I be really worry about it . Free shipping on amazon be great !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand be easy to put together , and work exactly as you would want it to for the Bowflex weight . it be very sturdy and well make . I highly reccomend this stand if you have these weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be great for any home gym . they be very easy to use . do not be put off by the blocky look ; they be comfortable to the hand and no more cumbersome than any dumbbell . they be compact and store easily and take up much less space and budget than a conventional dumbbell set . for a beginner , they can be a big part of you home gym - you do not need thousand of dollar of specialized equipment to get start . I highly recommend get the storage stand or tray - make they easy to handle and store .
Dumbbell	POS	5	consistent with other hex head dumbell . good grip . arrive in good shape , so to speak , and in a timely manner . I plan to return for the next higher weight in a few month .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I work at a desk and do not get much outdoor exercise . I be also a germaphobe which make do anything like push up mentally challenging . so I have be look for a alternative to keep my upper body in shape . when I first see this on tv , the concept they explain make perfect sense to I , with my limited knowledge in science and the human body so I go and pick one up . the result have be exactly as expect . it be not a body builder work out , but for keep the average Joe in shape , it work just fine , as long as you understand that it be mean ONLY for the upper body . it be ideal to use this in addition to a lower body work out like jogging and stretch . a word of warning , if you be very out of shape , this thing will break you in under 6 minute . if you already engage in sport or manual labor , then this should not be much challenge . if you have a desk job and be not involve in any athletic activity , then do not expect to be able to do the full 6 minute work out at first . you 'll eventually get it though . as other have state , it will not make you a body builder , but it will get you in to shape if you actually follow the routine .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product appear to be well make . it be not flimsy and all the part work well together . but that be it for the good news . the handle be make of hard , slippery plastic that make it difficult to hang on to after even the slightest sweat . in addition , the handle be oddly shape , make it very uncomfortable to hold on to with one or two hand . I be not sure what they have in mind when they design the handle . as far as the benefit of use , I can not comment as the machine be just too uncomfortable to use long enough to give a review on this point .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the weight be wonderful with a grippy coating for sweaty hand . the stand arrive broken and be a bit flimsy . I prefer to keep the weight on the floor anyways .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I order the shake weight after much debate on how well it would work . it do give you a bit of a work out and you muscle will feel the burn after a while . my problem with it be that it do not shake very easily . it be as if there be something that keep it from slide back and forth internally very well . it make it much more difficult to use than what you see on tv . it make a whooshing noise as you shake it which be a little annoying . the biggest problem be get it in the righ position for it to actually `` shake '' since it will not move back and forth easily like it appear to on tv , it take a lot more effort to get it to shake . I be disapoint with how easy they make it look vs how difficult it actually be to make it shake . thus far I be unimpressed and would prefer to just use stationary weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a hexhead dumbbell : hefty and solid and great for do exercise . it be simple , it be make of metal . it will not break unless you be try to destroy it . 30 pound be a lot for a beginner , but if you can do 20 or 25-lb bicep curl or tricep kickback with ease , it be time to move up .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the stand from another site - as a factory refurbish item . I be able to save about $ 40 that way , but alas , the stand come with no instruction . I be unable to get a response on obtain the instruction from Bowflex -lrb- in they defense , I grow impatient wait and I do not buy it from they -rrb- . I print a photo of the stand and have often use the zoom feature here on Amazon 's photo to figure out the assembly . it be pretty straight forward - but you do have to be careful which screw you put where . there be several that look the same , but be slightly different in length . in fact , the only problem I have with assembly - I have never use lock nut before and could not figure out how you get those dumb thing on ! but that be a malfunction on my part - not the stand ! I will say , aside from not know how to use a lock nut , I be relatively mechanically orient and find assembly of item very easy . I also enjoy assemble thing and find the assembly without instruction to be a nice brain exercise ! the stand itself be sturdy . it defintely help reduce strain on you lower back - worth the cost if you ask I . I also like the wheel on the bottom so I can move it out of the way from my child . I like the option standard foot though - I can see a time when I would like it to not be move around . but for now , we have to use the wheel . I also like the strap on the stand . I believe they be to keep the plate of the dumbbell in place so that they do not lift when you be lift heavier weight . BUT I have discover they be so simple to remove and re-attach , that I take they up over the dumbbell when not use the weight . this prevent little child from attempt to lift the weight . as I do not have the instruction , not sure if this be intend or recommend , but it work for we . I do not personally use the weight - they be for my husband -lrb- who be out of town for a while - thus why I assemble the stand -rrb- . so I can not comment on the stand during use .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	packaging be fall apart when the item be receive . the long bar be clearly use prior as the sticker be wear off and it do not stay together properly . weight and dumbbell bar be in good condition and the clip to hold the weight work well .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have research all the adjustable dumbbell out there and have find powerblock to be the smallest , sturdiest most dependable . I be worry about the BLOCK design but after use they for every exercise I can think of , they work flawlessly -lrb- even tricep extension -rrb- . I didnt ' buy the stand with they , I use a older chair to place they on during workout . they take up little to no room at all and be much cheaper than buy a complete set of dumbbell . I highly recommend they !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	Amazon be superb in deliver quality product such as this on from Bowflex . I order this for my husband and he love it !! recommend it to all who use exercise equipment .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be very pleased with this product . the delivery be lighten speed and the price be excellent . it do not hold my smaller weight but they be not the hexagon style so if you be purchase weight , buy that style . very pleased and it look great . susfrat
Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent product . I be very happy with the result in such a sort time . you can really see the muscle develop in my arm . I use the dumbbell everyday and would recommend it highly . it also travel well .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be a awesome pair of weight they be not awkward at all unless you have King Kong wrist . I would recommend anyone a pair of these for they home gym in a heartbeat , well worth the price .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be skeptical about this purchase , but this product give I as much as I can handle when exercise my arm , and shoulder . you can increase the work out intensity easily by simply increase the frequency or by shake harder .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	we buy a pair of the 8 lb weight . in we workout room , we set the weight on a ledge that be paint . we have two other set of neoprene weight that we buy from target a couple year back and have no problem do this . these weight stick to the paint and pull it right off the ledge . so we put a mat under they . next ... they stick to the wall when they get too close . luckily we have more paint to touch everything up .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the Shake Weight a week ago and already I be notice result ! I have more definition in my biceps . the 6 minute work out be really quick but I feel like I be get a way better arm workout than I would at the gym . I will continue to use this product !
Dumbbell	POS	5	we love the new exercise shaker and would higher recommend this product to anyone interested in do easy exercise workout . well worth the money for this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very solid rack , easy to assemble . I have over 800 lb . of dumbell on it and it be solid as a rock . with 3 tier it do not take up much floor space , and the slante design make it easy to get dumbell off of all level . the only complaint be that the bolt , nut and washer be bust out of they blister pack and be loose in the box . have a hard time find the last nut , it be tangle up in some bubble wrap for the larger piece . they need to put it in a plastic sealed bag or something . this seem to be a common complaint . however , for the price I pay -lrb- $ 80.99 , no sale tax and free shipping from Wayfair through Amazon -rrb- , and the quality of the rack , if I need to buy a few nut or blot it be still well worth it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	poorly make in china with cheap plastic . Broke 5 minute into the first use . very disappoint . I like the idea of the shake bell . Wish to find another brand for this .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be look for a value-priced rack for my expensive Hampton rubber-coated dumbbell . this fit the bill exactly . it be quite heavy and sturdy and go together quickly . the smallest dumbell seem to rest on the handle instead of the weight but I cut rubber mat strip to line the shelf on the rack and they now clear the rail nicely . this rack look great in my workout room and now my weight be finally off the floor ! I would recommend this rack .
Dumbbell	POS	4	for the price , which be a great deal less than any other same capacity rack , the apex dumbell rack be hard to beat . the tier be recess which allow for easier access , yet the rack be build so that it do not take up any more space than a rack with vertical tier . the rack seem to hold up well , and it will easily hold up to 7 pair of dumbell , recommend .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase this think it be a set of 2 & its only one i be so piss off . who sell 1 dumbbell . waist of time & money !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a superb product . first - unfortunately Amazon do not have the best deal . you can get it at target or Walmart for $ 20 . that be say , this be easy to do at work - I be able to pick it up and use it while I be read or do other thing that would not require my hand . like the commercial say the difference for this weight be that it be use small muscle unlike weight lifting that bulk up you arm . if you have trouble with neck or shoulder you may want to use caution with some of the exercise just like you would if you go to the gym . do a exercise you have not do before should be do with caution and if not do properly could result in a injury . this would be unlikely with the shaker weight but in my opinion anything 's possible . also note-this do not shake on it be own - that be the point of this product that you use you muscle to make it shake . there be review on here that give poor rating because they think it be motorized or something - well , I would say if you do not want to work out and actually use you muscle then you can save yourself $ 20 and do not buy this product : -rrb- it be a great invention and the science behind it make sense . I have see result and I recommend it to all my friend and coworker .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Power Blocks be great if you do not have a lot of space to keep a full set of dumbell . change weight be very easy and you can go change weight in 5 pound increment . in addition to the 45 pound set , you can get a upgrade to increase the weight of each to 60 pound -lrb- for around $ 150 -rrb- .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order this not expect too much , but I love it . the accompany video be great for motivation . my shoulder be so much better now .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this weight be more for tone muscle then build it . yet it be still quite a work out have to provide the shake of the weight , between this and lift heavier weight should help define you arm , chest , back , shoulder and neck . well construct , and something different to add to a routine since it can be use seat , stand with one arm or two in a variety of different position .
Dumbbell	POS	5	exactly as describe ... Product arrive within 48 hour and packaging etc be in great condition . great value too . 5 star rating !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy the stand with my selecttech 552 dumbbell and be glad I do . it keep the dumbbell off the floor , be much neater and keep I from trip over they if they be on the floor . it be also much easier than have to lift from the floor . the construction be rock solid and of very good design . if you have the SelectTech dumbbell , I would highly recommend the stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent product - i love to workout and now have some additional piece of workout gear . excellent quality and identical to those use by most gym i have be to .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this product be not all its crack up to be . I do not feel it give you the vigorous workout that it claim . I prefer free weight much better .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the Shake Weight when I be advise by my md to cut back on my traditional weight training program after sustain a couple of injury . accordingly , I have use the Shake Weight to either supplement a modify weight training routine or as the sole routine during interval when I be advise not to exercise use traditional weight training method . at the very least the Shake Weight have allow I to maintain my present physical condition . in addition , it certainly provide a feeling of satisfaction . while it do not produce the `` burn '' of traditional weight , it most definitely impart a feeling that be quite analogous to the sensation supply by traditional method . furthermore , when use with vigor , it certainly give the impression that one have sustain a workout session that be actually much longer in length . accordingly , I have be quite pleased with this purchase , and so much so that I actually purchase a second sample so as to have it available at more than one location without have to transport it ... not that its 5 pound would be a hardship to carry ... in fact it seem incredible that its mere 5 pound be capable of deliver such a notable effect ! two final note : the model provide by Amazon be a attractive gray with silver and black accent as oppose to some of the hideous color I have see in model for sale in retail outlet . in addition , the dvd provide be quite useful in explain how to achieve result on both a novice and advance level . however , for optimal result I would suggest progress to the more advanced level as soon as possible .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be one of the people who heavily rely on review but I never write they , I do not know why but I have never write review in the past . after use these dumbbell I have to make a exception . these dumbbell be great especially in a small space , I live in a apartment and I do not have room for a whole rack of weight so I find these on amazon . I recieve they in about a week and I instantly start use they with p90x . you can switch the weight quickly which be a huge benefit when you be do any type of workout that be on a dvd or tape . they look a little awkward and they build be obviously different than a standard dumbbell but I have not have any problem with the different move on p90x . if I have to pick something I do not like , I would have to say that I do not like how much noise they make . let I explain that , the dumbbell be very solid but when you be do something like shoulder press , for example , I get a little nervous put these thing over my head because the plate `` clang '' together . it be something you get use to though , oh and one more thing when you put the pen inside the powerblock to choose a weight make sure the next plate in line do not stick to the weight you select . I pick 35 lb for one workout and the 40 lb . plate be stick to the bottom and I do not know it until the plate hit the floor , luckily I still have all my toe . well again these weight be great and I highly , highly , highly recommend these weight for someone that have a small space to put they and for someone that be do p90x .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I try out and review almost any new fitness equipment I can get my hand on ... it be my `` thing '' . and while we all love fun thing that change we body -lrb- the perfect combo -rrb- , I personally do not feel this be one of they . and neither do the independent professional study try they out . in study compare these to a few rep with good weight , these always lose in comparison . they do not do anything more than handweight , but most study show they do far less . the weight be not enough for the change they promise and you be not actually able to utilize as many muscle as you can with regular weight because you can use those to do far more move than can be do with those need to be do with shake . a good cheap pair of handweight and a good upper body dvd in other word will take the novice or the pro in a far more beneficial direction , therefore , than these will . my own opinion ? I agree . for I the limited way these can be use leave the novelty of they wear thin quickly and the gain from they as equally limit . if you have flabby `` batwing '' under you arm which be often the reason most woman turn to try out arm weight , these will not help like regular cheap handweight will . the move need to conquer those can not be do with a shake weight to any degree of efficiency . instead , you need to crisscross two of you handweight while basically clasp you hand together , or use a kettlebell , keep you elbow next to you head\/above you ear and lower you weight behind you head , slowly raise they , keep you elbow in the same place at you head , and lower again for several reps. you need double the weight you would normally lift with one handweight . the shakeweight primarily target the bicep ... again not as well as handweight rep , but it do ... so , it actually be a better product for man unless a woman just need to specifically bulk up there , I guess if she lift heavy box as a UPS driver or something . : - -rrb- that say , no product be bad if it make someone sedentary work out . in fact , it be good . it be not that I be say these will not do anything -- because they will . and as a alternative to do nothing , they would be a five star review . as woman , we begin to seriously lose muscle every year we age ... it be imperative we do something . be these , to I , a fad that can not do nearly the work of a old school handweight ? absolutely ... and there be dvd upon dvd to show you how to use those . for beginner , the biggest loser dvd would be a perfect example . and with those , if you have no muscle , you can start with a 1.5 lb weight in each hand and just increase as you grow muscle . with these , you do not have the option to cheaply expand with test weight increment . with handweight , you can get they anywhere cheaply as well ... but most importantly with those you can work you entire upper body ... include lift you chest muscle -lrb- this work they slightly , but not anywhere close to what you need for and with the move you need for true chest muscle work -rrb- so you do not only grow biceps , you also get a free `` lift '' and prettier shoulder , and no batwing ! but , if it make anyone sedentary work out ... I say go for it ... you can always progress to handweight or a kettlebell later once you be comfortable ! as a side note , this be just a weight you shake . you can use a bottle of water or can of thing to get start . that be a common tool for personal trainer use what people have around the house . but shoot , you can get handweight for 1\/3 of the price of this . why not get 300 % more result with what the pro use because it be work for decade ? and you get two of those for that price !
Dumbbell	POS	4	take I a few minute to learn how to quickly change the weight and use the pin , but after that I be good to go !! I mean these be exactly what you need if you want a convenient set of dumbbell you can use with any workout program . I use these for p90x and have no complaint . you cant obviously use these to do `` every '' exercise because of the shape , but come on ... you have the flexibility to go from 5-45lb ! I just use band for exercise that require more wrist freedom . not a big deal at all !! so far I love these ! I would recommend they to anyone who be serious about get in shape at home or away from the gym !!
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this be okay and you will see some toning but , due to the design , there be limited movement you can do with it . I also have a 6 # exercise ball which be far more useful . I can do shoulder exercise , grip exercise , biceps , triceps , etc. . I keep one near my desk and use it several time during the day .  Danskin DA-2639R 6 lb . Weighted Toning Ball
Dumbbell	POS	5	simple to assemble , study , attractive and inexpensive . hold my full set of dumbbbell , from 5 lb . to 40 lb . -lrb- 8 pair -rrb- with room for one or two more . I shop around and these turn out to be a terrific value .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after the first minute you feel it work , it be a good product to work up you arm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	muchas gracias , compre desde venezuela sin ningun problema , I llego la mercancia a tiempo y en buen estado , como acordadon recibi la mercancia en la direccion acordada , muy agradecido
Dumbbell	POS	5	Laugh all you want . this thing actually work . Watch the silly video and follow the workout . it be not go to turn you into Mr. Sexy on the commercial but it will tone you upper body .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	first , everyone should know that this product be no gimmick , it work . follow with the instructional six minute video , you be guarantee to see result . anyone who do the video properly at the design interval will not question the merit of claim for this product . it be nearly impossible to cheat yourself because muscle be work the entire time to stabilize the equipment . be warn the video remind you of the amusing sexual nature depict in numerous show by now . the personal training and motivation from the instructor provide a few laugh . he constantly remind you to `` keep it away from you face '' , `` go harder '' , `` shake it as hard as you can '' , `` you come for a workout right '' , and `` yeah , keep that core nice and tight '' all say in a strong european accent . the advantage of this device be affordability , durability , and effectiveness . the exercise be destine to provide great result for tone and increase muscle endurance . the drawback of this device have to be in the monotony and repetition . this device can lose its stay power and have limit long term value . it be destine to become a attic filler . for the new user it will definitely be beneficial , but there be nothing addictive about the same exercise for six minute a day with a 5lb slinky\/dumbbell combination . simply state , it be worth the price , but be prepare to find room for it in you next yard sale . for those in need of tone and lose arm fat its a great buy , but the muscle definition be not go to come as a result of session with the Shake Weight pro .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you should always workout with free weight , as they allow you to use the natural free-range of motion , stabilizer muscle , and proper posture . there be absolutely no reason you should work out on machine unless you be a complete beginner or injure . machine be great for safety , but not much else . if you be go to invest in a dumbbell set , get the one that go to 50 pound at the minimum . everything else be just a waste . you will outgrow you old weight as you constantly and consistently work out . if dumbbell set be too expensive for you , then consider join a gym for $ 20 a month or get 3 dumbbell weight -lrb- 10 pound , 25 pound , and 50 pound -rrb- . there be no need to even invest in a dumbbell set until you bodyweight exercise and stability exercise become too easy -lrb- over 100 push-up , 20 pull-up , and 6 minute mile -rrb- . until then , use you body weight ! it be cheaper , faster , and easier . if you do not feel the burn after 10 repetition , you be do the exercise wrong . in all exercise , it be the eccentric portion of the exercise that build muscle . do the exercise in a smooth , controlled fashion with a 3 concentric and 6 eccentric count . squeeze at the peak of the motion to get that extra pump . as in all exercise , make sure to keep you wrist straight and check you posture with these seven vital point : foot hips-width apart and point straight ahead ; knee slightly bent ; pelvis at perfect middle , as if you be sit at a bar stool ; stomach tight , but not flex ; chest straight and align on top of rib ; shoulder parallel to rib ; and neck straight on top of body
Dumbbell	POS	4	first off - get some adjustable dumbbell . they be well worth the investment . these PowerBlock adjustable dumbbell be the only adjustable dumbbell I have use or own , and I love they . they be incredibly easy to use and adjust - it only take a couple seconds per dumbbell . even when my arm be dead tired , I can still guide they back into place easily and change the weight - something that might not work quite so well on other dumbbell . the size of the dumbbell be decent . they be bigger than standard dumbbell , but they have not hinder any of my exercise . I do many different exercise and so far these have not cause any issue for any of they . I think it might become more of a issue with a set that go higher than 45 as the dumbbell would get even longer as more weight be add base on the design . the only problem I have have with these be a very slight one - sometimes the weight below what be select stick . that be , you may set it to 15lb , but the next weight below it may be `` stick '' to it on one side or the other for some reason when you go to lift it out - you just have to wiggle it a bit and\/or hold down the weight that be not suppose to be come up as you lift the dumbbell initially . this do not happen often , and it be such a slight issue that it be hardly worth mention . I believe PowerBlock also recently -lrb- at the time of this review -rrb- come out with some that be very similar to this although slightly curve on the edge . I think those might look a little better cosmetically , as these be just square block . nevertheless , these work perfectly and still do not look too bad either . overall , get some adjustable weight . this be a great set , but if you choose not to get this set , at least get some set -lrb- with good review , of course -rrb- - adjustable dumbbell be just so much easier and more affordable - especially if you do not have a huge exercise room where you can line all the weight up -lrb- if this be the case , and you have lot of money , perhaps just get standard weight to avoid the slight time it take to adjust they -rrb-
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I guess I be the idiot . none of the ad say it be power so why do I assume it be ? it be a dumb bell you shake . and a little awkward to hold on top of that . it weigh a little less than 6 lb . a pair of 3 lb dumbell would be better for a lot less .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I look at several dumbbell rack on Amazon and finally decide to go with the apex 3 tier . very happy with this product . as many item I have receive from Amazon , the box be destroy . not sure what go on at they facility but they be hard on some cardboard ! regardless , all the item need to assemble the rack -lrb- nuts\/bolts -rrb- be in the box and I put it together in about 10 minute . this thing be very well build and extremely sturdy . I have dumbbell pair include 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 , 35 , 40 , and 50 pound on this rack . I would have give this rack a 5 star rating if they have make it about 4 inch wider because I could have stack my 45 and 60 pounder on it as well . regardless , great product . it be like sit you dumbbell on a concrete floor except now I do not have to bend over and pick they up .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be perfect for the at home gym . it hold a good set of weight and be strong . the way each level be set back make be much easier to get the weight off the bottom rack . I be very pleased with this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent engineering , everything you need in a D.B. rack , Easy assembly , excellent price , hold two set of dumbbell from 5 to 50 pound , very sturdy , take up a small space , and mine be even ship for free in les than 24 hour . could you ask for more ? I do not think so . this be a excellent buy . go for it !
Dumbbell	POS	5	it work great . it take a little while to get use to it , but my flabby arm start get tone and that what I want .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Easy and comfortable to hold even without weight lifting glove on . I specifically buy the set for the 5 and 8lb weight , but certainly could not find they cheaper than this set . the octagon head be perfect for exercise that involve use the weight as a base for pushup -lrb- like `` frogger to shoulder press '' -rrb- . have not have any problem with the coating come off or chip after several month of use .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I love the sturdy , compact nature of these dumbbell . what a novel idea . they be easy to change and store nicely . the only problem I have , be when I receive they . I purchase they for my husband as a gift and they be deliver in box label with the contents . unfortunately , my husband be the one to bring they in . I be more than disappoint with Amazon . all in all the product be great ! excite for the result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	be prepare for the most annoying , frustrating , complicated hour + of you life . more complex then the solar system , this stand will arrive in piece . accompany with instruction that not even God herself could understand . the only thing that keep I from reach astronomical anger level be the fact I receive the stand for FREE . I have be in workout\/diet mode since July , and finally decide to invest in some weight . I have remember those tempting bowflex infomercial 's , and decide to YouTube some Bowflex dumbbell video . well , after about 30min of watch , I feel I really want a pair for my living room . I visit the Bowflex website and decide on the 1090 model dumbbell . as I be about to go to checkout I notice at the top of the website a `` one day only '' promotion the site be have . with the purchase of the 1090 model -lrb- only -rrb- you could get the Bowflex SelectTech stand FREE , + FREE SHIPPING and handle within the usa with the promotional code at checkout . needless to say I be very happy . I be plan on get the stand anyway , so get it free be great . and get it all ship to I free be even better . I pull the trigger , my order go through . from the time I place my order , to the time everything arrive be about a week and a half . Bowflex use FedEx so you can track it daily and know exactly when to expect the delivery . Ok , so . . the dumbbell obviously come out ready to use . -lrb- beautiful dumbbell by the way -rrb- . however , the stand come completely disassemble . let I save you a whole lot of frustration . take the time to unwrap every piece and lay it on the floor . even the screw . note : THERE be 4 different size screw . at first glance you eye will tell you there be only 2 size screw . this be because who ever package these screw do not care to make it easy on the buyer by separate the screw . take the time to put the screw in size order . and separate they . screw size from largest to smallest : = = = = = = = = = = 8 screw this size . = = = = = = = = 4 screw this size . = = = = = = 4 screw this size . = = 4 screw this size . Ok for step 1 and 2 on the assembly step you will be use the 8 longest screw -lrb- along with 1 washer for EACH SIDE of the screw -rrb- . I be confuse by this at first , because the longest screw seem to be to BIG for these step -lrb- step 1 and 2 -rrb- . little do I know that you have to really really really turn the screw tight . note : after you assemble step 1 and 2 do not tighten the screw tight yet . just get they on there by tighten the screw as tight as you can with just you finger right now . everything be go to feel very wobbly at this point . . I know , confusing , but you do not fully tighten they all until you complete step 3 . for step 3 you will be use the 4 second-to-last smallest screw . mean there will still be 4 screw leave that be bigger then the one you will be use for this step . once you have assemble step 3 , NOW TIGHTEN EVERY SCREW you have use . this take I at least 40min + . I know , you thinking - but you only use 12 screw so far ! like I say , the screw will all feel to BIG . you be go to have to hand tighten all 12 screw with a allen key and vise grip until each screw it tight and no screw wobble . this be go to hurt you hand after about 20min . I suggest put on some good music and expect to hurt yourself . Ok now that you have tighten those 12 screw . you feel incredible . not so fast ... now you have to beat the next level . and if you hand do not start to hurt yet , they will now . step 4 and 5 you will be use the last 4 long screw you have leave -lrb- leave only the very little screw leave -rrb- . this step be for the dumbbell platform . get they on first . mean put all 4 screw in and then start tighten each one . this take I about 20min . remember each screw must be tight . if you can wobble the screw , or move it in any way , you have not tighten it enough . Ok , now you have get to the last level . this be the King Koopa of the assembly . step 6 you be install the towel bar . say sorry to you knuckle . you finger be also go to get a beating . you will be use the last 4 set of screw for this step . the smallest screw . note : I think I have lose 4 washer . I spend 10min like a terd look on the floor , and under the couch for 4 miss washer . then realize that I have use 2 washer for each screw in this step -lrb- step 6 -rrb- when I only be suppose to use 1 washer for each screw . step 6 be the only step you will be use 1 washer per screw . all other step use 2 washer per screw . after 20min + of tighten the 4 screw in step 6 -lrb- until nothing move -rrb- , I go to the bathroom and run freezing cold water and leave my hand in there for 3-4min . . I be not kid my hand be beat up bad . after take a little brake to get the feeling back in my hand , I finish up step 7 , attach the strap to the platform . which be easy and take about 15sec per strap . and finally , the final step ... use the caster wheel ? or foot peg ? I have hear some people say to go with the foot peg . because they be go to leave it in 1 spot so why put wheel on . however I go with the caster wheel . only because I own the 1090 model , and if I want to move the equipment for any reason I would need to take off the dumbbell , and move all 3 piece by hand . with the caster wheel its easy to just roll they around . like if you need to clean you home and need to move they for a min or something . plus , all 4 wheel lock . either way the stand come with both option , and be easy to install\/uninstall . only take about 4min . -lrb- no pain -rrb- lol so there you have it . assembly complete . let I tell you , my hand be tell I to leave 1 star on this review , and throw the thing into a river . but once you place you bowflex dumbbell on this stand . . WOW . . this be suchhhhhhhhhhhhh a beautiful piece of equipment . . I mean , it even look great in my living room . no need to put it away when I have company . I get complement on the dumbbell and stand all the time . not to mention I get a GREATTT workout every day . sure assemble the stand almost break you hand , but its the closest thing a male will ever feel to give birth . the pain and suffering be well worth it . this stand be just as nice as the dumbbell , they complement each other perfectly . so in the end I be give this stand 5 star only because once its completely assemble -lrb- properly -rrb- you will love this thing . its beautiful ! like I say , I get mine for free , but I would buy this stand in a second . Hope this review help you with you purchase !
Dumbbell	POS	4	after read all of the review of this product , only a few of they match my experience . I receive the first weight rack and realize that one of the screw-hole be miss on the frame , make it impossible to properly assemble the rack . also , the box look quite beat up , and the part bag be open and sloppy ; not a good first impression , although all part be account for . we go through amazon and return it to we -lrb- very local -rrb- UPS store , and receive a new product in 2 day without any hassle , so as with all of my experience with amazon , it be quite pleasant . I have a relatively small apartment and the weight rack be right in the living room corner . I do not notice any overpowering chemical odor , and the rack itself be quite sturdy for my purpose -lrb- 50lb , 25 's , 20 's on bottom rack , 15 's , 10 's on middle , 8 's and 5 's on top -rrb- . it be very easy to assemble -lrb- one possible exception be the rubber foot , they be a bit tough to get on -rrb- and do not look bad either . I have have it for a month now , use it 5 day a week , and do not have any issue with this product . I would call it a good purchase for the money , and amazon make life easy . I give this product 4 star solely because the first one I receive be defective . if it be not defective , I would have easily give this 5 star .
Dumbbell	POS	4	much better and safer than lift off the floor . very stable . must have with the Selectech Dumbells . Hurt my back lifting of the floor . this stand have correct that problem . dumbell should come with this stand !!
Dumbbell	NEG	1	do not buy ! only 1 dumb bell . it be not a pair . I do not care what the quaility be , if it be not a pair it do not serve the purpose . buy 2 make it too expensive .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you first impression be that this be a gimmick . but my Brother get one , and like it , and I read the Amazon review before order . watch the quick video and do the six minute workout . I be a construction worker and do dirt biking on the weekend . I be use to strain but not totally buff . it be hard to come back from work and think about work out sometimes . Thought , at least I could squeeze in a workout , even while watch a movie . the six minute workout be great and I could really feel it the next day . you can pretty much do this workout anywhere and at anytime . anyone can handle six minute of strain . I be totally convince that this will keep you tone if you keep up with the workout . you may even get buff if you do extend workout .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the rack go together without a problem and hold my weight nicely . the width rail be not adjustable so very wide or narrow handle will not work , however , they do appear to be standard width and fit my exist set perfectly . look great and appear to be of high quality especially at this price point . ship be free and fast . highly recommend .
Dumbbell	POS	4	well I be hesitate to buy this item for my husband because it be just gonna end up somewhere in the house , like the other stuff that he buy , but I end-up buy one anyway because he like to own one ... so far he be use it so I guess he like it ... not bad purchase . he actually tell I that he like the fact that he can take it anywhere in the house and he can hide it anywhere . . well he actually have a workout room and he have quite stuff there so I guess not bad item to add on he workout stuff .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , here be the truth as I have no agenda to either endorse or kill this product : I allow myself to get a bit out of shape and as I have finally turn the corner and make marked improvement in my diet and physique , I notice that my upper arm be flabby , and I allow they to become weak . I be skeptical of this product , but I decide to give it a try . when I do the first 6 minute workout , I manage to breeze through it , and I foolishly believe I be in better shape than I think . the next day however prove I wrong , as I find the repetition of the routine actually become harder . I also discover that I do indeed have a weak arm which could not match the other . I feel the burn and fatique after the 6 minute exercise program each time I do it . but then , by week three , I find myself do the 6 minute program 2 or 3 time a day , and though I be still not breeze through it as I do on day 1 , I be manage to complete the entire program . I also be do some add rep on my weak arm and I have manage to balance the two . now , after a month I be not go to say that I be suddenly rip , of course not , but I do notice something . at a moment when I be simply soap my upper arm , I discoverd that they be more `` solid '' and `` tight '' than they be a few short week prior . Let 's face it , you know you own body , so when you discover a change , without even consciously look for one , you become a bit startled . well , I be , and realize that there be some definite toning to my arm . I be also move the shake weight harder than I be thus increase my strength , and try new routine . so , have the product now for about two month , i continue my three 6 minute a day routine and be feel much better do it . I have find that it be a great motivator and one of the few weight regimen that be not boring . after all , if you can not spare at least 6 minute of you day do this program , then what do you want to do ? highly recommend ... ... .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	from what I can tell this stand be a solid piece of equipment . my only problem be I can not put it together . nautilus send you these screw which they apparently expect you to be able to tighten with a hex screw . one a piece of equipment like this that you really want to make sure the screw be tight - it be impossible to get these thing on . I have hurt my hand several time try to tighten these thing . as it be now - the stand wobble back and forth . you would think they would know this be a BIG problem and would use REGULAR bolt or screw !! until I receive some new screw from Bowflex - I can not and would not recommend anyone buy this product . oh yes - like everyone else have say - the instruction manuel be AWFUL !!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack work perfectly for my hex dumbbell from 20-50lbs . the smaller weight do not fit as well but since they be lighter , I be not that concern with pinch a finger between the weight and the rack .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these power block be just what the doctor order . my fiance and I can use the same set of weight and save money , it be awesome . plus they be nice and compact . a little on the pricey side , I think the stand should come free consider they cost close to $ 200 dollar , but consider the amount I spend on a pair of 15 lb . Reebok weight the week before -lrb- close to $ 70 for the pair , needless to say I return they -rrb- these be definitely cost effective if you be on a budget . save up for they . peace .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be not battery operate , and very cumbersome to use . all plastic with cheap plastic chrome color . do not waist you money .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I admit it , my biggest reason for have concern about buy this stand , be the concern of put it together . not that I have trouble in general , put thing together , but because I have a lot of review , not just here , but on a few sport store website as well , that say the instruction be horrible and that this stand be very hard to put together . I be not for sure if they be now put new instruction in with this stand , or if people just do not pay attention when put something together . for anyone concerned about the stand 's assembly , here be what come in the package . 3 different size bolt , 1 size of flathead bolts\/screws , each with the nut attach and 4 stack of washer that work with any of the bolt . that be it . what I do , I open the blister pack of hardware and put each type of bolt together . that take about 1 minute , see that you can lay the 3 type of bolt beside each other and tell the difference in the longer one . once I do this , one step use the biggest bolt , all of they . one step use the medium size bolt , all of they and one step use the smallest bolt , all of they . it be that simple . even better , the instruction and order of assembly start with the biggest bolt , then medium , then smallest . there be no way to screw that up since the smaller bolt be not long enough to fit the step require the bigger one . the one thing I will note be though the allen key be include , be sure to have a pair of small vice-grip or 7\/16 socket\/adjustable wrench , to hold the nut in place while tighten the bolt . the only part I find to be the least bit hard be put the towel stand in . as we start work against gravity and not have enough hand , on this part . I have no idea there be a towel stand , it be the last step , and require hold a curved bar under the dumbbell holder , while insert 4 flat head bolt . still , after a few time of drop the bolt , you will get it right . the stand be not exactly like that one picture . the one picture have more of satin silver color to it , but this one have more of a matte gray color , darker color . not a big deal , as it really work nicely for what it be suppose to do . total time of assembly 45 minute , include remove everything from box . just follow those direction and you will not have a bit of problem . one last note , it do include strap to hold the dumbbell down , so if you buy the dumbbell too , do not worry about cut the shipping restraint , that look just like the strap in the picture I have see with the dumbbell on the stand . great product so far .
Dumbbell	POS	4	Shake Weight be a excelent product for upper body strength . product be of high quality , easy to use , and affordable . the dvd provide a excellent user ' guide .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I purchase these weight to aid in my at home work out . I go with this one because most of my work out have you use anywhere from 3-8lb weight to be effective . the weight come wrap in the box . you will have to put the stand together . to make my mine a little more sturdy -lrb- base on other review -rrb- I use longer screw to ensure that the wobble factor be not so much ! it do come with screw , but they be short and honestly seem plastic ! the stand be small and can be place anywhere you want or need it . . and I love that . the weight themselves be comfortable , easy to hold and due to they shape they do not roll when you place they down . for the price I would have only expect the stand to be of a better material or even the middle piece that hold the stand together-if those be make of metal , it would have be so much better ! but over all-this be nice and I be glad I buy this one .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this be the most you can get for 100 buck , but that be not say much . very cheap material , smell be not good either . if you can afford it , keep save to get something better . do not get this for p90x . it take forever to change weight , and you fall behind the video or you have to keep pause .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great rack . it actually work better for I to have the front rail on each level upside down . it will save my finger ! I have add a picture for reference .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	not a easy assembly - time consuming and frustrating . however , I love the weight and the stand as a package . not low tech - do not drop or you 'll be sorry ! eat you spinach - Popeye ! here come Brutus ! love , olive-oil
Dumbbell	POS	5	these be perfect for a home gym , save space and money over seperate dumbell . way better quality than Weider -lrb- they scare the crap out of I -rrb- or all the Weider knockoff . these might be a little more expensive than those but still way cheaper than seperate and so much more solid -lrb- safe -rrb- feeling , especially when work with they overhead . I buy the classic because I have use they before at a gym and really like they and they be the cheapest as well ... now I wish I would have pony up for the newer-styled one that go higher in weigh . if you be consider PowerBlock weight at all , just buy they !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent deal for the price and I get free shipping with Amazon Prime . I have be do p90x workout and start accumulate dumbbell weight in my garage . this rack be perfect for my weight . Easy to assemble and very sturdy . I highly recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy 2 of they . I do not have any problem . they be cute , and work for I . I like they .
Dumbbell	POS	5	upon a fluke from Amazon I receive two of these . not a problem . I be use 5lb weight and want to increase the weight amount but be not sure if I should get 7lb or 8lb , but I be happy with this purchase . next time I 'll probably opt for 10lb . grip be good , they do not really slide around in you hand even if you hand be sweaty . there be a nice feel to they overall -lrb- they sit well in my hand -rrb- . I 'll probably be back to the CAP area to buy 10lb soon !
Dumbbell	POS	5	sure . this thing do not `` shake '' itself . you have to shake it . of course . that be what it be design for . why would you buy a piece of exercise equipment that do all the work for you ? you would not be exercise then , would you ? while I suppose you could buy a static hand weight and shake it , this have a springy give that actually enhance the exercise effect . the result be a well-designed exercise tool that do not need to be huge or heavy in order to deliver maximum effect . indeed , a few minute shake this thing be exhausting and burn all the right muscle , as it should . you do have to be careful to follow the instruction and use it accordingly . shake it improperly can put unnecessary strain on joint and tendon . so practice before go all out . from what I can tell after use it for two week , it be durable , well-made and easy to handle . I just do not see a down side . add it to you collection of small and efficient exercise machine . I keep it in my tv room and use it whenever I sit down . a few minute of this and I be wear out . well worth the purchase .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I have try out the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell . they seem very cheaply make . the plate be plastic . they be sometimes difficult to place back into the rack ; they have to line they up just right to put they back with the other wieght . this be difficult to do when you just work you arm to complete failure . they be very long even at smaller weight setting so they might hit you thigh when you be try to do arm curl . when do heavy dumbbell bench press most people like to balance the dumbbell on end on you leg so you can `` kick '' they up into place . the Bowflex dumbbell be not shape properly on the end make this awkward . it could also create a safety issue if the dial be bump and accidentally get turn . after search for the perfect dumbbell I decide on the Ironmaster Quick-Lock Dumbbells 5-75lb from ironmaster dot com . another better alternative to the Bowflex be the Powerblocks . but the Ironmaster Quick-Lock dumbbell will give you the look and feel of real dumbell , the stand be include , and a lifetime warranty . I love mine !!! -lrb- the Ironmaster Super Bench be awesome too ! -rrb-
Dumbbell	NEG	1	in all the commercial it look like this have some sort of gyroscopic device inside and once you start it move , then you resist the movement it have inside . I have ask several people since I receive this and they all think the same thing . no , it be just something you shake back and forth . you could do the same thing with a can of bean . how stupid ! I would send it back , but do not want to waste the postage .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it do what it say its suppose to do , but it have a very plasticy feel to it . not bad just weak . Free weight be a better option . and lastly it do make for a good workout . it take a lot of energy to move that thing
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be happy to read the other review of this product , but when it arrive , I have to wonder if the company have change hand - or manufacturer . the box seem well-packed from the outside , but the first thing I notice when I open it be that the cardboard and plastic container that be suppose to hold the small part have break open . the piece be everywhere . it be a miracle none slide out of the box . this be not a catastrophe , obviously ; it be just the first hint that there be no care take in packaging . the larger metal piece be loosely roll in bubble wrap and tape once or twice , then throw into the box where they could slam into each other during shipping . most of the metal piece be scrape and scratch . unlike the photo show above , there be letter on each of the rack upright . not surprisingly , the `` a '' in `` APEX '' be miss on one of they . again , not a disaster from a usage perspective , but I do not have a basement , so whatever rack I eventually choose , it will be in my living space , so detail like this be not unimportant . this just show a further lack of attention to quality . last , but definitely not least , I take a look inside one of the upright as I be put it away . it be rusting . it also do not feel as heavy\/sturdy as some of the other reviewer describe , so again , it make you wonder if it be the same equipment as they receive . needless to say , it be go back .
Dumbbell	POS	5	5 star hand down this be super easy to put together only 1 step . come with everything in the pic definitly worth the price and come on time . ive have it about a month and a half and use it almost every day
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a little worried when I first open the package . it be really light and it feel really awkward ! I mess around with it for a little while and I be not very impressed . but then I put in the dvd that come with it . WOW ! after the 6 minute I could feel the tightness in my shoulder . I be not all that big into body building or anything , but I do go to the gym about 3-4 time a week and I do the arm weight . this work out be a really good one for only do it for 6 min . it impress I ! but it be go to feel weird in you hand for the first little bit . but try the dvd before give up on it . you may be surprised !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be lift weight since my high school football year . these weight be by far one of the best I have use and be of great quality and reasonable pricing ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone !!
Dumbbell	POS	5	this thing really allow you to isolate a full arm workout . it be a `` Super Targeter '' the ability to target each area of the arm be awesome ; and you can see the muscle articulate , and slightly contracting . the work out on the dvd be nice for a all around work out for the arm ; however I prefer to focus on my tricept ; & boy it be feel right away ; there be no next day tension in the arm , you feel it while do the exersize , but it be not uncomfortable ; actually it feel really good . not like be at the gym , when you be scream , or grunt , try to complete that last rep in pain . you go at you own pace , and whenever you want ; even take it to work , and do a couple arm crunch on you brake . the hand bar seem to be the perfect girth for a man , but could be a little narrower , I have small hand . tip : do not hold the bar too tight , because it will shimmy , and woddle all over the place . lightly , but securely , grip with you thumb , and index finger , with the rest of you finger wrap around the bar just enough , so it wont slide out of you hand . start to purchase 2 shake weight , because I know 2.5 pound be not enough weight , for I . but what they do not clarify in the listing , be that the dumbell have 2.5 lb . on each end . believe I , that be plenty of weight for a satisfying workout , that will not bulk up you arm .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I would prefer to say something positive , but I can not . the motion of each end be very slight and make no click or noise , so you get no satisfaction and no particular value in a work out . two $ 5 2 1\/2 lb weight from a discount store would do you more good than this basically useless item . I do not understand all the positive review . they must be from friend of the manufacturer . I guess I could say they have good commercial because I buy one , but they do not even act like the one you see in the commercial . I be give mine to any one who will take it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the assembly be easy - take around 20 min . to tighten 12 bolt . the frame be very solid and the paint job be good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	love these adjustable set . Perfect for woman who do not need 40 and 50 pound weight . so many exercise you can do by adjust the weight in 3 lb increment . it be worth the money and investment , especially for those day you do not have time or do not feel like make the trip to the gym .
Dumbbell	POS	5	first I want to address the guy that give low rating . if you can not shake this little 5lb weight , then you be very weak , and need it more then any one . if you be weak , it do make it awkward to use at first . that because you not use to it yet ... duh ? do you expect to be a pro the first time you use it ? do you expect to look like the guy on tv after 1 day ? another guy be surprise to find out you have to shake it ? ok that all I will say on that ... I think it speak for it self . now for review : I have be work out since I be in weight training class in high school , I be 37 now . this weight do perform exactly as advertise . I be pleasantly surprise to find this little 5lb weight can make I break a sweat and feel the burn after only a few min of use . you will use and build fast twitch white muscle from the short burst of movement , and you will also build slow twitch red muscle from the hundred of muscle contraction do in just a couple minute . fast twitch muscle be tight and compact , slow twitch be large bulk of the muscle for size and endurance . I can see how this will bennifit both . I do not know if you will build raw power with this , but you will most certainly burn calorie , lean muscle , get rip , and even some bulk after long term use . -lrb- natural look bulk , not wrestler look bulk . one thing people must realize . the only way to look like the guy on tv be many many year of very hard work , and a strict diet . -lrb- 5-10 year -rrb- it be a shake weight , not a magic wand . I recommend this for any one
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I feel tire after use this for 6 minute and definitely feel pain in my arm but I never notice any difference . overall it seem pretty isolate in the muscle group that it work and it be extremely boring and be quickly put away and forget .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	if you want result just lift with great form and increase you weight accordinly ... DO NOT give in to THIS MISCONCEPTION !!!! this do nothing to help contract and relax you muscle = that be where you be go to get `` muscle definition '' .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I get these about two week ago and they arrive in perfect condition . the weight selector be not exactly what I think it would be -lrb- its just a piece of plastic hold in place by a elastic band -rrb- but they work . it do not feel cheap , and they look nice . I cant complain really these be the best weight you can get for $ 200 or so . the actual weight be enough that with some repetition you can get definition in you arm and shoulder -lrb- at least for I , 25 year old , slightly smaller 150lb dude . I would recommend these as the best value for the money .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this with low expectation . however this item have definitely exceed my expectation . I think it be the goofiest look thing out there be why I buy it . it be addicting to use the shake weight . I love it !!!!
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I order four of these . for starter , the handle on the weight have metal shard so watch out or you 'll get cut . as soon as I realize this I take they out to the shop and wrap the handle heavily with duct tape . this will work ok but I certainly do not expect that from what be suppose to be a finish fitness product . also , one of the dumbbell have a loose end . one of the hex head slip up and down about a quarter inch . since it be not worth the trouble to pack these back up and ship they , I 'll just count this one as a live and learn . should have just go down to my local store for this one .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this set for my wife to use for p90x . I have the classic version and we both love the Powerblock design . quick weight change , heavy duty material , and perfect for those who want to save space . what more can you say ? its Powerblock , the best adjustable dumbbell on the market .
Dumbbell	POS	4	after start a new workout program that need a variety of weight and live in a apartment complex , I do not have much room . after review many product and talk with people , i choose the power block for the variety of weight , compact size of the weight and be able to quickly choose the size weight I need be great . but mostly to know when lift the weight over my head , they will not fall off , the durability be excellent . this be a great buy .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this only take I 45 min to setup and be straightforward . the only reason I gve 4 star be it be pricey for what it be , but be good relief for back and quick p90x weight change .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this item be from the same company I buy my plate holder from . I be a lot more pleased with this rack than the plate tree -lrb- not that there be much wrong with the tree , it be just a little on the light side as far as the gauge of steel use . -rrb- this thing be build tough , and be large enough to accommodate plenty of dumbbell . I have a few different brand of dumbbell , and have no problem with they fitting this rack . like the plate tree , assembly for this be really easy . there be more piece for this than the plate tree , so it take a little longer , but it be still basic . Everything go together with large nut and bolt . the rubber foot both protect the surface of the floor , and prevent the rack from move around . this item , combine with the plate tree , really sharpen up the look of my home gym . everything be nice and neat and have its place . bottom line be I be pleased with this item , and would recommend it . oh yes , it be also ship in a timely manner .
Dumbbell	POS	5	excelente producto esto va para mis amigo los venezolanos que siempre hay dudas de los paquetes persona serias y todo es como sale compre con seguridad soy muy delicado con mis compras y quede fino ciando vi lo paquete
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I must admit I like it better now , after a few day of become more accustomed to it . I be leave the first review I write below this update . this show that I really do not want to like it , but change my mind for the better . after about a week of not very much use , my arm , chest , shoulder and upper back muscle all feel more tone and look more define . this may be due to my not have be in very good condition to begin with . it may depend on one 's start point , but maybe not . it might help in-shape people keep in shape as well as help out-of-shape folk -lrb- like myself -rrb- to feel better . I have change my initial 2 star to 3 , and will update , if such be merit . it be super easy to use while watch tv , during time when I might otherwise be do no exercise . I suggest keep it next to the remote , in a place where it can be easily see and reach . it become something to just pick up and `` play with '' , when the mind be otherwise occupy . I be not go to bother return it when I do not , at first , like it . now it seem worthwhile to have keep . as to the handle hurt my hand , that be still true . I think the design of the bulge in the middle of the handle be flaw , but have find that wear fingerless workout glove have make grip it much less painful . the place it hurt I be between the thumb and forefinger , at the `` web '' part of my hand . the glove I use be great , by the way , and they be available on Amazon for $ 13.75 . they be call man 's glove but I be a woman , 5 ' 6 '' , and the medium size fit I great . they be machine washable and have many use . they be call `` harbinger 143 man 's pro flexclosure Wash & Dry Gloves '' . if the Shake Weight hurt you hand at all , try these glove ! here 's my first review : my first impression be poor . the handle be too wide for I to hold comfortably . my finger do not fit all the way around the diameter . it hurt I to hold it tight enough for use . it should be more narrow where the hand go . I be a woman , 5 ' 6 '' , of average build . this alone make I not very motivate to use it . it be suppose to be for arm , but it hurt my hand ! I will update if thing improve , but it do not seem worth use for I . I will look into a set of free weights\/hand dumbbell for woman , with a more-narrow grip bar . it will probably end up in a closet\/garage sale at my house .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be encourage by read the positive review , so I go ahead and order one , think it would be beneficial . I have no idea how anyone could have they arm become sore from this device . I use it 2-3 time a day for 5 day , and feel absolutely nothing . I be not in primo shape by any means , but a 2.5 weight be not go to help most people improve and tone they arm . what a waste of money .
Dumbbell	POS	5	First off -- kudos on shipping . order it Sunday night through my Amazon prime account and the free standard shipping get I the rack by Tuesday midday . it be also well package . the rack itself be a great value at $ 99 \/ free shipping . I have a hodgepodge of dumbbell , include hex , pro-style , and dumbbell bar + standard plate -lrb- about 9 set in total range from 5-45 -rrb- , and it fit they all fine . I think it would be much better suit to a set of just standard hex , but it work well for my need . it also feel very sturdy and be easy to put together -lrb- ~ 10-15 minute -rrb- . I definitely plan to get another one as my dumbbell collection increase . I plan to submit a photo too if you want to see how the hodgepodge fit on there . one note -- I notice somewhat of a chemical smell when first put it together , but later determine it to be the packaging as it have dissipate once I get rid of it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be in the market for these type of `` dumbell '' -lrb- one that you can quickly change weight on -rrb- and be terrify of the really expensive alternative , do not look any further . these work exactly as advertise . as long as 24 lb on each hand be heavy enough for you , you 'll be very happy . the square shape make they easy to store and if you secure they properly , they be very safe and easy to use . they be shape well enough that you can even use both hand on one block for those exercise that require it . the `` change '' system be definitely not as fancy as the pricier competition - but it work .
Dumbbell	POS	5	there be dumbell rack out there that cost a small fortune . why ? a sturdy chunk of steel be all you need and that be what this thing be . nice rubber foot prevent damage to you floor . Easy to assemble . inexpensive . you might need two if you have lot of dumbell . other than tiny weight , you can get about three pair on each shelf , which be enough for I . very happy with this rack .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love the SportBlock . it be just the right size to do a variety of exercise and be relatively compact due to the square shape . these dumbbell be easy to manuever and the padded grip be comfortable . in my opinion , they be also the safest design of all the adjustable dumbbell and it be very easy to change weight . the only issue with these block be that you have to be sure to insert the pin level and the pin assembly right side up . if you do not , while it be unlikely something will go wrong , it can . however , there be also a elastic safety mechanism just in case . this would not help you in a overhead triceps press , but it be a very good design and a brief safety check before you do anything over you head will give you about as good a guarantee as you would get with any dumbbell use over the head . also , these thing be rugged and the weight range be good for most people , especially if you use they along with a stability ball . a book that cover some workout that be relatively inexpensive and well do be  weight on the Ball Workbook : Step-by-Step Guide with Over 350 Photos  if you handle heavier weight than this , then you may not want to work on a ball . also , eventually if you be serious about bodybuilding or put on significant mass , you may want to upgrade to  PowerBlock Personal Dumbbell Set  many people also like  bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell
Dumbbell	POS	5	I really like this product but as it turn out I have a bad back and shoulder and can not use it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I feel like I be take a little risk buy this thing because it look like it be get alot of cross-member , strut , wheel , etc. . I like simple sturdy fitness equipment , preferably make of heavy-gage steel , and not a complicated contraption . but , I have to say , this thing be sturdy . it do not shake or creak or bend under the load when I set my dumbbell down on it , and sometimes after a hard workout I do not always set my dumbbell down as gently as maybe I should . some of the other review really emphasize how tricky the assembly process be . because of that , I do something I almost never ever do - follow the instruction . yeah . . step by step . bore ? yes . I put a movie on tv to ease the boredom . a couple other thing I do that I think help be I make certain I be use the correct bolt in each step because there be several bolt that be close in length , and I do not tighten anything until near the end of the assembly process . basically , I have no trouble put this thing together . the whole assembly process take I about a hour and a half , but that be because I be watch a movie . I probably double or triple the amount of assembly time by do that of course , the main reason I buy this stand be so I do not have to pick my dumbbell up off the ground and risk back injury . obviously this stand solve that problem , but it also have a basic v shape -lrb- when view from the top -rrb- , and this let you step in between the dumbbell and pick they up or put they down without bend over . I like that alot better than those straight shelf-style dumbbell stand that you usually see in gym . incidentally , this stand come with a set of four optional disk-shaped foot that you can put on it instead of the caster show in the picture . I set mine up with the caster because I do not have alot of space and I need to roll this thing out to use it , at least in the beginning before I rearrange a few thing . the disk-shaped foot might be handy though if you need to lower the stand a little bit , because I think they be a little shorter than the caster . bottom line be I have no problem recommend this stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	although I be skeptical , I have be very pleased with the Shake Weight Dumbbell . the product be well make , attractive and the video instruction be easy to follow . I use the Sake Weight regularly and highly recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	perfect match for the dumbbell set . can not imagine get one without the other .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the product arrive less than 24 hour after order -lrb- use 2-day shipping -rrb- . the quality of the frame , design and easy assembly make for the perfect product for the home ... Currently hold five set -lrb- 40 , 30 , 20 , 15 , 8 -rrb- - and I believe can fit 3-4 more . highly recommend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have want to own these for year but could never convince myself they be worth the price . well they be . they be compact , balanced and comfortable . and of course the best aspect be that they take up a square ft. of room when not in use . stop tip-toe ' g around you weight room floor and buy these now .
Dumbbell	POS	4	heavy weight , ship . one of the weight be noticibly break up inside the plastic . still weigh the same but make a little sound . mostly just superficial issue , it all function correctly .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I must say that I be quite impressed with the build quality of this rack . it surpass some of the stuff that I have see in the gym over a number of year . right now , I use it to support dumbbell from 5lb to 20lb in 2.5lb-increment . also , the rubber footing edge make it a good choice for tile or equivalent hard surface without cause damage . I really like this rack and it be highly recommend on my part !
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be item be awesome will highly recommend purchase the bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell with the stand . the stand be the key component you do not have to bend to pick up the weight its located at the proper height , make it very convenient to do you rep and ease to change the weight . the downside be that the weight do slip sometime would recommend jingle the dumbbell before remove from cradle to insure the proper weight be lock to the dumbbell and not fall on you foot or toe -lrb- that would hurt pretty bad -rrb- . one other thing the stand be miss label so double check with diagram before tighten nut and bolt of the initial stand .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	how hard be it to produce a work dumbell ? it be not rocket science , it be a dumbell . yet somehow the brainiac at Fitness IQ manage to botch it . they get half of it right - the weight be fine , the center pole be not . when you pick it up , it go limp . you lift it into a curl , and it be jiggle in you hand like a rubber dick . the first time I try it I throw it down in disgust and it flop across the floor like a sick guppy . I would rather go back to lift my kid than use the shakeweight again but my wife take they so I guess I 'll just find some heavy rock in the meantime .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	still put rack together . just need to tighten bolt and put on end cap . I really want to keep it but the smell be awful . it have to be toxic because it make my eye water and my lip burn . I have to wear two mask up to this point . I can not even step back into the room because the noxious smell have overtake it . will let it air out overnight . if it be still there will be return it . . although I do not want to ... it be nice . . of adequate size and well build . however , I can not keep it if this cheap paint -lrb- prob from China -rrb- make I ill . three star because of odor ... would like to give ot five , though . Update : okay three day later ... complete assembly and leave window open all weekend the smell be almost go and I be look forward to use this unit . . quality product . I really would have prefer to paint this thing myself than to purchase a product with toxic paint . otherwise it really would have deserve five star . Update 7.25.11 three week later ... have to send back . fume from paint cause my lip and face to burn . must be a very toxic finish material . since this unit be in a room that I will be excersize in not safe long term . sad ... because I really like it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	it work well , first time when I get the expensive weight set . couple month later , I think about my money not to waste on my health . so I deceide to find something that work and fast also cheaper !
Dumbbell	NEG	2	this shake weight be power by ... you . I must have conveniently block it out of my brain while watch the infomercial . seriously think you turn it on and it shake ... and you use you muscle to hold it in place , thereby burn the fat . NOT SO . you shake this thing and geesus , I can barely make it to the 2 min mark . hit my face a couple of time . and then shake it from side to side - uh , that be IMPOSSIBLE . it be not that it take up so much energy I cant do it , but i cant even START to shake it from side to side -lrb- hold it like a steer wheel and shake leave to right -rrb- . I be 34b in chest , 5 ' 3 , 118lb and workout my arm 3-4x a week . I seroiusly can not see how a woman w \/ a bigger chest can manage this little shakeweight . I keep it for 3 day , it go back . do not waste you money ... weight be so much better ... this thing be so tiring by the time i even complete the 1st minute , im do . those woman on tv use the shake weight , must have have major practice doin it , causeit not even as close to be as ez as it look .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have surgery on my shoulder , and my physical therapist recommend this for my home exercise . it be not mean to create a lot of weight to bulk up with -lrb- like it show in the advertisement -rrb- but it create enough resistance to build endurance and tone muscle , which be exactly what my deteriorated shoulder muscle need .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	its a good product get you arm thin . but it isnt mean for Muscle Build up this be just to Cut you arm ive be use it for a week for about 6 min a day and ive see progress
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great dumbbell in several way . one way be the rigid grip on the handle . the rigid & bumpy grip make it difficult to drop unless you completely let go of it . wear glove be recommend if you have soft or sensitive hand . the hexagon shape prevent rolling , so you can use these to perform pushup with . the coating hold up really well . Overrall , a great product . I highly recommend it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy this dumbbell under the immpression that it be sell as a pair . not the case , I only receive one dumbbell . also , the condition be heavily use . the neoprene be rip in several place . the website list the condition as used-like new . I have never review any of the product I have boughten on amazon before . but this be such a rip-off I feel I need to warn other who may be consider this dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I actually put this together myself even though the instruction say not too . I understand why once I get start . the piece be heavy and very wobbly until you tighten everything up . once it be together it be great , it hold all of my lighter hand weight and my husband heavier one too . the only weird thing about this piece be the rubber foot . there be ridge on the inside that prevent you from push the foot fully into place . that say you do not notice it once the unit be in place . but when I be move it around the foot fall off a couple of time and it be difficult to lean the thing on it side and gingerly put one on at a time . still , I do it and the product be great .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have only be use the shake weight for a few day , but I can already tell it be work . I can feel a really good burn in my arm and shoulder while I be do the 6 minute dvd , which tell I I be work muscle that I do not usually use . the dvd that come with it go so fast and the instructor keep you motivate to keep go . ca not wait to see the result I can already feel !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the product really work , especially for my biceps , triceps , trap , and deltoid . I feel the burn in my core and chest as well , but the workout seem to work better for support muscle .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these when I want to start work out again . call on my past excuse -lrb- the gym too far , take too long to get there , in , out , and back , et al -rrb- , I know the most effective way to tackle that be to bring what I could to I . also , I live in a apartment so any and all concept of build a actual gym , couple with the fact that I do not waltz around lighting cigar with $ 100 bill , lead I to find a solution . and that solution ? powerblock ! while obviously not provide a full gym , you can do a lot with free weight and cheap weight bench that you can tuck away somewhere . not only be these effectively cheaper than buy a entire set of weight , they be not incline to punch a hole through the floor , annoying my downstairs neighbor and eliminate any hope for my security deposit . they can also be easily stow away behind the couch , under the desk , or wherever you can fit two 45 lb dumbbell . the one and only complaint I have for they be that they do not have a 2.5 jump -lrb- 22.5 , 32.5 , etc -rrb- but they can do 7.5 . I know I be nit pick here but it be nice when you be push to not have to jump 5 lb . also , you can max they out fairly quick with thing like press make it necessary in no time to throw down for the expander set . other than that , though , they have be the best fitness investment I could make ! if you or anyone you know want to find a easy solution to bring the gym home , I would recommend these over any equipment out there .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great product and be very easy to put together . this product be a must if you have the Bowflex SelectTech 552 or 1090 dumbbell . contrary to other review , the stand be actually easy to put together and take about 45 minute to assemble . however , you must read the instruction fully before start , and do not tighten any of the hardware until tell to do so in the instruction manual . otherwise , excellent product . I love it !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this dumbbell rack be not bad for a `` make in China '' product . it go together in minute and be pretty sturdy , even with all my dumbbell -lrb- 5 pair , 10-30lb -rrb- on it . the hard plastic ` foot ' take some wiggle to get on , I have to tap they on with a soft mallet . the paint finish be pretty good -lrb- a textured dark gray -rrb- , but as with most thing make in China , I wonder if the paint contain lead or some other noxious ingredient . the item be packed pretty well , everything be wrap in a thin padding material and the bolt , nut and washer -lrb- shocker , washer be include ! -rrb- be shrunk-wrapped to a piece of cardboard . the include instruction be clear and straightforward , but honestly , if you need instruction to assemble this product , you need to go back to school ; -rrb- I would recommend this product .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	it be okay . it be what I order , although I be not sure it produce the remarkable result as advertise . arrive timely .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these for my -lrb- grow -rrb- son for he birthday and he love they . I mention that a few review say the size of the dumbbell make some exercise awkward at the limit of the movement , but he say he have not notice any problem . very happy with the quality , convenience , and compact storage .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake weight can be use by people who have never go to gym or play professional or nonprofessional sport . the Weight do not weight that much so it make the rep hard to do . if you want to really add the pressure to a area then all it take be more effort instead of more actual weight . I would suggest the Shake Weight to other .
Dumbbell	POS	4	buy this rack on Amazon and it arrive 5 day later . Free shipping be definitely a plus . Box weigh close to 60 pound . the rack be very heavy and sturdy and should have no problem hold we dumbbell . third tier be helpful and worth the little extra cost over the two tier rack . my one complaint be with the packaging of this product from the manufacturer . it come with a dozen bolt , washer and nut need for assembly . they be not secure inside the box and end up all over the box when I open it up . two washer be miss . there be a 800 toll free customer service number to call for miss part but I do not use it because I have other washer that I could use .
Dumbbell	POS	4	ok , so , I have own this product for about 6 week now , and I have be use it on a regular basis . I `` do '' try to work out a few time per week anyway , but , I do not always have that luxury -lrb- due to hectic work schedule -rrb- . anyway , after use the Shake Weight for maybe 3 week , I have start to notice small improvement in the toning of my arm , bicep strength , and overall arm strength . I have no tie to this product , but , I have to say , I really like use it ! I keep use it because it seriously break the monotony in my old -lrb- and boring -rrb- work-out routine , -lrb- which be very important for build muscle -rrb- . I notice that I be use muscle that I do not normally use , from dumbbell & weight alone ... and I must admit , it be fun to use , and you will feel you arm burning after just a few short minute of use this product -lrb- also , a good thing -rrb- . and , YES , there be some `` science '' behind this product . be it the `` be all end all '' of workout ? no ! you still have to eat right , try to live a healthy lifestyle , etc etc. ... but , it be a well construct product , that be fun to use , and `` so far '' seem to be work like they claim . I be usually pretty skeptical when I see something on a tv commercial regard fitness , but , have be into fitness & martial art -lrb- on & off -rrb- for year , I know the science be base on Isometric Contraction , and resistance . it be a proven science and it do work . I do similar excersize when I train in martial art year ago ... only we do not have this type of product back then . yes , there be plenty of negative comment out there -lrb- regard this item -rrb- , but , do not knock it until you have try it . I really think it be kinda weird at first , but , when you start use it , and notice a difference in a reasonable amount of time , you 'll keep use it , which be also very important . my only complaint with the `` Men 's '' version of the Shake Weight , be that it be only 5 lb . would have be a bit better if it be 7 or maybe 8lb ... but , that be just I . maybe they 'll make another model down the road ??? that be my story , and I be stick to it . : -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a heavy duty , well construct dumbell stand for use with my selecttech dumbell . you can walk between the dumbbell rack and easily lift the dumbbell off without have to bend over - save wear and tear on the lower back . the lock wheel allow for easy repositioning or to move out of the way when finish with a workout . highly recommend !
Dumbbell	POS	4	as I say the weight be good but the stand can not hold all six weight . when put together the stand be crooked and when you try to remove the heavy botton weight it fall over . you can remove the top weight carefuly but it defeat the purpose of a stand . I would not return it just because of the stand . weight be still a good buy compare with other weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive this rack for Christmas -lrb- 2011 -rrb- and just finish assembly it . the rack be a little bigger -lrb- depth -rrb- than expect , but I really like it . I only have it about half full of weight , but there be no doubt in my mind it would have no problem hold a full load . the only problem I run into be that the package hold all the nut and bolt come open during shipping . I have to dig through all the wrapping to find all the piece , and in the end be miss 1 washer . there be a phone number to call for miss part , but I find a suitable replacement washer in my tool box so it be a non-issue for I . I would recommend \/ repurchase this item again if I need to .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a `` young '' almost 62-year-old . while I be pretty fit , I have notice , and worried about , lose muscle mass . I see this on a `` health '' website I subscribe to . buy it for $ 30 at Walgreens . figure that for $ 30 it be a good risk . in two word : it work ! although I be not fanatical about it -lrb- use it every three day or so -rrb- it have make a noticeable difference . -lrb- Disclaimer : it will not turn a couch potato into Mr. America . -rrb- about two week after get it , my wife and I be at she family reunion on the beach in La Jolla , see family and cousin we see 2-3 time a year . I be curious if it would be notice without my say anything . it be notice ! everyone remark on how `` buff '' I look . Pretty good endorsement ! I think I might have help sell a few . key point : as the first part of the dvd point out , you must grip the shake weight tightly . if you hold it lightly , you can shake all night and it will not help . I wonder if people who say it do not work be grip it lightly ...
Dumbbell	POS	4	Pretty expensive for a stand that just hold select-tech . construction be sturdy and it be easy to put together . the best part about it be not have to bend down and risk strain you back dialing and pick up a different weight . also speed thing up when you try to keep up with a exercise dvd that have you switching weight a lot . overal i recommend it , just think it could be a little cheaper .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I use this after a workout at the gym it give my chest and arm a good burn . I do not think this could be you only form or exercise . but it do work and for the little bit of money compare to other think it be a good bang for you buck
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy this product for arm exercise . its not as good as it sound in commercial . I think the good old dumbell be better than this . I do not like it so I return this product for refund .
Dumbbell	POS	4	Thought there be some kind of battery in there that make it shake but nope . you get to do it all yourself .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I get this for one of my grandson 's for Christmas . he have be look at they at Walmart , he mother say . I like yours better than the Walmart one and I think it be a little cheaper . he seem to like it . it be heavy !! I think woman use these too for they arm . ship be fast and it be pack well . thanks .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if space and simplicity be top priority , this be the set . I have gym equipment in the garage that be bigger and more ` manly ' . this set set in my closet and get I to do a few quick shoulder exercise ever few day . I find they to be plenty solid . in fact they be much better than the ` dial a weight ' set that I have try at hotel . and , if I can get sufficiently motivate while lift these , I will actually go to the garage and do a more serious workout .
Dumbbell	POS	5	make very well for the price . the three rack be ~ 32 '' in length . hold about 9 set of dumbbell max . Easy to assemble and easy to access weight due to the slight angle . could not ask for more . I choose this one after many search ; good product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after buy this product for my roommate , I be able to share it as well . my take be that the shake weight be not really mean to bulk up you arm or really tone you out . this be just a good purchase in the sense of its quality because it be not make cheaply . in term of effectiveness , it be more to tone up you arm before you go out at night on that date or to the club . it do work out you arm but do not expect this to replace gym weight but more so supplement it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be need a few weight to start out with . I be search all over even at the store around my house and nothing come close as to these perfect size and organize weight I get . I be so pleased with they , perfect !
Dumbbell	POS	4	I purchase the SelectTech Dumbbell stand at the same time I purchase my  bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell  with the number of time I change the weight on the dumbbell the stand make this a breeze . well worth the investment . I have see some review that say the assembly instruction be difficult to understand and follow , but mine include a easy to follow booklet that contain a explode diagram plus several detail page with easy to follow step . it take about 30 minute to set up mostly due to the number of bolt require to put it together . the construction be solid and sturdy . I only give it a 4 out of 5 since the wheel -lrb- optional -rrb- be basically useless if you be try to move the stand and the weight on carpet . for the most part I just keep they in one place so it be not much of a issue .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this shake weight be not junky like a lot of as see on Tv Products , and it be more fun to use than regualr dumbell
Dumbbell	POS	5	I need a range of weight and want a neat way to store they when not in use . see these at a friend 's house and decide to try they . they be great , especially if you be like I and do not care to go to a gym .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	from read previous review I be dread the assembly of this stand . to my surprise , the instruction be clear and easy to follow and I have the stand put together in just under a hour . after assembly the stand I notice the stand be very sturdy and well build . I take my Bowflex SelectTech 552 weight out of the holder and place the holder in the stand . upon do so the holder do not fit right in the stand . they be a bit to wide and long . to fix this I use a hand towel and a adjustable wrench . place the hand towel over the rear edge , I use the pliers to bed they back and inch or so . its important to do the rear edge because the front one hold all the weight . they dont fit perfectly but they do now fit in the stand . overall I be very happy with the strength and look of the stand but wish it would have take no modifying .
Dumbbell	POS	4	my hubby ask for the Shake weight dumbbell , to add to he `` weight be '' collection ... it come as promise , on time and he love it . I try it for about 2 min and my arm be sore ! defiantly work . : o -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be so glad I read the review and buy these . I be a new lifter and the 3lb increment be great ! they be easy to use and surprisingly i like the shape as oppose to round . as a female who be life to get into shape i do not think i would ever need anything heavier and they take up little to no room in my apt . the price be right too ! love they , love they , love they ! I never like a product so much that I want to review it but the other review be what help I decide so i want to help too !
Dumbbell	POS	5	extremely satisfy with this dumbell rack ! Easy to assemble , nice finish , and very functional ! build quality be excellent and should last a long time . the angled shelf design be great for access the weight , speciallly the heavier one . can accomodate 8 to 9-pair of dumbell , depend on size -- hold my set of 10 to 50 pound dumbell , in 5 pound increment , nicely . excellent value ! highly recommend !
Dumbbell	POS	5	Have have it a week and wow it really work already . I feel it in the first couple minute LOL ~ and I even order the woman version too . I figure 5 lb be not that much ~ ugh !!!! it do ... 3 minute on this and I be dead tired . seem like a no brainer to use and do not see why people have issue with it . like any exercise equipment ... if you have not work out in a long time and\/or do not use equipment often enough to understand the gist of it ... get inform and check with you Dr. . . do not be a dummy and hurt yourself .
Dumbbell	POS	5	be hestitant to purchase after read the bad review , of course , but decide that it be a great value since the shipping be free . turn out to be easy to assemble and appear quite sturdy . I do not have all rack full - only have 10 , 12 , 15 , 20 and 25 pound weight on it at this time .
Dumbbell	POS	5	since I be too weak to carry 32lb of weight back to my apartment , I be happy to find these offer on Amazon with free shipping ! the shipping would have cost about as much as the weight themselves , so this deal be too good to pass up . other than that , they be weight . they do they job of be heavy if I do my job of lift they . so far so good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent and a must for anyone that have the Bowflex dumbbell . however , I still feel this should come include with the $ 600.00 dumbbell . Bowflex be cheap cheap cheap ... and blood sucker . but the stand be excellent and a must have ... if not you back be go to pay everytime you bend down to pick up the weight . and yes I be fully aware of the proper way to squat and lift weight , but this be just a pain after a 1-1 .5 hour workout .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I have have this for about a month and use it maybe 15 time before today . the 16th time I use it it come apart !!! now it be worthless .
Dumbbell	POS	5	neoprene cover make it comfortable in my hand . not too crazy about the baby\/powder-blue color of the 3lb weight or the fact that it come with some discoloration on it -lrb- from the cardboard packaging and it do not come off no matter how much I scrub -rrb- but not a big deal .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be very skeptical before buy this . I have be work out use standard dumbell but never be able to get a clear definition on my arm . I buy this and after 2 week , I can see my triceps come out of under the layesr of fat . I always have a challenge with biceps show up . . but if I keep work relegiously , I be sure I will see some bicep muscle in a couple month . this be much better than dumb bell and all the curl I have be do . effective product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	wonderful weight ! exactly what I be look for ! Perfect for P90X and can be change in seconds !! love em ! also love the padding and grip .
Dumbbell	POS	5	purchase two of these to use while walking\/running on my treadmill . want to work out my arm at the same time I do cardio . Thought it would be a good way to burn more calorie and firm up my arm a bit at the same time . I have no problem grip they due the neoprene coating so they stay in my hand nice and tight , even when you sweat ! I have drop they to the floor several time and the neoprene do not come off so the quality be top notch . they be small and easy to store so they do not take up much space -lrb- I put mine in the cup holder on my treadmill -rrb- . I recommend this product to all .
Dumbbell	POS	5	save space , make the weight far easier to access , and look nice . this ultimately be just a stand with a towel rack \* cough bar across the middle cough \* but it be well think out , the angle which it have you weight make pick they up less strenuous on you back and arm . I feel if you be get the Selecttech 's you should make sure you order the stand to go along with they . the wheel be a nice touch as I have mine on a hard floor and be able to roll it around make get they out of the way when I be do work out a snap .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have these for about a month now and they be a great space saver in addition to be a very sturdy product . major use : I get they to use with Chalean Extreme from Beachbody and it work really well as the program go from one exercise to the next - it be a very quick change and I have no trouble get use to they . Range : I have always be physically active and I find this range of weight be fine for I as I do not anticipate ever go higher than 25 pound for upper body . my lower body can handle a little higher technically but I do not feel the need to get the higher range of this product . I prefer have the 2.5-3 pound increment as I find that there be a big difference with what I can lift when do a bicep curl versus a shoulder press for example . . if you be try to decide between these and the 5-45 pound , what make my decision be that 90 % of the exercise I do will be adequately supplement by up to 25 pound . for those few exercise where I want heavier I could always just get a adjustable pair with a couple of plate that go between 25-40 and that would be fine . but for right now I be get a perfectly good workout with this range . grip : love it . it be hard for someone like I with small hand to find dumbbell with a good grip . noise : someone say something about a clank sound , there be a minor amount of that but nothing I would have notice if I have not be look for it . I have use the spin lock adjustable dumbbell for year and those make noise too as you go up in weight ... I think that be just the nature of add on plate . I really have find no flaw in these . if you be use carpet I would recommend get the tray ... I be use hardwood floor so they be fine as be for I . I usually just put they up on my table when I be work out so I do not have to bend down so much .
Dumbbell	POS	4	it take alittle practice to feel like you be do it right , but it work , and that be the main thing .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a total waste of time and money . I buy it hope it would actually build muscle , but it do nothing other than make I feel bad about spend $ 30 on a piece of plastic .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I get this yesterday for my  bowflex selecttech 552 adjustable dumbbell -lrb- pair -rrb-  after find that Bowflex 's instruction be too skim , I go to the instruction on Amazon.com instead , because they be more descriptive . for the most part , the assembly be straight forward , but tighten the nut and bolt be rather painful . I be use a adjustable wrench , along with the allen wrench they provide , but I would imagine that assembly would be a lot smoother if I have own a ratchet wrench . after assembly , I absolutely love the stand . however , I give four star just because the assembly take a bit too long . I highly recommend this product and a good ratchet wrench .
Dumbbell	POS	5	use with p90x and these be perfect . right amount of weight for reasonably strong and athletic 43 year old -lrb- 180 lb -rrb- . allow quick change . be get some Platemates so that smaller 2.5 lb increment be possible . I know there be newer powerblock that allow 2.5 lb change but you have to open the handle and change cylinder out - add Platemates have to be quicker , and p90x really have you change weight pretty rapidly - I would rather not hit pause during the workout .
Dumbbell	POS	4	not overwhelming or spectacular , but for those of we who do not really have a budget to spend big $ $ $ on resistance training and other exercise equipment , it be good enough to get the job do . you 'll find yourself need to order a additional set of 2.5 , 5 and 10 pound disc if you want to actively use all three barbell and have a nuanced workout where you can gradually step up resistance each week or two . still , it get one 's foot in the door , as it be ...
Dumbbell	POS	5	just another success in a continuous stream of product order from Amazon , my preferred retailer . the time , traffic and deal with people require to go to the store ? forget about it . Amazon be my `` go to '' move for any retail purchase . price , speed and reliability be Amazon 's trademark quality .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	if you be look at get rip , then this be not the product for you . however , if you be look to tone-up , the shake weight be perfect .
Dumbbell	POS	5	my arm be extremely flabby and I have not work out in a long time . I have start use the shake weight every morning and it be hard . my arm be sore from the 6 minute video . I can not wait to see the result . I doubt this will work for people that already regularly lift weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a p90x graduate and I have to say that the most frustrating part of the experience -lrb- unrelated to the program , of course -rrb- be use my dumbbell which require unscrew the end and slide new weight on . I be on a second program incorporate p90x , p90x + , and the One-on-Ones , and I have get much stronger since I begin p90x ; thus , I need more weight and the variation I have could not provide that . I receive these powerblock as a college graduation gift from my parent and I be happy to say that I no longer have to worry about take minute to switch out weight or about have enough weight to build more mass and strength . the weight require no assembly and be color-code to help you switch weight fast , especially if you realize that you over or underestimate you strength . while initially the pb may seem awkward to use , you adjust fast and realize that the multiple handle make for great variation in exercise . every now and then , the magnetic clip which alter the weight can get stick on different weight level , but that be rare and never a safety issue for I . whether you be engage in the p90x program or simply want a great-looking , organized weight system , the PowerBlock classic will satisfy you and last for the long haul . bring it !
Dumbbell	NEG	2	this shakeweight do not work at all . 6 minute a day , no way ! if you be look for a workout , do not waste you money on this !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be glad this powerblock dumbbell set be my first investment in free-weight for my home gym . I be tempt to get the Bowflex set because of the media\/marketing , but glad I read the review first and then learn about this set . these dumbbell deserve more marketing than they get !! I also buy the sport tray - it have a tilt\/angle & make change the weight easy . I do not need the floor stand . this tray -lrb-  PowerBlock Sport Tray  pro : - sturdy - innovative -lrb- on the market b\/f bowflex selecttech\/similar -rrb- & less expensive - versatile - comfortable grip - save so much space ! tip : the two parallel side bar be great for tricep press ! I grab they from the bottom side . yet , if U reach 40 - 45lb level -lrb- 35lb if U have larger hand , you 'll need to find a more creative way to grip the bottom side bar . con : as a previous reviewer write , you can slip the pin in un-evenly if you be not look at what you be do . s0 - look & pay attention ... good thing be - you would notice this immediately . it also would be nice if they workout poster or log book come w \/ the set . happy training !!
Dumbbell	NEG	2	after watch the commercial I think this product move the weight back and forth and the work out be try to control it . after get it I discover that you be to move it back and forth for the work out . do a repetitious movement like this be ask for carpal tunnel syndrome without much benefit . there be three way to get fit ; less food intake , cardio exercise and weight resistance . this walk the edge of cardio and weight resistance without satisfy either .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be hesitant to buy a shakeweight at first because of the joke and such around the way the workout look . I have a lot of time to spare this summer , so I decide to buy a shake weight . it be only $ 15 , so what do I have to lose ? I have a gym membership , so I do have access to ton of machine designate for my arm . my only problem be I do not have any idea how all those machine work , and it be embarass try to figure it out at the gym . so I need a quick workout for my arm , for triceps , biceps , shoulder , etc. . I have be use the shake weight for about a week now , and I really like it . 6 minute be very long for I at first , but it be get better . the routine be easy to remember and I do it while watch tv . shake the weight correctly be a lot harder than it look , but do not give up ! it be definitely worth it , and it be a great buy for less than $ 20 .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have have my Shake Weight for man for 2 day now and so far I really like it . the 6 minute dvd workout really do make you muscle burn ! and my arm definitely swell up after ward just as if I would be lift weight . I can not say what the effectiveness will be in the long run but I do not see how this could not beef someone up . one thing I 'll say be that I do not really feel a workout in my chest . I may have feel a little soreness there today but not much . the workout dvd go over 3 workout and the Shake Weight come with a card show those workout plus one more that be not demonstrate in the video . my plan be to do all 4 every day . maybe I will notice it in my chest more ? I do have concern that this could hurt someone back if they have have previous back injury but it do not seem to be bother mine . overall it be a well make product and I think it be go to do a good job make my arm a little more cut . and honestly it be a lot more fun to use than plain old lifting weight . 4 Stars ! oh and I notice someone else 's review say just to buy the female shake weight ... I do not get that because the one for man be 5lbs and the female version be 2.5 lb ... 11\/14\/10 Update I still think this be a good product . if anything I keep slip up and stop use it for a week or two . but my arm be definitely more define . especially my triceps ! I have never be able to see any definition in that area but they be bulge out now when I flex . I be go to try to stay devoted to do the workout twice a day now and really accelerate the muscle growth . a quick bit of info . . at first it may seem that it be slim down you arm . what I have notice be that it burn any fat off first and then the muscle growth begin . do not be discourage . even use it off and on I be definitely more tone than I ever be . I be gonna push this thing to the max and see just how rip it can make I .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be hesitant to drop almost $ 200 on this set of weight without see it in a store and know it be non-returnable . however , I have only use it a few time and I have be very pleased . I be motivate to work out more . they be very compact to store and very comfortable to use . I think this product be very well design . I wish I would have find this 10 year ago . it would have save I from lug all these hand weight from apartment to apartment when I move around a lot when I be younger ! such a great alternative to keep a whole set of different weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy the Shake Weight because a friend have recommend it . it be actually work . my arm and shoulder have better tone . it also seem to be work on my upper ab and chest . I initially experience the tired and sore muscle that you get when start a new exercise program . now the muscle soreness be go and I have increase my workout time to the manufacturer recommendation . it be a television product that , to my surprise , work as well as advertise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I live in a one-bedroom apartment and I use these weight for my daily workout . they be unobtrusive enough to keep within the living room without disrupt the floor plan . I have never feel insecure about the stability or safety of these weight . the pin that hold the weight together be very sturdy and do not move during exercise . the pin be also easy to place provide the weight be on level ground and you be at eye level with the weight . the unique shape of the dumbbell have be a plus because it have allow I to do exercise like weighted pushup and overhead triceps extension . the only negative about these weight be that they do make `` clinking '' noise when use for most exercise , make they difficult to use early morning when someone be sleep nearby . this should not be any issue in any other circumstance .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just assemble it take about one hour and you need a small crescent wrench . the bolt require some serious tightening but be very sturdy and roll easily with the 10\/90 . I work up a sweat do this but instruction be very good . I be happy with the purchase . Ladies you might need help with this .
Dumbbell	POS	5	just like the other , this dumbbell be solidly build , and it feel very even in you hand . the design that keep it from roll be very beneficial , since you can put it pretty much anywhere that will support the weight . I think this be a good weight to start with , as it be a simple way to break into strength training without be too difficult . it be a particularly nice dumbbell for curl too . overall , I be very happy with my purchase .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy a use set of Powerblocks -lrb- `` Personal '' edition -rrb- on Craigslist about 7 week ago and be happy I do . amazingly quick to switch weight , simple to use and take up hardly a blip of space at all . the compact design of the Powerblocks be one of my favorite thing about they . other design I find way too long and very awkward to use for some exercise . I have the Powerblocks and a incline dumbell bench in a corner of my garage -- I use maybe 8 square foot of space . with the Powerblocks , my workout be quick and streamlined . the strength\/core training of the program I be on take just 15-20 minute to complete and use only dumbell and the bench for equipment -lrb- for the `` cardio '' phase of the program , I run outside -rrb- . I use Harley Pasternak 's ,  5-factor Fitness : the Diet and Fitness Secret of Hollywood 's a-list  the Powerblocks and 5ff work perfectly for my goal . I be 45 year old and have a total of 20 to 25 pound of scale-weight I would like to lose . accord to the scale , so far I have lose 13 pound in 7 week . it be hard to say how many pound of body fat that would be , since I have gain a fair amount of lean muscle mass simultaneously -- my guess be close to 17 pound of body fat be go . I enjoy work out and eat well and all the health and energy benefit of a fit lifestyle , but at this stage of my life , workout need to be short and efficient -- never so long that I get burn out . the Powerblocks -lrb- and 5 factor Fitness -rrb- be work really well for that . best of all , I can workout really hard , because I know I 'll be do in less than 30 minute . the only reason 4 and not 5 star be that several time I have wish I have the flexibility of 2 1\/2 pound increment rather than 5 pound increment , but this be a pretty minor quibble . Powerblocks be the best fitness investment I have make .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	go to use for the first time and it fall apart . try to fix but do not work the same . very poorly make or get a faulty one . would not recommend to anyone .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these dumbbell as a secondary set to the 5-50 lb . powerblock I buy only a few week before . I like the first product so much that I buy the lighter set so my husband and I can lift together . these be extremely easy to use and surprisingly compact . I go to the fitness store and look at these and the Selecttechs side by side and be astonish by the length of the Selecttechs . in my opinion , that product would not work for woman due to how long the bar be to accommodate all the weight . though this system be a little oddly shaped -lrb- blocky -rrb- it be much more compact and thus easier to manipulate . true , it take a little time to find a comfortable grip for a few exercise -lrb- such as thing behind the head -rrb- but once you know what work for you the system make lift easy .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I keep these near my computer desk at home and use they on break from tv or work . very attractive , durable , feel great . safer than regular weight , less risk of damage a muscle , ligament or joint . good result , very little discomfort ! I be a woman and get the man size dumbell .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I like this product because it offer exactly what I be look for : better tone arm . pro : + it be inexpensive . this be not overly expensive and be a single unit . yes , weight be cheaper as a single unit but you 'll need more the stronger you get . + six minute workout . this come with a six minute workout that will kick you butt the first time you use it . it be not the most entertaining disc in the world , but it be effective . + both my wife and I can use it because it be up to the individual as to how hard you want to work . I can shake it harder and faster , while she be weaker so she do not use it as vigorously . + can go on trip with you . because it be a singe unit you can take it anywhere . con : - no chance to increase weight . it would be nice if the end detach to change out the weight . - only work you arm . if you be look for a total body workout this be not it . - it be somewhat noisy . I would not do this during a orchestra concert , but it be not horrible . if you spouse be `` sensitive , '' though , you might want to try something different . this be a pretty good product . I like it a lot and it be increase my arm muscle mass . it do not work miracle , but what exercise product do ?
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have be use this dumbbell set for several month now , along with some more standard dumbbell and a Bowflex weight bench . while I prefer the feel of standard dumbbell , this set be very compact to store and it be very easy to adjust the weight for specific exercize . I feel that they give I just as good a workout as any dumbbell I have use , even if they be a bit too bulky to use for wrist curl and other short range of motion exercize . for the standard bicep curl , bench press , overhead press and the like , I highly reccomend .
Dumbbell	POS	4	once put together the Bowflex dumbbell stand be pretty solid ; it be very secure , stable and a lot better on my back than lift the weight from the floor . assembly be more work than it should be , and require a certain amount of strength . personally , I would like they more if they be a bit taller , and take a little bit less space , but this be mostly a minor complaint . pro - very solid construction - reasonably attractive - move the weight off the ground in a safe way . con - difficult assembly process - Expensive for what it be . - tall people may wish the stand be taller lose a star for the assembly process and the price . but otherwise great stuff .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this item because the physics of it make complete sense to I . I just finish my second time use the shake weight . the first time be right after I open it , and I try the various workout show . it be not too bad . the second time I use it after my daily routine consist of ab work out , push up , dip and pull up . it usually take I 5-10 minute . once I finish , it be 3:56 . I decide to wait until 3:57 so that I could time myself for one minute . I have never want 3:58 to come so badly . it burn not only in my arm but in my ab as well . if use on its own it may not be as effective , however it be a great finishing touch on my workout today . P.S. . you have to be SUPER FRAIL to use the women product . it be half the weight of the man 's . man will build muscle and in turn need to move up in weight . buy the man 's version .
Dumbbell	POS	5	love how balanced these weight be not to mention the ease of change from one wight to another . I be just get back into lift so it will definitely be a while before i come close to out grow these . I be just thrill to have a easy way of work out at home nice and convenient .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	try this out for a few month , totally not worth it . why not just use a can of soup . it do not do much . probably should be battery operate -lrb- for more resistance -rrb- . give it away as a gag gift .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these to help with my physical therapy . I 'll continue to use they to tone my arm and make walk more challenging . very comfortable to grip . small and easy to store in the closet . you do not need a lot of heavy weight for work out . if you be do repitition , you 'll get result . I also use the low weight for Zumba and Wii Fitness .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I be really look forward to the shake weight ... even though my husband make fun of I for buy it . I guess I be lazy in believe that this be actually power rather than I do the work of shake it . I be not sure yet whether I be go to keep it , mainly because it be a bit cumbersome to hold and my wrist feel sore after shake it .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I see the Shakeweight at Bed Bath and Beyond , it look like a lot of fun . I buy it , take it home and do the exercise on the dvd . it be fun , yes , and the lady on the dvd have great energy , very inspiring . unfortunately , very shortly after finish the workout , my neck start hurt pretty bad . I give it a few day , and finally have to make a appointment with my chiropractor . he tell I that two of the exercise on the dvd be probably what injure my neck . both exercise hyper-extended my shoulder , and he say unless you be super fit and know what you be do , weight-bearing exercise that hyper-extend you shoulder be a invitation to injury . -lrb- the specific exercise that hurt I be work with the weight behind the head , and the last one on the dvd design to work the shoulder where there be a lot of shoulder rotation . -rrb- I want to like this product , and once I finish healing I might give the other exercise another try before take it back , but I feel I need to warn people . the dvd just do not make it clear enough how a beginner can avoid injury and this really hurt !
Dumbbell	POS	5	very nice dumbbell I order a set of 60 # and I be just thrill with they ! I be go to be use they to walk up and down my stair I have at home . should be wonderful for my leg !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	this exercise device be serious exercise . I be have to work up to the full 6 minute workout slowly . I do the full six minute , follow the video , the day it arrive . I be sore for three day afterward . I think it will be really good for I in the long run just do not make the same assumption I do that this would be easy from the start .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very easy to use straight out of the box . I personally enjoy do this in front of the tv . it be a great way to change you current upper body work out routine and keep thing interesting . Make sure to watch the instructional video a few time to avoid arm injury .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be surprise to see this item have positive review . I be happy that it apparently do work for some people . however , in my opinion , it be just another gimmick . shake you way to more muscular arm use something so light ? yes , you might feel something -lrb- and be careful that it be not pain due to injury that you be feel ! -rrb- but you can do this type of exercise use just about anything of the same weight -lrb- whether it be a water bottle or a can of soup , etc -rrb- . I do try this product and , personally , I recommend good old fashion push-up instead . specifically tricep push-up if you be aim to work on toning\/defining that `` under the arm '' area -lrb- below you biceps -rrb- . you have three different muscle in you tricep area -lrb- thus , the name , as `` tri '' mean `` three '' -rrb- . it be not logical to use a light weight dumbbell and `` shake '' you way to definition\/strength of all these muscle . nose crusher and dip be a few other exercise that be great for the triceps . this area can be a problem area for both man and woman but from my experience , more woman seem to be bother by it . dip would be perfect for woman who do not want to develop a more `` bulky '' appearance as you use you own body weight against you while nose crusher would be best for man as you can use the weight of you choice and keep increase it as you progress . -lrb- please note : dip be a common exercise , as be Nose Crushers , but Nose Crushers MIGHT be know by a different name by you personal trainer -rrb- . of course , tricep push-up be very effective for both sex . one of my main reason for be unhappy with this product be the very high risk of injury that can be cause from do these exercise . not just the chance of pull a muscle , but it also increase you chance of head , neck and shoulder injury -lrb- which take forever to recover from -rrb- . tricep push-up , dip & nose crusher be excellent exercise for the tricep muscle that do not have a high risk of injury to any of these area -lrb- with the exception of nose crusher - if you do not have a spotter and do drop the barbell on you nose , well , like the name of the exercise state , you nose will be crush ! -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase this as a Christmas gift . there be not much I can say at this time about the quality or if it work well .
Dumbbell	POS	4	purchase this with a set of 552 dumbbell on a black Friday special directly from Bowflex for around $ 280 ship . the stand require quite a bit of assembly and would have be easier with a second person . I have to remove the plastic end cap on the main bar to shake out some metal shaving the manufacturing process have leave rattle around inside . the tie-down strap have a plastic buckle exactly where they meet the corner of the dumbbell base-plate , which make it a little awkward , but it work . other than that , however , it be very sturdy , with good balance and I have no doubt it will survive many year of abuse . I be fairly proficient at home-assembly job and frequently accomplish task the manufacturer say require two people without assistance . I do not really have any major trouble while assemble these and the whole process take about 30 minute . there be a few time during the assembly process where hold two component together while align the bolt and nut to hold they together be a little difficult , and a second pair of hand would have be useful . tighten the bolt with the supply hex wrench take a bit of hand strength . I use a standard adjustable wrench to grip the nut instead of the recommend ratchet and socket , and there be a few bolt in tight place that would not permit you to turn the adjustable wrench which mean you have to rely on the short hex wrench to provide the torque in these situation -lrb- most notably when install the dumbbell plate on the top -rrb- . there be also a few place where tighten bolt early could make it more difficult for you to align another piece -lrb- specifically the back-plate -rrb- . I recommend you insert all of the bolt for a given step into they correct position -lrb- and only hand-tighten the nut -rrb- before you use the wrench to cinch they down -lrb- this be true for most similar assembly job , though -rrb- . this assembly job will be very easy if you have a partner to help you and you use a ratchet and socket -lrb- 9\/16 -rrb- as the instruction recommend . they should have remove the metal junk from inside the primary tube before they put the end cap on , and they assembly process could have be a little bit easier , but the quality of the assemble stand be very , very good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not think this can replace work out but I do believe it compliment a workout very well . that be say I goof around with the female version of it for a few minute when I buy it for my wife and my arm be sore the next day , you can definitely feel the pump if you use it the right way . I be definitely go to order the male version of this . again it will not replace work out but it be a definite plus to add to a exist routine ... bring out that much more muscle definition that you just can not get on you own !!!  Shake Weight Dumbbell
Dumbbell	NEG	2	another warn that you be only get one dumbbell . Mine arrive new , but one dumbbell be pretty useless . the product description make no mention of the fact that this be not a pair .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this weight set be both easy to use and excellent industrial design . I have use this set work with a personal trainer . when I decide to buy my own set , this be the top choice . reasonably price too .
Dumbbell	POS	4	in general , I think these dumbbell be great . however , they can be a bit dangerous if you do not do a safety check . for example , if you be not pay attention you can insert the pin at a angle . this create a possiblity that a plate can come loose and hit you . also , you can accidentally put the pin mechanism upside down , this create the possiblity of a accident too . I like that there be a back up system of a elastic cord and magnet hold the pin mechanism in place . I have find there be only a real danger on certain exercise and only if you do not follow the instruction . even then the odds be small anything will happen , but it be something I want to warn people about because I have have some near miss . I find the smaller version of these be better than the larger version . the large version can be cumbersome and a bit long for some exercise . however , I agree with the other review you can comfortably do a variety of exercise and the trade-off in term of a slightly smaller range of motion on some particular exercise be not a big deal . for example , for upright row I tend to prefer a short curling bar ... ditto for overhead triceps extention . however , use one dumbbell with two hand be possible and quite comfortable . this be a solid well make product . I have own mine for about a year and I think they be great . over time , there can be a issue with friction between the plate , but I very thin layer of lubricant can help . for most people , this will only have to be do infrequently .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not even need the instruction on how to put this together . it be so simple and only take I 20 minute . i be amaze after i put this together how many people have problem put this together ... Anyways , this be a awesome product and now i can finally get my 1090 's off the damn floor .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be look around for a nice set of adjustable weight for p90x as my spin lock be take far too long to lock and load for the quick , fast paced weight switch that the program demand . and so after much hesitation from my wallet , I finally give in and order the PowerBlock Classic Adjustable Dumbbell set . boy , let I tell ya , worth every penny ! I be finally able to keep up with all of the work out with only the slightest effort on my part . go be the day when I have to constantly pause and rewind to stay on track . it almost make work out fun -lrb- if that be possible -rrb- , haha . they be so good in fact that if I have to choose between these weight and a girlfriend , I would choose these weight ! you know why ? because I would be so psyched to work out with these dumbbell everyday that I would get rip in no time at all , which mean a even hotter girlfriend ! ; -rrb-
Dumbbell	NEG	1	like a few other reviewer , I neglect to read the item description very carefully . there be one dumbbell in this order , not two ! beware ! this be very misleading . as the reviewer mk say , I would not have purchase only one dumbbell for the price ... I guess I be the dumbbell now -lrb- yuck yuck -rrb- !
Dumbbell	POS	5	the video do look a little funny , but I decide to try it anyway . pro : 1 . it give a quick intense workout in 6 minute . it be very tiring . on my first try , I could not complete the 6 minute because my muscle give in . I be able to complete the 6 minute after 1 week of use it . so I know I be get stronger . 2 . it be a space saver . it do not use up the space as many dumbbell . you can just kick it under the bed . 3 . the price point be very good . very affordable . 4 . many possible exercise so you body do not get too accustomed to a routine . con : 1 . it do not directly hit my ab . it do it indirectly by use you core muscle . Summary : best bang for the buck workout equipment . if you do not mind the suggestive movement , you will get a quick great workout .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	after read a ton of review I finally give into curiosity and buy the shake weight . and while many of the review who talk about feel a burn be correct I think it be important to consider the situation of the user make the review -lrb- which be not always clear -rrb- . for I , I work out a couple of time a week at a normal gym use mostly free weight that be a lot heavier than the shake weight , I have honestly find the shake weight routine to be a good way to get a bit more of a muscle burn . however , I do not feel that the weight itself create a lot more resistance than do high volume rep at weight that be 5-10 lb less than you normal set . that say , my girlfriend who do not do a ton of free weight work and instead focus she work out on cardio and yoga get a really strong burn and be even sore the next day . thus far she be find that the shake weight have seemingly be pretty effective as a addition to she routine and something that be very valuable . point being , different people will get totally different result . personally , I think the product be pretty interesting and I 'll probably continue to use it at longer interval , but I honestly do not think you 'll end up look like the fitness trainer if this be all you do . also I might feel differently if there be a slightly heavier version of the product or on that require more effort to shake .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the product be well-made but nautilus , maker of bowflex product , like many fitness equipment seller , have integrity issue . my stand be obviously a return . the box be poorly retap . when I open the box , the bubble pack with the screw , nut , and washer be open as a person would open a bubble pack by peel off the paper backing . the hardware be scatter all over the box . after sort the hardware and search the box , I be short two washer . there be a small scratch on a leg of the stand . I do not mind a return , but at least , check the stand for nick and miss piece , and retape the box so a return be not so obvious . actually , care about you customer . the building of the stand take I three hour , but there be no problem . the instruction be clear and after I finish I have a quality product to hold my dumbbell . it be a matter of be organize and patient . I use my dummbbell three to four time a week . the stand be essential . when work with 45 pound in each hand , pick these dumbbell off the floor be ask for a pull lower back . the Bowflex dumbbell and the stand be excellent . nautilus suck .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this thing be complete junk . unless you be virtually incapacitate you will not get any resistance from it . it weigh literally a pound at the most . it make a god-awful annoying noise that you never hear on the infomercial . unless you upper body be so atrophied that you would have a hard time pick up a salt shaker , you be probably go to need a bit more resistance . and if you be go to waste you money on this thing , I would suggest you pick a good pair of ear plug too !
Dumbbell	POS	4	the weight be great , easy to grip and well make . the stand be make from pretty cheap plastic and I be nervous about it stay upright . but for the price , I be happy with what I get .
Dumbbell	POS	4	these be as expect ... thrill ! and , love the stand ... make they more accessible . anything that make exercise easier to get start work for I !
Dumbbell	POS	5	as long as you can get past what it look like , the shakeweight be a great product that actually work . be you go to turn into a bodybuilder , no. . however , after just a week or so of do the 6 minute dvd , I be definitely tone to the point where it be noticeable and my arm definitely have contour that they do not before use it . for $ 30 and 6 min a day this be a slam dunk . Fair warn though , they be 6 intense minute .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this beat all other rack hand down for the size and price . very sturdy and fit all dumb bell 5 - 45 pound .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I have notice a few people mention that these can be expand at a later date if need , but the Sportsblock 2.4 be probably the only powerblock set that can not be upgrade with extra weight . if you be like I and be use this for a training program like p90x , go with a bigger set that go up to 50lb instead of try to save yourself some cash upfront . re-sell these and buy a heavier set be not cheaper in the long run . I have also have the same problem with the pin slip out during use , particularly with the lighter weight . it be a little concern and I tend to find myself worry about whether the pin be go to slip out rather than concentrate on the exercise . my suggestion would be to go with a heavier set -lrb- or double check with the manufacturer that whatever you get can be expand -rrb- and to make sure it have a secure fastening system . it might take you a little longer to change the weight , but you 'll be thankful in the long run .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I admit I be one of those people who send the Shake Weight video around as a joke to my friend the first time I see it with the tagline : `` who the hell would actually buy this ?! '' I dismiss it as one of those stupid as see on tv product that be destine for landfill after a short-lived stint in some sucker 's living room prove it a waste of plastic . then I read a glowing review in a fitness magazine and I decide I have to give it a try . after three week , my arm be considerably stronger and more tone ! my husband still make fun of I when he see I use it but I be enjoy my new muscular arm , so I guess I will have the last laugh ! I recommend this product , but advise you to take it easy during the Shoulder Press exercise . if you feel pain in you shoulder - stop and save yourself a serious rotator cuff injury !
Dumbbell	POS	5	three word describe what I think about this product . love , love , love . I love how easy it be to put together , I love how sturdy it be and I love the price . I be able to put it together in very little time . my one complaint be the plastic and cardboard the nut and bolt come in open up before it arrive to my home . I be miss one washer , so the manufacturer could improve there , although I really like the picture on the cardboard , do not even need instruction . I have 8 set of weight on it now , start at 5 pound and increase in 5 pound increment . I be a little nervous on how much it would hold , due to how inexpensive it be . I have no need to worry , it work great and look wonderful in my home gym . I highly recommend .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love my shake weight ! honestly one of the best -lrb- and quickest -rrb- upper body workout I have ever use ! I buy mine about a month ago . slack in the beginning , but I have be use it faithfully -lrb- once a day -rrb- for the last two week , and I have already see a difference ! I be a little upset that I do not do it everyday since I first buy it ! if you think about get one , definitely do ! it be worth it ! -lrb- head up : the dvd say six minute , but it be really ten ! -rrb- so what be ten minute a day ?! = -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	what can I say , Cap make some great quality dumbbell . I buy a few of these to add to my collection . the larger you go of course the more expensive . I just wish Cap continue to produce these locally in store . I try to purchase through Sears.com who carry many weight but they shipping be by weight , for 3 set of dumbbell that total 130 lb the cost to ship be thousand of dollar literally . through Amazon I purchase the same weight and shipping be free . Love Amazon Prime .
Dumbbell	POS	5	well build , powder coating finish look 's great . all part wrap and easy to put together 25 minute . Dumbbell 's easy to get on and off rack do to design .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the Bowflex SelectTech 552\/1090 dumbbell stand be great . very sturdy and easy to put together . the dumbbell fit perfectly on the stand and the wheel make it easy to move . very pleased .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the unit work . Shake weight for man . you must do the shake yourself . however the comercial be mislead . it look as though the unit be self drive . it be not .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight range on these be perfect for I . it be easy to change the weight and not too bulky .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	if you be look to get a workout , this be not the product to buy . it do not work , do not waste you money !
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a nice dumbell rack . it be easy to assemble and look nice . appear to be extremely well build and a real good value . I see it in person at a Sports Authority . one thing I like about the offset tier be that it be easier to get the dumbbell in and out . do not add a lot to the depth , but it make a big difference . very pleased .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase this when i first start lose a lot of weight , i be 220 pound , get down to about 170 and my body look so much better but my arm be just as big as when i be 220 -lrb- i be measure every week -rrb- coincidentally I encounter this problem right around the same time the shake weight come out - i have to get it . my arm be as big as my leg and everything else i try do nothing ! not even 10 minute a day , maybe 5 , every day for 1 week and i have lose 2 inch off my arm ! within like 2 month my arm be proportionate to the rest of my body : -rrb- and its a way fun product to use as long as you dont use it around a perverted guy LOL .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love the Shake weight and the seller be great . I receive the package in 2 day . thank you
Dumbbell	POS	4	price be not great relative to store as many have comment , but I live in a small town hour from a good sport store . I buy these because the price be better than most of what be available online . good selection of weight and overall , good dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you have the Selecttech Dumbells the stand be a must . it be not difficult to put together and be much easier to set the weight and grip\/lift the dumbbell
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a must buy if you own a set of Bowflex dumbbell . I do not quite understand the frustration everyone else be talk about with the assembly . yes , it be not the clearest set of instruction in the world , but it be really straight forward . if you look at a picture of the assemble stand , you should be able to figure it out without a problem .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I too be very skeptical that anything could make you much stronger in just 6 minute a day . follow along with the man 's version dvd actually take 9 minute . wife and I do the workout together 2-3 time per week and I be use the man 's weight 5 time total each week and have be do so now for 5 week . we both agree that the dvd in the man 's weight be much better . man . . do not believe in any review that foolishly tell you to save a few buck and just buy the woman 's weight . unless you have absolutely no arm\/shoulder strength at all , the lighter weight will be a true waste of money . I buy the woman 's product first and it be way too easy and I be no big muscle type . even though I use both a Weider Crossbow and a Trimax machine 2-3 time per week year round , this amazing little gizmo have give I substantial strength gain especially in my shoulder . there be 4 basic exercise and all four heavily utilize the shoulder . as a runner for 42 year , I have marked increase in power in my armswing and as any runner know , when the arm die ... the leg soon follow . the tv add may look a little silly but the Shake Weight really do work and it only take 9 measly minute out of you likely busy day . try it several time and follow the proper form on the dvd and you will be totally impressed ... first by the amazing burn you 'll feel in such a short time , and then by the eventual strength gain .
Dumbbell	POS	5	well im a guy and not really mature , but i be question about buy this . my first thought be `` lame '' , the obvious look like they guy be -lrb- blank -rrb- ing off a -lrb- blank -rrb- . but i be curious and lookd at other review and think id try it out . all i gotta say be damn this thing be a work out . i play football and other sport and i have never feel a burn like this every . honestly i cant even finish the 6 min work out . well i could but i cant keep up the pace of motion the thing i start off at the beginning . . this thing kick my @ $ $ . . show a couple of my friend that have same point of view and they be amaze as well . . i still think it look like u know wut but i dont care anymore . its a sick work out . . just clear the tough guy mind you get and give it a shot ... u might still think it look like the thing ur thinking but youll know it work ...
Dumbbell	POS	4	as a graduate student living in a apartment , I do not have a lot of money or space for exercise equipment . fortunately , these take up practically no space -lrb- they be easily store in a closet or even a drawer -rrb- and be worth every penny . they look nice , provide a comfortable grip , and be perfectly adjustable . my only complaint be that the plate clink around a bit when you move the dumbbell around ; I have find that add a bit of padding -lrb- a wedge of cloth , for instance -rrb- can cut down on this noise .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I work out at home use dumbell and a number of bodyweight exercise . my dumbbell collection have grow cumbersome and messy , so I look around for a way to organize these dumbell in my room , and this rack be perfect . I do look at a number of rack both online and in rl , but the majority be way over my budget , have crippling shipping charge or be too limit in term of they capacity to space ratio . I be just about ready to fabricate my own when I find this on Amazon . after read the review and crunch the number , I decide to give this a shot . I be happy to report this have completely solve my dumbbell storage problem . \*\*\* this rack arrive a couple of day before anticipate ; with the use of a single crescent wrench , I put it together without assistance in the space of a hour or so . well within 2 hour of open the box , it be in place and hold weight . it be solidly make of heavy gauge steel and quality weld cover in a tough tactile coating material . the construction method be of simple carriage bolt and nylon insert locknut assembly . it ship with rubber covering for the foot and all orifice . \*\*\* the actual dimension of this rack be 36.75 '' x 24 '' x 32 '' -lrb- W x d x h -rrb- . add at least a foot to the height for the minimum workable usage space -lrb- for lift the weight in and out -rrb- . I have fill it be available space with set of 10-50 # dumbbell in 5 # increment . for the past month , it have hold 540 # and remain absolutely rock solid . from the feel of the thing , it could hold easily twice this weight without issue . \*\*\* Highly recommend for personal use or even tight boutique space .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a good addition for the SelectTech dumbbell and bench . the quality be good but some of the bolt in the seat be at a difficult angle to install . the fit and finish be good but there be a small sharp bump at one of the soldered joint ; that be easily fix with the blunt tip of a pair of pliers . the instruction be easy to follow and the stand feel solid . the castor wheel do not have to be use but be a nice option to have . I would recommend it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I want a set of dumbbell that I could use at home and that would not take up too much space . when PowerBlocks be release , I think they would perfectly meet my expectation , I choose , however , not to purchase PowerBlocks and instead buy the old fashion dumbbell bar that permit weight to be add plate by plate . these have be great except that weight change be time consuming . so , after several year of wait , and after have read the many positive review about this product on Amazon , I purchase a set of PowerBlocks . I recently receive the PowerBlocks and have be use they ever since . without a doubt , they have meet all of my expectation and be one of the best fitness purchase I have make . powerblock take up minimal space , weight change take only a few seconds and it have be excellent have a weight range which go down to 3 pound . that last point may sound strange , but I generally would not spend money on weight weigh less than five pound becuase of how infrequently I would use those weight . here , I get the benefit of have those weight without have spend the extra money on the same . I do not have anything negative to say about this product . in fact , my next purchase will be the 5 to 50 pound classic set . I also want to say that I be not affiliate with PowerBlocks or any other fitness company - I be a attorney . I mention this because I believe that many review - either heavily positive or heavily negative be either write by person affiliate with the list product or , in the case of a negative review , a competator 's product . in this case , I be simply a happy customer .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a woman so I buy the shake weight for woman but as I use it more and more , I realize eventually I will want the heavier man 's model . do not get the man 's 5 lb shake weight unless you know you can handle it ! the 2 lb woman 's model be great ! I can see the difference already !
Dumbbell	POS	5	theres so many joke about this thing that why its so big in the market give it a good rating cause it work like it should if you use it right . for the people who work out use it to warm up then regular work out in between rep use the shake weight wooooww what a difference it will make to you body !!!!
Dumbbell	POS	5	these PowerBlock dumbbell be great . they be compact and switch the amount of weight be really quick and easy . we also have the Bowflex adjustable dumbbell , but compare to the PowerBlocks they be large and cumbersome . I wish I have get the PowerBlocks to begin with ! the only thing that could have make this product better be if it come with the holder and\/or stand . I do not knock of any star for that , though , since it be clear from the product description .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the first order I recieve be miss three shelf and screw that be strip . I notify Amazon and be promptly send a new rack . I purchase this item new but obviously the first item be not . I be a little disappointed that Amazon do not give I some form of credit . in the end I recommend this product . it be sturdy and be easy to assemble .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	the stand be plastic and the plastic have rust spot and be not break off correctly so it make it more difficult to put together . the weight themselves have a lot of divit in the rubber that cover the actual weight , they look terrible . it doesnt seem as though the company plan on call I back about it either ... .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you definitely get a great workout with the shakeweight . I be very iffy at first just from commercial , but with a new year , I want to try a new thing . it be a six minute workout , and you feel it in the first 45 seconds . this product be definitely worth it and I be excite to use it more !
Dumbbell	POS	5	upon weigh the accessibility of the gym near I against the cost of membership , I decide to try figure out what step I can do at home to aid in get start with fitness . I look up some exercise online for dumbbell , and then search Amazon for some starter kit . I be weak . I admit it . so this seem to be the perfect beginner set . the free shipping alone make this a sweet deal . the weight arrive extremely quick and before the original expected date . the stand be a bit flimsy , but it be small enough to be push into a corner and seem to hold the weight with no trouble . the weight themselves be comfortable and the perfect size for I . I think this be a great tool for any beginner to get start with .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	well , order these from here and they come in prompt . once I open they I realize how much they smell with toxic petroleum chemical . -lrb- look in description it say that this chemical cause birth defect -rrb- so I keep they for a week to try to air they out , but they end up stink up my room so bad that I have put they out in the hallway before my roommate yell at I . so unless you have a good open space\/deck\/balcony where you want to air these thing out I strongly recommend stay away from these . I even wash they with detergent too as these be greasy . . do not help . there be other type of dumbbell that have other type of rubber coating that do not smell . I would try those , but I be so over rubber after these . Amazon have to send a truck here to pick these up . order plain iron dumbbell hopefully that should all be good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this thing yesterday and use it right away . it look really stupid to use it , but that be what door be for ... privacy . anyway , I notice right away that this thing would work . there be 3 basic exercise : the double-front hand , single hand side , and behind the head . for each exercise you hold it in the correct position and shake it from one end of the dumbell to another until you can not shake it anymore . I do 3 set of each exercise , and my muscle be still burn half a hour later , which be how you can tell if you get a good workout . it isolate the muscle extremely well . it advertise that you can get a great workout in 6 minute , but 15 minute be more desirable because it get you heart rate up longer . it be well-built and durable , but like anything else the better you take care of it the longer it will last . it be lighter than I think it would be , but feel much heavier as you use it . one very important thing be ... use it correctly . there be a dvd and a diagram of how to use it and use it correctly make a big difference . I be very happy with this because I love work out , but I have middle back problem . the Shake Weight do not bother my back at all , but still give my arm , shoulder , chest and back a great workout . it be exactly what I need . whoever invent this deserve a Noble Prize !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I make fun of this weight when it first come out because the workout look ridiculous , but then i research into the product , read many rave review -lrb- and many also claim it be a ridiculous look workout but that it work !! -rrb- and how this thing have work for they . I like work out but my busy shedule limit I from do hour of workout so with this 6 minute workout i can fit it right in before i go to sleep . I feel the burn and my muscle be sore the follow day . I will come back and review this again after a few month to tell of the outcome of this product and how it have work for I . but so far this product be do it be job .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	there be a reason that exercise gadget like this one be a billion dollar a year industry . none of they work , so they keep make new product . you do not lose weight , and get tone , rip etc. , with a gadget . you do it by work hard . which you can not do with this product . buy a real weight set instead .
Dumbbell	POS	4	let I be up front . I be 48 year old and overweight . because of a hip problem I get out of shape because there simply be not a good work out that do not require hip and leg action . so I see the ad for the Shake Weight and laugh . 5 pound be go to make a difference ? right . then I be in a video and see how awful I look and decide for $ 20 buck it be worth try . six minute , 5 pound . ok , do not sound tough , so I boot up the dvd and follow along . 30 seconds in I feel the burn . 1 minute in and I be sweating and burning . I will get to six minute eventually , I hope . this thing work . my goal be not to look like a body builder , just to tone up and slim down a little . do not know about slim , but tone ? yes , this thing will do what be say . the only con be that it hurt to grip . I have small hand so maybe that be the problem , but a better handle shape would help .
Dumbbell	POS	4	the selecttech 552 stand be a sharp look piece of equipment and be easy to set up . do not let some review scare you ... if you can pick up a tool and look at a picture , you can put this together . a little pricey , however , consider what they charge for they dumbell . this stand should be include .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake weight do work ! but only for specific goal . this will increase muscle size and strength in weak individual . this will decrease muscle size and strength in those who already use they biceps\/triceps . it be that simple . my girlfriend use this and claim `` I can feel the burn '' not realize what actual body building\/muscle grow be all about . she be simply fatigue she muscle and since she be so weak , it appear to work . so do the shake weight work ? yes , it can work . but you be better off get a pair of dumbbell , 20lb each , and work you way up to increase the weight . just go to bodybuilding.com for a couple month at least 4 time a week and you will learn a lot about body building , loose weight , etc. . I only give this 5 star because it be a high quality product but a bad idea , like most popular thing you see on tv . by the way , you can get some cardio in by use the shake weight and jump around or do some squat with it , yes 5lb squat while jack off the air behind you head .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I recently purchase a set of bowflex 552 dumbbell during black Friday and immediately realize the need for a stand to place my weight on . unfortunately , I could only find one stand that be compatible with this dumbbell set -lrb- I like have option to compare between -rrb- . one comment I have read on other review be that the stand be hard to install and the instruction be not adequate - I have no issue with the either the installation or instruction . it take I about a hour to setup . pro : - will save you body from bend over to pick up weight - sleek look con : - cost conclusion you have to have something to place you weight on , and other than make a shelf or put they on some type of table\/stand , this be the best thing out there . recommend if you can afford it . fyi - if you do not care about the look of you gym , you can simply place these weight on top of the styrofoam that the dumbbell be pack in . do not look good and not as sturdy , but it do the trick for the first month before I cave and buy this stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be now week six for I . I can not believe my eye . I use it everyday . I can only do one minute behind my head for my triceps because it burn so much . I have increase from one minute to three minute in front for my biceps . I try this because $ 15 be nothing after ready that many people love it . I think if you be a gym rat , this be not for you , however , many woman have really poor arm strength and this be a wonderful start . my arm be tone and the fat be disappear . I have lose one inch on each arm because I measure it before I start use it . once this become too easy , I plan on buy the man 's Shake Weight .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product be horrible . it do not do a darn thing other than make the fat in you arm jiggle . I try this product accord to instruction for several week and see absolutely no improvement . as a woman in my 20 's who spend three year as a personal trainer , this thing be useless . buy a set of 5 pound weight . you 'll save money and actually get result .
Dumbbell	POS	5	buy this to compliment the 552 I already have . upon unwrap , I notice some minor scratch on some of the part , but not a big deal . installation be easy and straight forward use a socket wrench along with the supply allen wrench . installation take about 45 min include unboxing . once complete , the stand feel rock solid with no play at all . it come with lockable caster wheel which I do not install , but definitively useful if you find the need to roll it out of the way . recommend to anyone with a set of 552 or 1090 dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	give a nice little upper body workout in short order . can not beat the price to value ratio ! Deliever very fast !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be go to my local masseuse for a while now and I always try to tip she well , but lately she have be a bit lazy and just have not be give I the best massage at all . I be give she this for she birthday -lrb- she say she be a leo -rrb- , in the hope that my next tuus na body rub session be more satisfying and she muscle more in shape when it count .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the rack be easy to assemble , it look `` gym '' quality and be reasonable price . it be perfect for a home gym set-up . I be extemely please with the quality and ease of assembly .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I just start the Chalean Extreme workout program and this set of dumbbell be perfect for the routine !! the weight be compact and easy to use . and the best part be they take up very little room in you home .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I like this dumbbell even my kid sart work with it . you can workout while you be watch you tv or talk toyor family nice color combination
Dumbbell	POS	5	it be a workout build the stand but I love it . the stand pretty much save my back during p90x super set . I should have buy it earlier . bring it !
Dumbbell	POS	4	nice set of weight . one of the dumb bell come with a strange yellow sticky material on the end that I do not notice until I have open the package and place on my mat . it leave a stain that can not be remove . I have to wipe down the weight but other than that , I have a pleasant experience .
Dumbbell	POS	5	over the past two to three year I have buy pair from 10 lb . to 60 lb . I have be very happy with they . they be solid , the handle have a slightly checkered grip which be nice when you hand be sweaty . if you have look at other manufacturer 's you may have notice the size of comparable weight can vary , less costly weight be usually larger than the cap 's . the cap weight be a reasonable size until you get beyond 60 lb , in that case , well , they be just plain big .
Dumbbell	POS	5	Ok , for starter I be a 22 year old in the military . I work out every single day . I can do 60 pushup and situp in a minute and over 30 consecutive pullup . as for Olympic training I be in the gym three time a week . I have to admit when I first see this product on tv all of my buddy and myself hock at it . it look like you be work out to perform oral on someone . in fact , the day i buy it in best buy I stand there for ten minute debate whether or not I should pick it up , for fear that I might be see walk from the store with it . I begin use this product in January and now month later I can say that I be highly mistaken . initially someone who perform rigorous training on a daily basis might scoff at a product like this , but do not be too quick to judge . I use this nearly every day for the past 4 month and I be see result that I do not think I would see . it do get easier to use after a extended period of time , but it be perfect for when you be sit on the couch and you feel the urge to be active . there be cut all throughout my arm and the outer portion of my chest have even bulk up a bit . if you be the type that will just drop a workout after a couple of day , then do not know waste you money . however , if you can remember to do this every day and build the pattern into you life , you will be throughly impressed . guy do not be turn off by the image it portray of you , I assure you the image you will be cast will be much better after a couple month of use . I have never be a big guy but this thing have add muscle in place that have be difficult to gain and I be not the guy I be before use it . many people have make remark about the definition in my arm , most of which can be attribute to this product . again , if you want another weapon in you arsenal against obesity this may not be it , but it will help the guy who do not have much fat and the definition gain will be see very clearly . I highly recommend this product , just make sure to apply yourself on a daily basis just like any other workout . good luck , get fit !
Dumbbell	NEG	2	Notice description show 3.5 pound ... it weigh 2.5 pound ... submit to Amazon , see if they will correct the ad ... it be not weighty enough to `` burn '' my muscle ... my old hand weight be 4 pound already , so probably why ... be great weight for a beginner child , like age 12 , when first learniing to correctly use to avoid injury
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have not use the shake weight a ton yet but I think it will definitely work . it take a lot of effort to shake it . it be a lot harder than I think it would be . yeah , it be not go to work you whole body , but I think it will do some good for you arm . and , it be fairly inexpensive and do not take up much room .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I have purchase both the shake weight for woman , and version for man . . they do the same thing , and do give you the work out that will `` over time '' give you definition and size . . I dont think the market need a Mens version , and to charge $ 20 more for it be label for man do not convince I either . I purchase to see if it be in fact a drastic improvement verse the original , and I didnt notice any such variable that would make I recommend it over the ORIGINAL Shake weight that be market towards woman . I mean before the male version come out , Charles Barkley a TNT guy be co-sign the female version during the NBA season . . Nuff Said ! lol !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I purchase the Shake Weight , I know full well that I have to do the shake . its a sad thing that so many people buy this product , think it be a machine that shake itself . you have to work for it !!! however , I say do not buy this piece of crap because it break . it do not break when I be work out even ; no , it be sit under my desk and I be rest my foot on it and the end just pop right off . do you want that thing to fly off into you face people ? this thing be a hazard , and I be lucky . I would hate for someone out there to actually be work hard with this thing when the end fly off and suddenly , you need a nose job . save your money people !!! if there be a rating less than one star , I would use that .
Dumbbell	POS	5	these weight be as good as all the review . Easy to adjust and seem to be very sturdy . you just have to make sure they be sit on a hard surface or the pin will not want to slide back in properly .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I buy these dumbbell a few week ago and I have be very happy with the quality . I use they for walk and some light tone exercise . they have a nice grip and the weight size be perfect for I . I love the fun color too . the set come with a plastic rack that hold the dumbbell togehter nicely and keep they off the floor . I will be buy some more set to give away for x-ma !
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be look for adjustable dumbbell then you know the price vary but hover around $ 300 for a set . the powerblock be the best . I just start p90x 2 week ago and i have to change weight so quickly these thing be awesome ... in\/n\/out , 5 seconds later i be ready to go with a new weight and talk about space-saver ; OMG these thing take up no room at all . they be pricey but you will not regret you purchase unless you leave they sit around to get dusty : -rrb-
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack take up about the same amount of space as a small dresser . it hold all of my husband weight and be a very good purchase .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have find this product to be very hard to use . I do not think I be a uncoordinated person but I can not get this to work as it say in the video or show . it be stressful on the neck muscle . I have not see that it improve my arm muscle at all but I be give it a chance .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	I normally read review first before purchase a item but figure I be pretty safe with some light-weight dumbbell . I wish I would have read the review because now I have only 1 dumbbell in 3 different weight - thanks Amazon ! maybe just a note to buyer that the purchase be NOT for a set - which be normally how light weighted dumbbell be offer . now I be stick with purchase the mate which now make the item not such a good buy after all , it would cost too much for return shipping - ugghh !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	that be all I can say : useless , do not buy it . I be give it no star , but , it must default to at least one .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very please with the price and performance . not foolproff but simple check assure no mishap with loose weight .
Dumbbell	POS	4	excite to receive the Shake weight that my husband order . I like it . Easy to use and very portable , I can take it anywhere . I like the fact that I can just pick it up while watch tv and not even notice it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a little embarrassed about buy something so hokey expect it to work a miracle . I have be use it six minute twice a day . it take about two week to get up to six minute , it be not that easy . I be in my late 50 's and my upper arm have no shape at all . I have try free weight and tone exercise but any woman over 50 know it be almost impossible to see result enough to stay motivated . it be be six week and my uupper arm look better then they have ever look . I have not wear a sleeveless top in decade , now I wear they all the time . Laugh and scoff all you like about this silly thing but if use every day you will get result . I now do not mind use heavier free weight to get more definition but I do not mind if I do not , I be happy with no flab arm , definition or not .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I receive what I purchase with this . it be a 20 lb dumbbell . the only thing I be not happy about be that it be only sell as a single dumbbell instead of a pair . I misunderstand this when I order . I like the grip and it seem like the hex shape be easier to use than other dumbbell .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	it be too hard to hold on that every time when I be use it , it hurt my hand on mtp joint on the rear thumb . should have some sort of soft grip to protect hand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	my friend get the 50 pound Powerblocks and recommend I try the 24 pound one . I have have my PowerBlocks for a couple of week and use they with the p90x program . I love they . they be super easy to adjust , and the set-up time for lift weight go down exponentially . instead of have to move multiple set of weight , I just have to move one set ! also , if I find I choose the wrong weight -lrb- too heavy , too light -rrb- , they be quickly adjust . the 3 pound increment be convienent too . my only complaint be that I be not flexible -lrb- wrist do not be like it should -rrb- and sometimes my wrist hit the side bar on supination curl . other than that , I do not even notice the side bar . I highly recommend the PowerBlocks !
Dumbbell	POS	5	by far one of the best exercise equipment investment I have make . the review other have write speak for this product . the only complaint I have and it be more of a nit-picking , be the metal can make a clank sound from hit together when perform various lift . however , the clank sound be definitely not loud or distracting . I have use these dumbbell through 6 round of p90x and they still perform & look like day 1 . the label on top & plastic color label to slide the pin in be still like day 1 show no sign of peel , crack , or discoloration . the actual pin & elastic string that hold the plate in place be both hold up like day 1 . I have never have a pin even slip or even budge from hold the plate . I know they will last forever therefore will be purchase a nice stand to keep they at a better height for r&r; .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have this rack for a few year now and it have hold up extremely well . it be in the garage where it get use 3-5 time a week , get wet , and abused , however , I have have absolutely no issue with this rack . it be well make and high quality . I would buy this rack again in a heartbeat .
Dumbbell	POS	5	when the commercial for this item start pop up I start do some research on the Shake Weight . Amazon and other site give it high mark , but the clincher for I be when I start talk to three member of the Central Michigan University Football team . -lrb- one of they be actually go into the NFL draft after graduation -rrb- they be stay at the same hotel we be , and be use it in the fitness room . to a man , all three of they swear that it work and do a great job . I do a few exercise with it and then order my own the next day . I have be use it for a week now , twice a day , and I can tell you that it do work ! I notice a tightness and slight tremble in my arm for some time after the very first work out , similar to the feeling of lift weight for 45 minute or so . I be on the north side of 50 and I have be work out in one form or another my entire adult life . I have also try most of the out-of-the-box portable exercise device - band , isometric , Bullworkers , as well as push up , pull up , etc. . I can say that the Shake Weight be by far the best portable exercise device I have ever use . I be definately sell on this product . there have be some comment that it do not work . if you can not feel result right away you be probably do the exercise improperly . five star plus ...
Dumbbell	POS	4	Ok so i order the shake weight from the Amazon store and i just receive it , im not gonna go through the hassle of s & h. when I open the box , i be as exit as a little kid in a candy store , i mean who would not be ? so i start use it , think that that be how you turn it on -lrb- do not read the manual -rrb- but no luck , so i put in the dvd and it do not say anything about turn it on , so i get angry and start read the manual and it say and quote : `` unlike the impression create by the rapid motion of the device , the Shake Weight be NOT battery power , the user generate the movement . '' I use the shake weight for about 15 min and i see that it actually work , the only reason that i rate 4\/5 star be because in the commercial nor in the description mention that it be not battery power . they have to be specific about thing like this . but this product do work , you just have to do the movement . also do not watch the dvd , just look at the popular shake weight exercise and you 'll get it .
Dumbbell	POS	4	this be not a bad price , and it come with a dvd to show you different way to use it and diffferent excersize technique but after about 3 month I get tire of it , just like any other work out equipment . I do not see much progress and I use it about 3-4 time a week but if you be the kind of person who work out 2-3 time a day 5-7 day a week this might work better for you . it sure do make my arm sore so I be sure it do something !
Dumbbell	NEG	1	its horrible an ut not wht its mean to be how can i return it
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great find for we aerobic program . it be very sturdy , yet it be small enough to fit inside we equipment closet and the dumbbell stay organize ! I have to say - the folk at Amazon really help out . at first , this be go to cost $ 140 for shipping alone from any other wholesaler\/retailer . Amazon come to rescue by find it for I in they supplies and they ship it for free with Amazon Prime . Amazon be great !
Dumbbell	POS	5	why do I buy into this fad ? well , the concept behind the weight be actually ingenious . I have be use it for the past month and have see tremendous result . the six minute a day work into my schedule and my arm , back , and shoulder have never look this good .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be a 59 year old woman and I be not sure if I would like they but go ahead anyway . I just love they , they be great and I have no regret whatsoever . I would recommend they to anybody . there be a 15 year warrenty on they . I usually workout on a bowflex but these feel like I have do a much better workout . I buy the rack too and I think it be a plus . with the rack the dumbbell be at just the right angle to get a good grip and it be much easier to set the weight desire . I be afraid they would clank together and make a lot of noise but they do not . they feel like solid weight , nothing move like some dummbell I have try before . it be very easy and fast to select the weight desire . I only wish I have buy these before my bowflex gym . I like my bowflex but it do take a lot of room . a set of powerblock and a bench would be all I need to keep in shape . oh well live and learn .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase a set of these high tech dumbbell several year ago and the plastic material cover the weight plate have become brittle and be now crack and fall off . I wish I have spend the money on a set of plain jane , low tech and indestructable dumbbell .
Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be start from zero and have back-of-the-arm flab , this thing will get you a measurable result if use DAILY for a minimum of two week . if you buy it and do not use it , it will mock you from its hiding place , remind you that no result come from a lack of hard work . this will take about 8 minute out of you day . not a huge amount of time to see result this good . Perfect for people with limited space to work out . well-made item of hard plastic with chrome end . yes , it look silly when you use it . do not do this or most other exercise in the hope of look dignified . do it to get rid of flubber arm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent product for the money . since it be one piece nothing can loosen and fall off . they be coat with , I be guess , a epoxy . it have a smooth surface a will not rust . so they be no maintenance , and do what they be suppose to ; what more can you ask . a good value .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this item be just what I be look for . its simply make and easy to use . Great for quick one handed workout .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I get this cheapo barbell set at the same time I get a weight bench the best fitness bfob10 . however , this be not logn enough to fit the width of the barbell support , you can place one plate on the outer side of the support , but the other one be dangerously on the inner side if you catch my drift . I can not think of a better way to put that , but then again , I be not Roger Ebert . I will now have to get a more ` standard ' barbell and use this one for curl and such . maybe I can use the weight plate on a different barbell assume they have the same diameter . I assume that all barbell fit all weight bench , but I guess I live in a perfect world in my head . next time , I will know ... so buyer beware . on the whole , it be a good product , it come in a BROWN BOX !! that be all tape up for extra support I suppose . it be kind of awkward to lift and carry around and I think I throw my back try to lug this around . maybe if they have a smarter -lrb- and more expensive , as it always be -rrb- way of packaging this to where you could lift it safely assume you do not have a buddy . . and my poor UPS guy shoot I dagger cuz he break he back haul this thing and a weight bench on the same day lol . all in all , okay product but for the price , great product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	you can use the dumbbell without this stand but bend over to pick they up will soon grow old , not to mention the strain you 'll be put on you back . pricey , but well make and of quality material . assembly may challenge some but follow the instruction and you will not have any problem .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very happy with these hand weight . the color of the weight I receive differ from the picture - I have pink , blue , and purple . nice grip and plastic stand be easy to put together .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have see great improvement in my arm from this shake weight . arm be no longer flabby . it be easy to use , I always exercise to the include dvd , only 6 minute . this work much better than equipment at the gym and traditional weight .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I order two of these dumbbell to do physical therapy exercise . my grip be weak and the neoprene make it easy to hold during any exercise . the number 5 on each end do not look as if it will last very long , but I have have that problem with vinyl dumbbell as well . the neoprene coating seem a bit thin , so it may begin to show wear sooner rather than later , but I definitely expect to get a few year of use from they . I do not really care about aesthetics when it come to these weight . they be both purple , as state , -lrb- darker than the current picture on the product page -rrb- and that be fine with I . the bottom line be that they be comfortable to use , have hexagonal end so they do not roll away , and overall be worth the cost . I will buy more of this brand .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I order what I think be a set of 2 barbell , after all , who buy only one barbell ? apparently , I do because when the shipment arrive , it contain only one . I be irritated with myself for not check the description more closely , but I be also annoy with Amazon for not make it more clear that the barbell be not a set .
Dumbbell	NEU	3	First of all , you really need some type of stand to set you SelectTech weight on , and this be probably the one you want since it be make specially for they . the construction be good and solid . it come with solid foot and with caster . you can attach either , depend on whether you plan to leave it in place or need move the stand about . the stationary foot be fine , but the caster that come with mine be very flimsy and too lightweight . they deform under the load when the weight be put onto the stand -lrb- 552 's -rrb- . the wall of the casing hold the wheel flatten some , make it hard to roll the stand . I end up throw these caster away and buy a set of heavy duty caster that be design to take the weight . I can roll the stand easily and smoothly now , but higher quality one should have come with the unit . if you do not think you will be move the stand around , this will not be a issue for you , as the solid foot work well . my other complaint be that I would like to see the stand just a little bit higher , as some other reviewer have mention . I be 5 ' 10 '' and have to stoop just a little when pick the weight up . it be not a big deal because I do not have to bend much at all , but it be something I have to be aware of and careful about because of lower back weakness . another couple of inch in height would have be perfect . but overall , I can recommend the stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I 'll keep this simple . the weight themselves be weighty . the cover make they easy to hold , and exercise with they be fine . I have absolutely nothing negative to say about they . the stand be basic plastic , but be sturdy and do a fine job of hold the weight in a compact manner . come with a extra screw too , in case one vanish . if you be look for a basic lightweight set like I be , you can not go wrong here .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive this stand free with my dumbell . the stand be well build and be a usefull addition to my work out room . the stand be easy to assemble . so easy that my 14 year old child assemble it with out my help in less time than it take for I to take a shower . the only thing I would like to see different on this stand be I would like it to be about 10 inch taller . I be over 6 foot and the stand while still very usable be a bit on the short side . it should be the perfect size if you be in the 5 foot range . still be a bit shour it be much better than store the weight on the floor . the wheel make it nice to move it around when I want to vacuum or just have it out of the way .
Dumbbell	POS	5	very happy with the rack - no more dumbbell clutter . have 270 lb . on it and it be sturdy . be easy to assemble .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this item . it work out you biceps , triceps , forearm and chest . you can even use it as a dumbbell for bicep and triceps curl . I highly recommend this item for a good upper body workout . also it be very inexpensive .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I be not sure if it be really do a ton of good but i continue to use it along with my regular weight . I think for some of the exercise you really need to be balanced , so have something in the other hand seem better to I . hopefully in the next couple of week I will see some result . I would recommend this product , but as I say have some thing in the other have be a plus .
Dumbbell	POS	4	you will `` feel the burn '' if you use the Shake Weight accord to direction . it will harden up you arm , chest , and choulder with continue -lrb- and proper -rrb- use , but do not be fool by the commercial . they show these huge bodybuilder dude use it and act as though they have just complete a pentathlon . believe it or not , not everyone will see through this exaggeration . the Shake Weight will , as I say , harden you up with continuous PROPER use , but it will not take you from couch potato to bodybuilder as the commercial seem to suggest . it be a decent workout on you schedule . overall , I be happy with the product , but not happy with the commercial ; it be market a little too well ...
Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be one of those product that will collect dust ! I find it very difficult to use as direct and be concern that I could hurt myself with it !
Dumbbell	POS	5	I put it together and put a bunch of weight on this rack . let I tell you it be build sturdy . for the price you can not beat the quality either . very happy overall .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great set to use at home on the day that I do not go to the gym . ship be quick , item arrive 5 day prior to the estimate delivery date . the weight be make of great material . the stand be a little cheap but I do not buy this set for the stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	just a quick note of the selecttech 552 Dumbbell stand as I be very pleased with the quality and the fabrication of this equipment , even though it be make in China . also one of the reviewer make it sound as though it be like assemble a space craft . it be very easy and well instruct for assembly all you need be a Allen wrench which come with it and a adjustable wrench or to make it really easy a 9\/16th wrench . also Amazon have the best price and I have never be disappoint with they service . this stand will save the lower back and well worth the money , if you be serious about exercise with the Dumbbells .
Dumbbell	POS	5	thank you for the fast service . the dumbbell rack be even better than I have hope for . great design and quality overall . I love it . I will look forward to do even more business with you in the future . I hope this review help other make they selection .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy the set , because my trainer have the elite set , which I like . I receive the set damage - plastic be break and plate be off on one of the block . fortunately , Amazon take the set back ; however , I do try the block that be not damage , and it do not feel as sturdy as the elite set . I be surprised especially with all its great review . I end up reordering the 45 lb set instead .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be a great deal . you can not beat the price with the free shipping . I receive it less than a week after I order it . it be just as they advertise and better than I expect . the rack it very sturdy and be pretty easy to put together . I do not notice any bad smell as indicate in some of the other review . I be very happy with this rack . it be exactly what I need .
Dumbbell	POS	5	buy this for my girlfriend it work great and she love it just use it as much as pssible and it realy work graet
Dumbbell	POS	5	I do quite a bit of product research and decide to order the rack . read several good review . I be very pleased when the rack arrive . assembly be straight forward and take about 30 minute . appear to be well build , good metal , and good weld . very stable and handle the weight . excellent buy consider the price and size .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this have to be one of the best investment I have make . I use to buy a specific weight dumbbell think that I would use it for a while before increase the weight . when I start p90x , I realize that I need multiple weight and I need to be able to change the weight fast to keep up with the video . this be where the PowerBlock weight shine . the transition between the weight be flawless -lrb- with PowerBlock Sport Tray -rrb- . I be hesitant to spend so much money on dumbbell , but I can not imagine have multiple set of weight all over my house that would probably cost much more . I have to mention that the magnet design in my opinion be superior to the Bowflex SelecTech dumbbell for a couple of reason . as mention before by other review , the SelecTech be a little on the bulky side and create awkward movement in you workout because you 'll constantly be try to avoid contact with the dumbbell . it be kind of hard to explain , but the Bowflex dumbbell extend wider with add weight . my friend have the SelectTech and he always have to wear tight clothing so the gated part of the dumbbell be not catch in he shirt . another problem be that the weight selection dial break when all my friend do be drop the dumbbell inch from the ground . I think the quality would be a little better than that . it take he forever to get a replacement . this be the main reason why I look for a alternative . I never have any such problem with my PowerBlocks and it only take I a couple of try to memorize the color\/weight indicator . the weight always seem secure and I can do multiple workout in less time with a each switch of my select weight . I recommend this product for anyone who utility multiple weight do workout -lrb- which be pretty much everyone -rrb- . you will not regret the investment .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I have a whole set of these , from 10 pounder to 45 pounder . they be a great fitness aid , as they be immensely portable and can be use in any room of the house , while watch tv , or next to you computer desk . there be a wealth of exercise one can do with simple dumbell : curl , bent rowing , overhead extension , etc. . if you have a bench , there be even more . believe it or not , a home body builder can get a pretty decent workout from a limited set of these dumbell . they be relatively cheap compare to other brand . I recommend they . Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
Dumbbell	POS	4	I use it once a day for six minute . my arm be start to look beautiful and get in shape . it really work .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	the weight come be a cardboard box that be partly open due to the weight break the cardboard . there be no clamp to hold the weight on the bar result in the weight be unusable in a safe manner .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these dumbbell from a local dealer instead of Amazon because of a sale . I have be look at the Bowflex select-type of dumbbell as well as these . after try they out at the store , I be sell . they be easy to manipulate and sturdy in construction . one would think that a square dumbbell would get in the way of do exercise -- this be not the case . the handle be in the middle of the box and the side tube be pad for comfort . I just finish a hour long dumbbell workout a few minute ago and it be everything I expect : bench press , military press , bent over row , seat curl , triceps extension , dumbbell deadlift , upright row , dumbbell squat , etc. . . all of these exercise be perform use this product . no problem encounter at all .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I see this on tv the same day i see the Neck Slimmer . no way would I ever buy it from the tv . I go to target , and there it be , for -lrb- ... -rrb- , and I buy it . I go home , put in the 6 minute dvd into my laptop , and use it . I could hardly keep up . I guess I have weak shoulder . I wake up the next morning , with soreness in my muscle of my arm , in tiny muscle that be not often use . day 2 , I do the same thing , and my biceps be more shapely . this be a amazing product ! I belive in this thing , and I be glad I find it at target . I do not like my arm , and nothing seem effective . the shape Weight be effective . I be go to do it every day -lrb- in the comfort of my own home , without a suggestive expression , as the woman on the infomercial have . hide it from my son 's immature friend . -rrb- it be not a joke , it really work . for 6 minute a day , it be surprisingly effective . I do wish it be market a bit differently so that it do not look to be funny , but effective . it work , and do not listen to a bunch of pervert who say other thing about it . it work , it work , it work . I love this product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	after try out a variety of dumbbell over the year , this be now the one I recommend and the one I be certain I 'll always stick with . I feel as though this design be make by someone who actually work out or do market research as to the complaint of other dumbbell prior to manufacturing . here be some difference you 'll note in these : \*\* Neoprene coating where other have shiny vinyl or metal that cause the dumbbell to slip from you hand during a sweaty workout or at the very least make it difficult to grip , these be coated in neoprene which be not slick but still do not collect dirt and it easy to clean . even better , it protect wooden floor when you set they down in the midst of work out ... or whatever else you might set it on . metal dumbbell leave scratch . hexagonal design : where other dumbbell be typically round for no good reason , the fact that no matter how you put these down or how you hold they , they will not and can not roll away from you or roll off a table etc. be for sure a plus . easy-to-read weight : whereas many dumbbell have the weight raise on the metal surface , these be simple to see at a glance when you choose you dumbbell if you have multiple set . better yet , all the weight amount be color code in different color of dumbbell so even if you can not see the number , you pick up the right weight in a flash during some fast cardio move . Stylin ' : sometimes bright cheerful weight equipment be just a bit more motivate and fun for work out . I be lookin ' at you , royal purple set ! plus a few set kinda brigthen up that workout room . I have no complaint ... my fave .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I first get the shakeweight on 01\/3\/11 and have be utilize it 3-4 time a day . now I have be work out for year and have fall off the workout wagon for a few month now and think about get the shakeweight to help reignite my motivation and tone up my arm which be 16 inch but with no tone . now that I have get the SW , I 'll be change that . but , the SW would be most effective in it be include into one 's routine as oppose to do it solo . I have be do my bicep curl and tricep extension and hit the sw afterwards and with the dumbbell building , and the sw toning , you 'll get a good workout . I be sure after another week of this , I 'll be do the sw in rapid fire motion for a much longer duration gradually until the whole workout be all rapid fire motion . feel the burn ! feel the burn !
Dumbbell	NEU	3	I guess I be be a bit petty but here go . I order two-three pound weight . the weight be both 3 lb as expect . however , they be blue but totally different color of blue . as I say , I be probably be petty but when I order something I expect it to be the same as I would purchase in a store . therein lie the reason for a rating of 3 .
Dumbbell	POS	5	this be the perfect dumbbell set for home use ... compact , flexible , easy to use .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be compare this to the Body solid gdr363 which be slightly more expensive , but since I need two I go ahead and get this one . honestly , I have no complaint . it be incredibly sturdy , look good , and be easier than expect to assemble . no need to get anything more complicated or expensive .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I use these in my indoor gym and the rubber coating protect my hardwood floor from scratch . I have the cap barbell weight on my barbell 46 lb . bar and they resist scratch on my floor as well .
Dumbbell	POS	5	high quality . Easy to assemble . look and work great . glad I buy it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I find this product to be of excellent quality and a very good price compare to similar product . the stand while somewhat thin and light weight it hold well and do the job . the design make the set easy to place in a limited space . overall I be very satisfied with the product .
Dumbbell	POS	5	weight come exactly as picture -lrb- aside from the fact tht the description say teal , but the pic be like sky blue ? -rrb- ^ . ^ ultimately no complaint . I definetly reccommend . also get it with Prime and you get it in a day . seriously .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I get my shakeweight today , and I love it ! it work pretty good as well on what it be for . I would recommend to anyone who want to gain muscle !
Dumbbell	POS	5	assembly be pretty easy and only take about 20-30 minute . May need a socket wrench to help tighten some of the bolt . set up the dumbbell on the stand be easy and the dumbbell work great on the stand . I would recommend to anyone who get the SelectTech DB 's to definitely get this stand .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive the Shake Weight for a Easter gift . I have be work with it every morning for about a week - be careful with the single arm exercise , as some other customer have warn to do , and I can see a difference in my arm already . the 6-minute work-out do produce a fairly deep burn feeling in my arm muscle , but I have notice that I recover much better while I be take collagen :  Bovine Collagen , 120 capsule  most of the complaint I have read about the Shake Weight would probably be eradicate if a user view the video instruction , which come with the Shake Weight , before attempt to use the weight . it require practice but the Weight do work - if you do .
Dumbbell	POS	4	I have be use the shake weight now for about a week and a half . I use it about 5 time a week and have feel a difference in my arm and chest . I have notice toner arm and a difference in my chest muscle . so , for I it do work . the only bad thing be that once you have achieve a certain level you can not more weight . as a recommendation to improve and `` maintain '' tone I would recommend the item .
Dumbbell	POS	4	... there be no question , this type of all-in-one adjustable multi-weight dumbbell be extremely attractive in term of save you space and money versus buy several set of fixed-weight dumbbell , and save you the tedium and time of change plate on conventional dumbbell even if you use those tension spring-clip . however , do not expect perfection ... the inevitable downside be that the double-pin mechanism use to change the weight on these powerblock can itself be a little tricky at time . definitely not ideal if you be into high-intensity training -lrb- multiple set at different weight level without any rest period in between each set -rrb- . in fact I prefer the change mechanism on the Bowflex dumbbell though as the other reviewer have state , the Bowflex dumbbell be not only considerably more expensive but also have suspiciously flimsy design and build quality in comparison with these powerblock . so in a nutshell , if you have the space and money , I would still recommend spend the money and space to buy several set of hexagonal fixed dumbbell ... the speed and convenience be still far superior , especially for high-intensity workout . if you do not have the space and money to do that , and can not or do not want to go to a gym , then these powerblock be indeed the best available option I have ever come across . keep my finger cross that at some point in the future , technology will have evolve to create a truly quick and easy one-touch weight-adjusting mechanism !
Dumbbell	POS	4	exercise with the Shake Weight make you look ridiculous . it be true . but forget about that . the first time you manage to finish the six-minute workout routine , you 'll realize just how effective it be . the Shake Weight be not motorize , however , which many people seem to expect -lrb- even I do -rrb- . you be the one generate the motion of the dumbell . you be the motor . the dumbbell itself be well-constructed and obviously much easier to use and store than just about any other piece of home gym equipment . at only five pound , I do not have high expectation for the kind of workout this thing would produce - but I be definitely please with the result . even after only three week of do six minute a day , I have see improvement . my triceps be more solid , and I be start to get a bit of bicep definition . it be a pretty good feeling get noticeable result from just six minute a day ! the bottom line be that for $ 30 , you do not have to worry about look ridiculous . just try it .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I read a few review about build this say it be tough , so I be wonder what I be get myself into . the instruction be a breeze , there be 3 different long screw , and as long as you place they next to each other , you can tell the size difference . it take I about 15 to 30 minute to build this with a 9\/16 '' ratchet wrench and the allen key they supply . Make sure you have that wrench or a adjustable though . its pretty sturdy , I opt not to put the wheel on as I will not be move it at all . it alleviate tension off of you lower back and make it easier to place the 1090 dumbbell in there holder without mis-alligning of damage they . definitely recommend if you buy the 552 's or the 1090 's . I have see it online on Amazon between $ 129.99 and $ 148.99 . I purchase it at $ 139.99 because I could not wait any longer .
Dumbbell	POS	5	dumbell be great , and the result show well . the side chip off a bit if bang together a little . but the product be good and recommend if you be look to workout you arm .
Dumbbell	POS	5	the bowflex dumbbell stand make life much easier than use they from the ground which I be do prior to get the stand . it be easy to put together and be heavy duty since the weight be 90lb \/ each . the other nice feature that I be not expect . the stand come with wheel to make move it much easier .
Dumbbell	NEG	2	i baught this think ok one of my trouble spot as a woman be my arm , well ... its boring , its funky weight and shape to use , the instructor Lindsey creap I no insperation to keep use the video . . now the dog like the use it as a chew toy . i have have WAY BIGGER result with boxing glove and bag work and jump roaping with weight on my arm . i wouldnt recomend this except as a paper weight or chew toy ... plus my guy friend give I crap with there pervert mind its dumb
Dumbbell	POS	4	after receive the  Shake Weight Dumbbell  my arm be sore , but not so much that I could not continue use the shake weight . I believe that this product can work if you stick to the 6 minute work out every day . pro : short Exercise ease of use con : look ridiculous
Dumbbell	POS	5	I be look for a rack for my dumbell and see this one on Amazon . I read most of the review and most be positive review . I look at other rack of this quality and they be all over 200 dollar . this be a good deal since shipping be also free . this rack be sturdy and well build and hold my weight just fine . I would recommend this rack to anyone .
Dumbbell	POS	5	I love this rack . I just get it . it take I a while to set up , about a hour . I reposition the horizontal slat on the top rack to face each other so that they would hold my weighted ball . this rack be just the right size and very solid . Mine turn out a little crooked because I think I tight a few of the rack to much so I have to redo it a couple of time which probably add to the set up time . if you can get help to put this together you would probably do a better job put it together than I do . for those you decide wether or not to buy a rack with weight or a adjustable bowflex select tech system . I would have to agree with the other poster if you have the space I like this better . I find the bowflex clumsy , large , and awkward and not so great for certain excersize , . . like the lie cross body tricep extension . also if you can go to a store that sell the bowflex select tech and try they out . they do not seem that well make more plastic component than I would have expect . I buy the rubber coated dumbell in the picture I post here on Amazon . great price -lrb- esp . if you have Amazon Prime I get free 2 day shipping -rrb- . this rack be wonderful for the price , easy to set up , and well worth the investment to you health . sweat on everybody !!
Dumbbell	NEU	3	they be call 5lb . dumbbell . as in , more than one . it would be nice if they could have say that , instead of surprising I . who sell one dumbbell ? who even use one dumbbell ?
Dumbbell	POS	5	in the process of set up we little home gym . get a treadmill and these be the first set of weight we purchase . they be so much better than the free weight in gym . the material be solid but have a nice rubber like exterior that be very comfortable to hold , do not cause callus skin on the palm or finger -lrb- major problem I have with the gym 's free weight -rrb- , and they be also sweat absorbent to some extent . the last feature be crucial because it avoid the weight from slip during workout . admittedly these be light weight dumbbell so the chance of they slip be much less . I wish these be available in slightly higher weight category as well . I check several store and they say that these be only available in the lower weight , I guess till around 20 lb or so .
Dumbbell	POS	5	great stand . . look great . . do it be job . . easy , clear instruction on assembly . . only 2 size of screw long and short -lrb- 7\/32 allen wrench -rrb- . . all the same size nut -lrb- 9\/16 -rrb- -lrb- use a deep socket . . make it really easy -rrb- and washer . . note when put the caster on you 'll need a -lrb- 5\/8 -rrb- open end wrench or you adjustable to tighten they . . it take I just under a hour to fully assemble it . . wish I have get the 1090 's instead of the 552 's . . maybe another day . .
Dumbbell	NEG	1	hus my wife and I have be try to get the shakeweight to shake . maybe we need practice or help . we be just look for a tool to wake we up in the morning with a little exercise , so far no good . so far its similar to shake a heavy piece of wood . where be the shake ? we would love to hear from someone who know 's how to work it . be there a trick to activate it . we do realize it do not shake by itself , but once you start it , be not it suppose to continue shake ?
