Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Flashlight	POS	5	we have two of these flashlight , and keep one in each car . the size fit comfortably in the hand plus it be a little shorter than the 2 d cell maglite . the weight be also a very nice feature , in that it you could hold it in one position much longer than you could a flashlight that might be just a few ounce more in weight -lrb- say a 2 or 3 d cell maglite -rrb- . the beam of light it produce be very good for a 2 c cell battery power flashlight . in fact the beam of light that it put out be not that far from the 2 d cell maglite , and with the led upgrade there should not be any difference between it and a 2 d lead maglite . but I be just guess here since they would both 3 watt lead flashlight . anyway it really be a great flashlight and believe that they 'll out last I ; -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	we be stand around a campfire several year ago and someone ask to look at my husband 's Mini mag Lite . when we friend be return it , we joke , `` do not throw it in the fire ! '' well , guess what ? he toss be a little short , and into the fire the mag Lite go . as we stand there try to figure out how what to do next , the mag Lite simmer in the hot coal . when we finally extract it from the fire , my husband turn on the switch , and to we utter amazement , it still work ! sure , the plastic disc at the end be completely melt away , but the metal casing be totally intact and the flashlight still work perfectly ! how many flashlight can do that ??
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy this flashlight after see all the advertising for Maglite . what a disappointment ! it be small and put out maybe 20 lumen of light , if that . the lumen be so low that Maglite never even list the lumen on any of its product , unlike its competitor . this thing might make a decent booklight but that be not what I buy it for . for the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer I could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent flashlight that will withstand the hard knock at a construction site . we use it to inspect down deep into the form wall -lrb- shutter -rrb- at U.S. Embassy Construction Sites .
Flashlight	POS	4	I initially have trouble insert the battery because the spring keep fall out . after the battery be successfully insert , the flashlight work as expect . I buy the flashlight for my camping trip . it fit snuggly in my shorts pocket , yet provide very bright light for the walk from the tent to the wash room . I highly recommend the flashlight because of its small size and bright light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several of these Mini MagLites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . I have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- I do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do I own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... I keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , I keep a regular Mag-Lite in the trunk , too . I keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . I keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . I keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . I learn my lesson in the 1994 Northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for AA Mini MagLite , 2-pack
Flashlight	NEG	2	I expect a lot from a maglite . this one be very underwhelming . I think my two biggest problem be 1 -rrb- the HUGE hole in the light beam in the center , and 2 -rrb- the method of turn the light on and off . first the hole in the center of the beam be very large . as in , you have to hold the flashlight off center to see anything . it be literally a ring of light , not a disc . I end up focus the side of the ring on what I be look at , and in turn , use about 10 % of the light create . other small led flashlight just perform much better . on to the method of engage the light : to turn it on , it have the very old method of turn the head , in order to screw down to the battery . this be innovative in the 70 and be extremely out-dated . none of the other , full-sized maglite use this , they have a very handy button to turn it on and off . the flashlight that I replace this one with use a button on the base , and it work great ! this one turn on while in you pocket and drain the battery . speak of the battery , how can a lead burn through battery so fast ? in a single word , this flashlight be simply `` underwhelming '' .
Flashlight	POS	5	all the mag lite share solid aluminum construction and rubber o-ring seal .  what set the minus mag off from the other mag lite be its size -lrb- easy to hold with tooth while work under car , sink , etc -rrb- and one little known feature - `` candle '' mode . you adjust the beam focus by rotate the minus mag 's head , but if you continue turn the head pop off ; you be leave with the handle and the expose bulb , which be now throw light in all direction - it be a `` candle '' . flip the head over , place it on the ground\/table - it be now a `` candle holder '' . Stick the candle into the candle holder . instant candle for camping . -lrb- these direction be actually on the minus mag 's packaging , but it be not until I have buy my third minus mag -lrb- one for car , kitchen , daypack -rrb- that I notice . this be actually a great trick to show other minus mag owner ... they also throw they packaging away without look it -rrb-  two minus mag in the candle mode do a good job on a picnic table at night ... so get two of they ... they be cheap .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a wonderful light that will fit easily in most purse and have a powerful light for such a small package . highly recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	I already have the battery so i just need the light , but wow what a nice flash light . for the money you cant go wrong .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have purchase 5 unit . they be a excelent value and make excellent life time gift . I have 5 thankful friend that I think enough of they to purchase these for they .
Flashlight	POS	5	awesome must have for Mag Light fan . put one anywhere you might need a light . garage Door , basement , Golf Cart , ATV , Truck , Car , Boat and so on . hold light very tight and secure . Mount on a golf cart to use as a headlight . many application for this well make product .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I rate this item a two , because when I receive the ITEM IT NEVER TURN ON . since it be not work I decide to RETURN the item and get my money back . the RETURN WAS not a problem at all I get refund on the total amount I pay .
Flashlight	POS	5	maybe you be a cop or security guard , maybe you be a guy who live in a place where you can not carry a firearm , maybe you be just someone look to fill the ` use of force ' void that exist between shooting someone the bird and shoot they between the eye . any way you look at it , let not beat around the bush here ... anyone buying this light be do so for one reason only , the ` light ' aspect be totally secondary to that one reason . it be a club that double as a flashlight . so , how do we judge it on the objective criterion ? as a whuppin ' stick , it definitely work - so well that some ` kinder , gentler ' Police Departments do not even allow it anymore . Kind of a bummer that they discontinue the thinner 6c ; bar find one second hand and pay a real scalper price for it , the 5d\/6d be the pretty much the only ` in production ' option in the mag line for a `` big defensive flashlight '' but that be ok . unless you have very small hand , the 6d be perfectly controllable . it be big . really , really big . the light itself be about 19.5 '' long - a foot and a half - in total . when weight down with cel , it be heavy , too . you will want to tread lightly with this , as it definitely would generate enough striking force to fracture a skull , break bone . be damn sure you be legally justified to use it , if you ever do use it . you can hurt someone with it . it be do cut a pretty intimidating profile . walk around with one , it be almost as if you be carry a bat . in some situation , this be ok . in other situation , where draw attention to yourself be not the desire outcome , you would definitely want to leave this one home -lrb- in this regard , probably worth note that give its weight , this be essentially a two handed club . I be a large guy who have decent enough work strength - swing a six d-cel flashlight with one hand be pretty slow go . slow enough that you might risk you adversary grab on to it -rrb- as far as brightness , it be bright by ` bright enough ' standard . not bright enough to impress flashlight geek who obsess over marginally relevant technical detail on internet forum , plenty bright for average Joe to use for real world stuff . unless something have change , these be still ship with incandescent bulb , which be not anywhere near as bright as a good led -lrb- for example , the Maglite 3d lead torch be significantly brighter -rrb- ... of course , let we not forget the reason we buy this in the first place . the ` flashlight ' part be a secondary consideration , or , a primary consideration inasmuch as it allow we to carry it around in place where the same thing absent the flashlight function would be consider a unlawful bludgeon or club . if you want to juice the light aspect up to balls-out bright , terralux make a upgrade that turn the thing into a portable sun ... it be pricey - three time the cost of the light itself - but it do add a monumental upgrade in brightness -lrb- 700 lumen -rrb- , which can be quite practical . if you shine that into someone face , they be either turn away , or , if they be really determine to keep advance , they 'll be do so blinded and\/or with they eye close , at which point we option the ` club ' functionality . I do not throw around the five star rating too often , but this be a five star piece . right now , as of October 2010 , with Amazon free shipping on purchase over 25 , you can get one ship to you door for right at 25 buck . be this worth 25 buck ? hell yeah .
Flashlight	POS	4	the name `` Maglite '' have always be , to I synonymous with quality -- I have be wear this one on my belt for several year now . it be small , light-weight and have a powerful light for something this small . the beam be quite bright for a flashlight this size , and the `` candle '' mode be a nifty feature -lrb- especially when the end of the flashlight fit into the upended top -rrb- . it help I more than once , especially when in a crowded elevator during a minor power outage . my parting comment to all who be in this elevator with I - `` why do not you have a flashlight with you ? '' my only gripe -- the nylon belt-sheath , which be durable -- not only allow the flashlight to fall out in some situation , but it do not keep the rotate head of the flashlight protect . more than once someone have come up to I to say `` Umm ... you belt be all light up !! '' I solve that problem by sew a -lrb- rip-stopped -rrb- strip of nylon onto the top of the sheath -lrb- back to front -rrb- , and attach velcro to the end of the strip and to the front of the sheath , so now my maglite stay securely in the sheath . would I buy aother Maglite ? sure ! I would like to eventually buy the whole family of Maglites -- from tiny to huge . they do the job and do it well .
Flashlight	POS	5	buy as Christmas gift for my brother so I can not attest to the performance , but I do not expect any problem . arrive in a timely manner and in good shape . good look item .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have a five d-cell maglite since 1986 and it be still work great ; I have only have to replace two lamp within that time . I be a scoutmaster for year and the boy call my flashlight , `` the Sun '' . when they would try to sneak off I could always find they ... the flashlight light up the whole mountain or I could narrow the beam and spot a boy nearly a mile away . I buy this six-celled maglite because I be tire of always have a lone battery with my five-celled light because battery be not package in odd number . that in fact be my recommendation to you to buy a six-cell maglite rather than a five-cell so you do not have a odd battery go to waste . I now have two great flashlight one be under my bed and the other be on my refrigerator where they be always available for emergency and light up the whole dang town if I have too : - -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a high-quality product that I use very often . I keep this flashlight near my bed so that I do not have to switch on the light and wake up the house in case I need to find something at night . it have be work great so far like all maglite product . I like the different light-switching mode that it offer and find that this make it useful when I be in the wood and need to signal someone .
Flashlight	POS	4	as a police officer , I can say , that this flashlight come as a integral part of a standard equipment in any police patrol car in Israel , and it stand the hardest task and condition , one of the best choice the department have make , the only flaw be the recharge socket , I wish they will build somthe stronger that would not break all the time .
Flashlight	POS	5	this lite be better than many other flash lite because of the switch ! -lrb- twist switch -rrb- . i get mine about 6 year ogo and use it alot !!! very heavy use ! its be turn on and off hundred of time and still work great ! i do have battery leak in it before they be dead ? do not know why they leak ? it have be drop many time . i do have to clean the switch from dirt and the leak battery . there be 2 way to clean the switch . first way be easy . you just turn off the reflector = candle mode . then you twist the top part that have the bulb in it . with the battery in will clean it most of the time . pressure from the spring push up on the battery make the switch contact . if that do not get it clean then what i do be take the battery out and remove the bulb then carefully pry up the bulb holder on both side at a 180 degree angle . it have 2 plastic post that friction fit . once apart clean the connector and underside lip so it will make contact . i have do this 2 time and reassemble with no problem . even flash lite that cost 10 time or more may not last like this minus mag because of the switch wear out or get dirty and not make contact . but most switch i see you can not clean they they do not come apart . also they be a different kind ot switch . i put in the 3 lead bulb and love it . battery last longer and it be a white lite . i have a $ 50.00 lead lite that be nice but allready after turn it on and off about 75 time i notice it be start to get worn . once and a while i have to push it 2 time to get it to come on . if you want a lite that will last this be the one !!!
Flashlight	POS	4	Update : I be too harsh when I write the original review . in fact , I buy two more to have handy in case of power failure . if you use a flashlight for work , say plumbing or cabling in darkish area , the lack of a single button be a pain ; for a reliable light that keep the battery fresh a long time , this be a good buy . + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + good , solid little flashlight , and very bright . just be aware that there be no button ; you must rotate the head to turn it on , mean you need two hand . this be not the flashlight to keep by you bed at night , because if you hear a sound and have to reach for protection and the light , you will be fumble to turn this on . yes , it be possible , with practice , to turn it on with one hand -- if you hand be large and strong enough -lrb- but not too large ! -rrb- . another situation : if you be out walk in the evening and a car start come towards you , a button to turn on the light quickly be much better than fumble around try to twist the head . of course if you hand be sweaty or you have put on some lotion and suddenly need a light , again , you need two hand , and even then , you be fumble . on a postive note : one way to measure a flashlight 's quality be by how well it preserve battery when not in use . this be almost as good as its d cell sibling , and much better than any other aa flashlight that I have use . battery stay fresh in this a long , long time .
Flashlight	POS	5	I need a small flashlight for a trip to Australia -- something that would easily fit in the one piece of luggage I be allow -lrb- in this case , a backpack -rrb- . the Mini mag Lite be perfect . it be very small -lrb- about six inch long and maybe about as thick as a cigar -rrb- but have some weight to it . it be not flimsy at all , and I be not worry about it last through the trip . the flashlight come with battery -lrb- very nice . -rrb- and a extra bulb in the little screw-on cap on the end -lrb- also , very nice . -rrb- the bright beam can be adjust , and although it do not focus to a very exact point , it focus well enough for my purpose . the candle option be clever as well . all in all , a very worthwhile purchase , and recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite be a little late get into the lead market , but this little light be a good value and the same maglite quality .
Flashlight	POS	5	these mag light bracket work great I mount it on the wall now I can always find my mag light no more look for it only need to use one bracket . there make of plastic not sure how long they will last but for the money there be worth it . there be not much more I can say about they ship and receive on time would buy again .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I do not know what annoy I more the fact that I pay 10.00 for the bulb , or the 10.00 shipping charge . if that be the type of vendor that sell from you sight I will think twice before use Amazon again . I do not mind a person make a profit but that be not only excessive , but sneaky . not fair , I feel that I be have ! Live and learn . Ray
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several of these Mini MagLites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . I have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- I do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do I own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... I keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , I keep a regular Mag-Lite in the trunk , too . I keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . I keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . I keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . I learn my lesson in the 1994 Northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for AA Mini MagLite , 2-pack
Flashlight	POS	5	I love this product because in my off roading vehicle there be no carpet . so have a holder for my flashligh so it dosent roll around be awsome , it hold the light no problem and it be easy to install . I would buy another one if I need one .
Flashlight	POS	4	even though we have to wait a short time due to quantity , the item be ship in a timely manner .
Flashlight	POS	5	the superior lite for a guy or a gal . it never let you down at any season .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have my mag 2 d-cell flashlight for over 10 year now , and it still work flawlessly . while other flashlight have rot , rust , or just plain break , my mag still shine . it be literally the last flashlight you 'll need to buy .  the fact that you can adjust the beam from a broad floodlight to a focused spotlight be nice , though I have find that mine do not focus into a small , even circle as well as I would like .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have this mount hold my 3d maglight at the ready behind my bedroom door and in the kitchen . I live in L.A. , earthquake country . I mount the holder into a stud and they have be hold my mag at the ready for over five year . I remove they periodically to test and or use they . they lock in place very firmly . Mount the light lens down so dust will not collect on the lens . they do not slip out .
Flashlight	POS	5	the 2 c-cell maglight be durable and reliable . be a pilot I use a flashlight for all night flight . for safety 's sake I can not afford to have a flashlight with a flimsy switch , cheap construction etc. . Mag Instruments make a great light period .  the 2 c-cell model be a bit large for the average kitchen drawer or auto glove compartment . but it work great for aviation and should be equally suit for boat , camp etc. .
Flashlight	POS	4	I buy this flashlight along with few other stuff to qualify for free shipping . it be worth for the money I pay for .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I go through 6 bulb in 4 month !!! the Surefire g2 be my weapon of choice now : d at least 4x brighter and it be smaller .
Flashlight	POS	5	these flashlight be great . I have be do facility maintenance for a educational program for over 10 year . a major part of this job be unclogg and repair drain , perform minor electrical repair , etc. . I rely on my Eveready Industrial flashlight all the time . they be very rugged , produce a bright long lasting light and be comfortable to hold . the on and off switch be firm and reside in a shallow plastic trough which greatly reduce the chance of it be inadvertently turn on in you tool box . how many time have you go to use a flashlight whose battery be dead because the unit be accidentally turn on ? for the price , these flashlight can not be beat !
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite 6-d flashlight be perfict . I like it . there be one thing I would say , if you decide to use rechargeble set of battery , they be very expensive . would recommend it .
Flashlight	POS	5	my husband be a retired police officer and have be issue a mag light . since retirement , he have never be satisfy with any flashlight we have purchase . he would always complain that they be nothing compare to the mag light . I happen to see this on Amazon and it seem to be a good price -lrb- comparatively -rrb- so I purchase it for he and he be now happily reunite with a mag light . I have to admit that I have never see such a intense light and it certainly seem to be well construct . we be happy with the purchase .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have a maglite on my keychain . I forget how old it be , but almost all the black paint be rub off leave bare metal . it still work on the original led . sometimes the twist-switch get gunk up , and need cleaning , but it mostly still work like new . I can not think of any design improvement .
Flashlight	POS	5	these 12-volt flashlight bulb be difficult to find . the price from Amazon be terrific , and they be here in two day . great deal .
Flashlight	POS	5	we son purchase one of these mag light from another company and rave on it . I want one for Father 's dad and do not have much time . it arrive 2 day before Father 's day and I be thrill to have it wrap . look forward to many year of use .
Flashlight	POS	5	I never know how much my old battery be lack until I receive this new battery and give my flashlight a new lease on life . Amazon also have a excellent price .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the best , most usable flashlight I have ever use . get a bright color or silver so you can find it in the DARK . significant advantage over cheap throw-away light : - aluminum construction make it durable and beautiful . - great size for the hand - relatively light weight -lrb- but heavier than cheap plastic light ! -rrb- - Extra bulb hold within the flashlight ! - take two common aa battery - candle function . neat ! - focusable beam change from wide to narrow and bright . - come with a durable cloth holster . this be my flashlight of choice for around the house , toolbox , camping , and emergency kit . it be tough , reliable , and look pretty nice too . I do not recommend the camo design - it can be easy to lose if you drop it outside !
Flashlight	POS	4	I have slog through my life use one crappy flashlight after another . finally , after I lose power at my house for 3 day , I say enough be enough and purchase this flashlight . it be simply amazing . solidly construct . incredibly bright . Worth every penny . Update : well , my feeling about this product be not so rosy anymore . after about 1.5 year of own this flashlight , it stop work . I open the battery case and discover that the battery be leak . I check the warranty and although the flashlight have a lifetime warranty , the battery do not -lrb- it be cover for only 1 year -rrb- . understandable , but it be unfortunate it last less than 2 year and it be $ 20 for a new one .
Flashlight	POS	5	when I order this flashlight I be unsure whether it would be bright enough to be the go-to flashlight during power outage . upon receive it , I see it be plenty bright enough to be the household flashlight . highly recommend .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this product be exactly what the description state . the clip be not extremely strong , but will get the job do under normal use . probably the best option for mount a maglite to a surface .
Flashlight	NEG	2	my local big box store sell I this bulb for my Porter Cable 18v Lithium flashlight -lrb- model pcl-180fl -rrb- . after about one half hour of continuous use the flashlight stop work . upon open up the lens holder I discover the bulb have melt through the bulb holder . fortunately , the Porter Cable service rep take pity on I and be mail I replacement part so I can fix my flashlight . none the less , before buy this bulb , make sure it be truly compatible with you flashlight or you may end up destroy you flashlight . the correct bulb for the Porter Cable 18v series of flashlight -lrb- e.g. pcl-180fl and pcl-18fl -rrb- be a kpr 18v 0.3 amp krypton bulb -lrb- Porter Cable part number # 90534275 -rrb- . ultimately what Porter Cable\/Dewalt -lrb- they be the same company -rrb- need to do be release a lead conversion kit for they flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent flashlight light to carry and very durable . I would highly recommend this for a home user or camper very dependable flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	the quality of the leather belt holder for d cell flashlight be very good , I would recommend it to my friend . the shipping be very fast . good product , relaiable seller . thanks
Flashlight	POS	5	this product be one of those rare instance when perfection be nearly achieve . its primary purpose as a light source , and a adjustable one at that , be well know and without equal . the quality be impeccable , and that law enforcement officer utilize they , be a testament to they reliability .  however to minimize this marvel of engineering to a source of portable light , be to commit a injustice . like many item that have become the very definition of they product niche , they original task , become one use amongst many .  joggers\/runners\/walkers : we have all see the aforementioned progress down the street carry a stick to ward off any overly enthusiastic , allegedly domesticate , pet . now other than throw say stick in the hope the quadruped in question will chase it , I do not think it will deter a Doberman , Ratweiler , or pit bull . with the likelihood of have one swipe at self-defense , on the off chance you connect , unlike a stick , this will get they attention . if two be carry , you can save the cost of those bag of buckshot that serve as weight when velcroe around the wrist .  one reviewer , -lrb- a friend -rrb- , mention how `` cute '' the tiniest of these be . no argument here . however , in the event of a assailant , anything larger than a Gerbil , and you be out of luck . but unlike those pouch people have be wear around they waist , which if I may digress , be the ugliest blast appendage , get you self a snazzy o-ring . you will be on the cut edge of fashion well before the Chanel version appear in `` Cosmo '' . and as far as utility , the next time a officer of the law approach you car , notice what he or she carry , and how he or she carry it . oh yeah , that be why they have they out during broad daylight !  for the Gardeners out there , no more run back for the hammer when a tomato stake need attention . for the Winter Sportsman or woman , this will come in handy when head out to you ice fishing shack and you find a layer of ice over you fishing hole . one swing and you do , just keep a firm grip , as they do not exactly give these away .  Doorstop , ice-pick replacement , and signal safety light , the use be limit only by you ingenuity . if these be any more effective , there would be a 3-day wait period to buy one .
Flashlight	POS	5	the price at Amazon make it a no-brainer purchase to go along with you maglite . I have install three of these around the house . after six month of active use , I have not observe any sign of crack or yield in the plastic . a few reviewer have mention that they have manage to break a few of these , and this might be cause by improper installation . it be imperative that , when use two clip for a flashlight , that they be perfectly align . if they be out of line by even a few millimeter they will require much more force to place and remove the flashlight . alternatively , use just one clip for at least the 3 cell light seem to work just fine as well . overall , I be satisfy with this product and consider it to be a good value at the advertised price .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be one of the best , and widely use by law enforcement , pretty much as standard . I highly reccomend this flashlight !
Flashlight	POS	5	I be use this light now for 6 month now and it never let I down . it be be drop more than once and submerge in hot water and still work like new .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight , but more than that due to the mass of the three d cell and construction of the unit . change a tire , I use mine to bang the jack and torque off the stuck lug nut . Bareley a mark on the flashlight . highly recommend . the minimag be a good flashlight for the glovebox , and I keep the 3d model under the seat .
Flashlight	POS	4	use this for a week along with the  DEWALT Fluorescent Area Light  -lrb- I can charge battery at a neighbor 's . -rrb- it perform well : bright and easily carry with the battery attach . seem stable on the battery , do not knock over easily . I do not have much cause to use the pivot head but I can imagine use where that would be handy . battery life be decent , but for the price it would be nice if it be lead so you do not have to worry about bulb and the battery life would be longer .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great thing to have at night ! I make trip to many warehouse transport store item to building locate in area of the city inhabit by undesirable people that you have to be wary about . this help I light up area where I be head to , and in my hand , it look like a club for beat people with . that because it be very handy for beat people up with . I havent have to beat anyone with it yet , but the scoundrel stay away from I as if they take offense to the way I hold my flashlight . it look like a club in my hand .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have this for about five month now and so far its hold up good . I test it with the 2d maglite and the 4d maglite and there be never any problem the snap button have never get loose . but when i do receive my package the packaging for it be really greasy .
Flashlight	POS	5	as a 10 year aircraft maintainer in the US Air Force , I have use everything from standard mag-lite , scuba diver ' light , and even penlight in a pinch . I can say this flashlight be brighter than any other I have use . it cut my inspection time in half because I can see thing 55 foot off the ground just like it be right in front of I . do not be fool to think a rechargeable battery pack be not as strong as standard alkaline battery . this be not the case . I would not trade this flashlight for anything !
Flashlight	POS	5	I have four set of these , three in car on one in we garage . I be tire of always have to search for my light which may be under the seat , in the glove box or roll around under the third row seat . I solve all that with these bracket . I have each mount horizontally under the steer wheel column just forward of my knee . once install , the light be out of the way but instantly accessible . the fourth pair hold a maglight in a vertical position next to the door in the garage so it be always in a fix location . Smart solution and installation take just minute .
Flashlight	NEU	3	recently buy this flashlight to keep in the car . the light weight , small size , and inexpensive battery be all a plus . the light output be better than most incandescent flashlight include the original minus mag but not as bright as physically bigger 3w luxeon lead light . light output be very white with a nice slight focus ability . the add feature of remove the lenscap for a nice bright area light be definately useful in dry weather . overall this be a perfect light to keep in the glovebox that be inexpensive and well build .
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase the DeWalt 12-volt nicad pivot head flashlight -lrb- w\/o battery -rrb- . it arrive promptly and be very well pack . it be first quality and exactly as describe . I plug a charge battery in and it work as it should . I use it every day in my work and it be durable and take a lot of punishment , drop , bounce around in the back of a p\/u truck , scoot & drag along the ground , toss from person to person etc. . excellent product .
Flashlight	POS	5	I own too many Maglites to count , and have never have any trouble with any of they . some I buy myself , and some I have receive as gift over the year . I keep they everywhere -lrb- home , car , office , briefcase etc. . . -rrb- , include place where they be subject to abuse and neglect , and they just keep on work . I think they light output be tremendous .
Flashlight	POS	5	I own one black one 6cell maglite piece . in default configuration -lrb- default bulb , 6cell -rrb- it be almost the best flashlight ever make . there be modification like , lead replacement -lrb- original or from Diamond LED -rrb- after this upgrade you will be so surprised how long and even more brighter the light `` sabre '' be . it be also good self defense stick , be careful if you use maglite as self defense weapon . you could seriously break some bone .
Flashlight	POS	4	I be catch by surprise by the illuminating power of this little mag Lite . originally , I think it would only be good in a pinch if the power go out in the house in the middle of the night -lrb- be a California resident , I be all too familiar with blackout -rrb- . however , I discover that the light beam have a significantly longer range than I originally anticipate -- that tiny little bulb put out a unbelievable amount of candle power for its size ! now I know it be good to go both inside and out !  the on-off switch be as easy as a turn of the flashlight 's head . turn it further and you can make the beam as wide or as narrow as you need . or twist the head completely off , and you have get the ` candle ' mode mention in the item description . not only be this good for illuminate a fairly large area , it be also a safer alternative at those candlelight vigil memorial !  unfortunately , I can not personally vouch for the toughness and durability of this product-i handle my minus mag with as much care as possible , and I have yet to drop it on any kind of hard surface . you 'll have to read the testimonial of the other Amazonians regard this nifty little illuminator if you want to know about it be ability to endure the worst a person can dish out !  one drawback : the model I own have a smooth-finish handle , and be not too easy to hold when my hand be sweaty , wet , or -lrb- in case I use it for nighttime emergency auto repair -rrb- oil-soaked . so be sure you get one that have the diamond-knurled grip finish etch on the handle !  ` late !
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite flashlight be renown for they top-notch quality , they waterproof \/ water resistant design , and they extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . the Maglite AA Mini Flashlight be no exception . pro -- - come with a Holster the holster have a loop for thread a belt through . it be well-stitched and make of durable nylon . - waterproof \/ water resistant the maglite be immersible in a few foot of water . - durable the aircraft grade aluminum make the casing of the Maglite extremely durable and completely corrosion resistant . - small and portable the maglite be handy for emergency , hike , camping and other use - and its small size make it very portable for take it along anywhere you go so you would not be catch without a flashlight when you need one ! - well-crafted and beautiful con -- - incandescent flashlight bulb the incandescent flashlight bulb that come with the Maglite can blow out , especially when subject to extreme temperature . LED Bulb Replacement -------------------- as a aside , the incandescent light bulb can be replace with the  terralux lead flashlight bulb  lead light bulb be brighter , use less energy , and have a 30,000 hour lifespan . conclusion ---------- the Maglite Mini Flashlight be waterproof \/ water resistant , portable , and have a extremely durable exterior . recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	I love mag flashlight , and especially this one .  it be strong , the four d battery dont run out quickly , have a on\/off switch -lrb- unlike smaller mag model -rrb- , and doesnt generate much heat .  when electricity blacks-out , the torch mode of this flash light -lrb- the lense can be take off -rrb- be very useful - I can continue study \/ read \/ write for some while , as the light be strong enough .  i buy it about a year ago , as a small insurance in case the y2k bug would have take the electricity down , and it prove itself useful since .
Flashlight	POS	4	maglite be the best flashlight one could ever buy !!! this flashlight be super durable and great for all type of activity and use . this be definately the flashlight to buy if you be look for one that will with stand all type of condition .
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite have make some welcome update in they minus flashlight . this be a great led flashlight for $ 18 include the battery . very bright for the price and maglite 's great build .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be my third LED Maglite . my family and friend keep sneak off with they because they be so useful and bright . I keep my LED Maglite in my messenger bag at all time . I like to be prepare , and this flashlight be very compact . the flashlight casing be 100 % aluminum . it definitely feel solid , and can survive a nasty drop or two ... or six ... or twenty . the lens be slightly recess and be plastic , but it have not crack on I yet . the lead itself be not replaceable like other non-led maglite bulb - but LEDs last thousand of hour longer than traditional bulb . I would not worry about need to replace it . if there be a problem , Maglite provide a limited lifetime warranty . the beam be surprisingly powerful . I have be able to see thing more than 150 foot away with ease with this little flashlight . I have not have a need\/opportunity to test it at longer distance , but it can allegedly cast light up to about 300 foot . there be also four mode - high-power beam , low-power beam , strobe , and SOS . I have not really need the last two mode , but I find myself switch between high and low-power on a regular basis , depend on what I be do . Bottom Line : - extremely durable . - extremely bright , especially consider it be small size . - four different mode . - limited Lifetime Warranty .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great battery and the price be very good , this battery have more a\/h than the original , which will allow for longer period of use between charge .
Flashlight	POS	5	nice rechargeable flashlight . extra bulb inside light . long lasting powerful light . pivot head , let you put the light be you want it for hand free operation
Flashlight	POS	4	I see Maglite Mini Mags for around $ 10 all of the time . they be handy little flashlight . this model be the older incandecent bulb type flashlight . they be ok , but if you have ever experience a lead flashlight , it hard to be happy with the old style bulb . I be able to pick up my blue Mini mag for $ 7.50 , shipping include . I add a terralux tle-20 lead upgrade for $ 13 . so I now have $ 20 into it . now it have a nice bright white light , about 28 lumen , and the battery life be extend by six time . I figure over time the Terralux lead upgrade will pay for itself in save on battery . if I be look for a new Mini mag , I would probably just buy the newer lead version of the flashlight . I see they on sale for around $ 20 . in my opinion the older incandecent Mini Mags benefit greatly from the led upgrade , thus I only give it 4 star . but I be very happy with my upgrade version , and would recommend the upgrade if you already own a older Mini mag . it be useful when I get up in the middle of the night , and wander around the house . I still have my bigger 4 d cell maglite with a lead upgrade for outside duty , it be much brighter and have a much longer throw . but the Mini mag be just fine for inside the house , and any close range task . I just love the blue anodized color of my Maglite Mini mag flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	the contact be tight and I can see how the bracket would break over time . . for I however , the flash light be be store in a cupboard and only use in emergency . I have only need to remove the light twice and both time I be careful take it out and back in . I be not sure I would recommend these for everyday use . also , I only use 1 clip per light . it be sturdy enough that you do not need both . for I , they be perfect for my requirement .
Flashlight	POS	5	for those of you that own the DEWALT dw919 18V Cordless Flexible floodlight with a dead bulb and look for replacement try this first ... just unscrew the flashlight lens and look right inside the rim ... BINGO ! ... they should be a extra backup bulb right inside the flashlight ... I find this out the hard way after buy the replacement pack ... but if you have already kill both bulb then buy the 2-pack here while you can ... these be kinda hard to find ... and they probably will not last ... these work great so go nutz !
Flashlight	POS	5	I would not have any other flashlight , there be no comparison to mag light in my opinion . its tough , its capable of be a lantern as well as adjust the beam . only other flashlight I use be a heavy duty dewalt that stand and have a adjustable head .
Flashlight	POS	5	Use these ! just when you need it the light be go . clip it and you will always know where it be .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the best flashlight in the world , period . I purchase one about 15 year ago for about the same price I pay for a second one a month ago , about $ 100 . in the 15 year of use I only have to change bulb once . that be it . however , recently the on-off switch go bust . I have send it for repair . I 'll let people know what be the experience with the repair department .
Flashlight	POS	5	product arrive fast and protect well . I will for sure do business again . flashlight be actually brighter than my maglite 2 d cell . I will be order the lead upgrade to increase the brightness even more .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the second one of these that I own , the first be purchase ten year ago and still work great . I have one for home and the other at work in the construction industry . I have drop it and it be be bang around , and still work like a champ . the ability to adjust the light pattern from flood to a beam pattern come in very handy and you will be amaze how far away the beam pattern can light up a area . the hallogen bulb will get warm as they all do , so be careful not to place this on a sofa or cloth product with it still on . it will start the fabric to smoking after some time due to the heat generate from this bulb . this will be the last flashlight you 'll ever have to buy , unless like I , you 'll want two of they . this make a great gift for anyone .
Flashlight	POS	4	I be use mag flashlight for 3 year . it have never make I upset . if you afraid from the dark try mag flaslight , it kill the dark in every condition . rain , mist or dust can not stop it . on the other hand the bulb technolgy be antic . so if you be consider to buy a new one , try model with led bulb
Flashlight	NEG	1	this be a great light back in the 80s but today they just do not stack up to Streamlight and Surefire . if you want a light that be bright , lightweight and white light -lrb- not that old incandescent yellow -rrb- you best bet be to check out other option . you may pay more for other option but you will have a light that be 1\/4 the weight and twice as bright .
Flashlight	POS	4	be use this light for nearly 5 year for all kind of work in attic or under house . I have always be able to rely on this thing for difficult to spot wire or for work in a dark closet when mount panel for security system . the rotate head be also very handy for that perfect angle when work in odd location . I do wish it have a clip or hook that would attach to 2x4 's in the attic . that be the only reason why i only give it 4 star .
Flashlight	NEG	1	Yea if you want to buy something at walmart , its ok . if you be order online , you can do WAY better . ok I be sorry . seriously these thing be bad . they be solidly build on the outside , but they suck . I have break 2 or 3 . I can not really find they all , but trust I , they be break . I just try fix one , and guess what ? I do fix it . then I spray it with some silicone and the reflective coating on the REFLECTOR MELTED OFF . WTF ??? really ? I know these be a couple year old , but honestly . thats just crap . also the black plastic piece around the bulb melt too . the one that say `` DO NOT remove . '' I have to remove it to fix the switch and now its melt . I spend $ 20 on a Cree q5 flashlight . -lrb- akoray k-106 -rrb- order it from Dealextreme . it 'll take 2 week to get to you , but its worth it . 3 programable mode -lrb- brightness , stobe , blink , `` s-o-s-o '' mode -rrb- put in a 14500 -lrb- li-ion aa shape battery -rrb- and enjoy between ~ 5-200 lumen . http:\/\/www.dealextreme.com\/details.dx\/sku.16607 -lrb- they claim its a 6 mode , its really a 3 -rrb- tight on budget ? look up the Ultrafire c3 . 70-80 lumen and $ 10 . http:\/\/www.dealextreme.com\/details.dx\/sku.1993
Flashlight	NEU	3	this be a rare time when the traditional version be better than the lead version . this mag 2xaa lead flashlight have a flash mode feature that start after the light have be on for a while . the light make a ok child 's toy , but it can not be use as a tool . the mag 3xaa lead and d-cell lead flashlight without this `` special feature '' work great . the 2xaa led be a hopeless mess , even after stretch the spring and do the fix other buyer suggest . even the non-led traditional mag Krypton can be use as a dependable tool . ultimately , I suggest buy the 3xaa lead or a different brand . 1-star rating as a tool . 5-star rating as a child 's toy average rating = 3-star
Flashlight	NEG	1	this look at the darkness ring \/ write where small size maglite be dim . if the head of the flashlight which be break that be twist , concern that exactly as for a certain thing , that that it be and change the beam into the dark ring flood where light\/write be put in place appropriately exactly from the fact that it become black it be possible necessary . so be anodize for corrosion resistance and the durability which increase , this flashlight really the automatic operation which remove oxidation as a feature show the type switch of cleaning which rust . while make the application of a bad state where the part of the circuit of low resistance the electric battery be bad possible , the o ring of resistance to class and the water whose each start be high produce effect . the representative of nast free light\/write of the hand of of the convenience which candle mode that be entreat include in the darkness in regard to this flashlight . need the something which dark state be hard , sign of the diamond which be apply that have be break perhaps and be the fairness where where it be turn off and with that of the point in regard to the excessive lamp of help of the tail hat of grip that you attach . you purchase include the electric battery of the main holder and two alkali aa .
Flashlight	POS	5	the previous reviewer say that these be the same as Sears - they be not ! the Sears one be make by Dorcy and do not have the same shock tolerance as the dewalt bulb . I know - I be sucker into the Sears bulb and kill all of they -lrb- 4 -rrb- where I normally can go a long time with the Dewalt . they regularly tolerate shock from the flashlight tipping . the sear one blow everytime ! maybe I get a bad batch , but Ill never buy the Sears one again !
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a good value and a great light it work very well and have have no trouble at all with it . thanks
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a good product . I own a few other of this exact product and I really like they . my fiance want one of she own so I get she this one . it be much better than the little cheap china-made one .
Flashlight	POS	4	First off , greatest flashlight , not only be it bright but it could hypothetically be use to beat -lrb- up -rrb- a burgler , who would be blind by its light ... the mount cradle have a nice easy-in - but firm-holding mechanism , so you just slap it in , but have to use a good level of leverage when you remove it .  it do not come with a extra bulb in the base of light , like many mag do . and , the bulb be not the normal maglight battery , it be a differnt connector and voltage -lrb- 6v -rrb- . I drop mine , which kill my bulb , so I then buy two bulb for it and put one in the spare compartment under the battery spring in the base , where a spare should belong upon purchase . my recommendation be that you buy the extra bulb before you need it , and put it in the base .  it really be great to have this flashlight mount in my storage room always there for I . I would eventually like to get a 2nd to mount in my car for safety etc , and find a good place to mount it -lrb- it come with 12volt car plug adapter too -rrb- .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have 2 of they product . both fail miserably . never get a whole lot of use out the minus because the bulb life and battery life be just terrible . I recently try to upgrade it with a lead kit . forget it . the internal plastic part just fall apart in my hand . I have buy one of they c cell light about 10 year ago . it make it through one set of battery . when I try to replace the battery , the tail end would not come off . it have somehow become weld to the body of the flashlight . I think the part corrode together and get stick . try a vice , channel lock pliers , you name it . anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damage the body . go in the trash .
Flashlight	POS	4	so far this be a great tool to expand the use of we 18v tool battery . I wish that DeWalt would update the tool with either a lead lamp or a Xenon lamp opion becuase the lamp it use be neither super bright nor super efficient .
Flashlight	POS	5	this very portable flashlight be heavy and sturdy . it have be drop several time , with no damage to the glass . the illumination be also quite strong for the size of the flashlight , and will last for several week of use without a battery change . this be easily the most durable flashlight of its kind ; you be likely to lose it before you damage it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I order one of these for my husband for christmas and he love he . I receive mine as a christmas gift from my dad several year ago because he would see I use old junky flashlight that you could barely see in front of you to take my dog out at night . this lite be extremely bright and you can see for a long way , you can not go wrong with this one and I highly recommend it .
Flashlight	NEU	3	not much else to say about the Maglite . Great little instrument . do not expect you battery to last very long though .
Flashlight	NEG	1	after hear all of the tale of mag-aa durability , etc. I be extremely disappointed , the aa model be very dim compare to the more modern personal light I own . it isnt a dependable light at all , after one 2 foot drop to a carpeted floor the bulb blow out . I replace the bulb with the spare , and it blow out when I put fresh battery in . my recommendation be buy one of the new l.e.d personal lights-no bulb to burn out , longer battery life , much better beam quality , lighter and more dependable .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be build to last a lifetime . if you be a engineer you 'll like the design and quality of this product . I be a little surprised that the price be not higher . the aluminum be of a heavy enough gauge to resist ding , the switch have a good crisp feel to it , and the fit of the part be very good . it have a good heavy feel to it -lrb- even without the battery -rrb- . only negative : you have to be careful where you sit it because it will get away from you fast and it be too tall to stand on end . would be perfect with a non-round head shape that would resist rolling .
Flashlight	POS	5	please excuse the length of my review . this be a product I feel very strongly about . `` bear in New York City during the Great Depression , Tony Maglica be raise in he mother 's native Croatia . '' Mr. Maglica be the founder of Mag Instrument , Inc. . he be a very talented leader who be dedicate to keep mag product make in America , and have to be personally satisfy with a product before he release it to the public . he be a shine example of a american success story . I buy american product whenever I can . my truck , my cigarette lighter , my flashlight , my dining room table , etc. , all make within we boarder . mag Instruments have a very large factory in Ontario , California -lrb- not Canada -rrb- that employ over 850 employee . this be a important factor , at least to I . the durability of a maglite be unparalleled . if you have some time to kill , go to Maglite.com and read some story submit by customer . grant , some may be exaggerate , but my mag have roll around in the bed of my truck for week and work perfectly when I need it . I have drop it in a creek while hunting and it never flicker . I have run over it accidentally while move a car and it be perfectly cylindrical . the amount of light produce be proportional to the size of the light . a solitaire AAA be not go to even compare to my 4d `` tire beater '' . it be simple science , but some do not understand . -lrb- important -- -rrb- -rrb- almost every critical reviewer complain about how the mag design be `` outdate '' . see for yourself . they cite that you can buy a brand such as `` SureFire '' and get a much brighter light in a much smaller package . I have a few grievence with that think process : - look at the price of those light . the cheapest `` SureFire '' I find be $ 95 . I , personally , do not want to spend $ 100 of my hard-earned money on something that do not even have a solid reputation behind it . -lrb- -lrb- . . -rrb- -rrb- - I doubt any competitor have as good of a warantee as mag . lifetime mean for the rest of you life . but , I doubt you 'll need it , with the quality of product they offer . - they complain about the size and lack of illumination . as state above , light output be proportional to the voltage of the power system . unless you need a tactical light to strap to you m4 assault rifle to do late-night drug bust , there be nothing wrong with something that actually have some size to it . in my mind , something that turn on every time you hit the switch be more valuable to the hard-working individual who need it on the job , or the individual who keep it in the car in case of a power outage or auto incident . - they say mag have not come out with a new product since the '80 , which be completely false . mag have come out with several lamp upgrade for someone who want led -lrb- I do not -rrb- , or hi-output incandescent bulb . they also have a entirely new product line of compact led torch to satisfy customer such as these . the reason they have not change they original design be because ... it work . it be such a simple system , so there be rarely any issue with it because there be nothing to go wrong . it be durable , reliable , and time-tested . I will never buy another brand of flashlight . mag be make in every size imaginable , so pick up you favorite from you local retailer or order one from Amazon . you will not be sorry . Feel free to comment with any question you may have . all information be cite from -lrb- ... -rrb- or personal experience\/opinion unless otherwise state .
Flashlight	NEG	2	essentially this add up to have a $ 60-ish workhorse powerhouse of a battery on the base , with a rather cheap flashlight attachment that be worth maybe $ 5 . I have have this light hang around for a couple of year from a combo set . it actually work well enough , though I do not often need a worklight . we recently have a 4 day power outage and this be great while it last both as a very bright flashlight , and to point at the ceiling to give some nice general non-glare room illumination . it only last about two hour on a charge be the problem . if anything scream out for a lead bulb , this be it , but at this point DeWalt do not even offer that as a separate bulb . they do sell a 12v lead worklight which sound just awesome , but I do not have the 12v system , I have the 18v . with a lead this would never burn out the bulb . this one will last maybe 10-15 hour which be not what you want in a emergency light with no spare . also if you drop this light the bulb filament will probably break , LED 's be much more robust . moreover , with the same brightness it would go probably 8-12 hour on a charge or more . that would be pretty much my essential emergency light . I would buy two or three . though the gooseneck probably look like the better design . what really kill this be that the head ought to swivel so it could point downward while stand upright on the battery base . you could work at a table or workbench with the light pointed at you work . but this only swivel from straight up to horizontal , which be really not all that useful . in short , wait for they to offer the gooseneck with a led , and get two , it will be super .
Flashlight	POS	4	I buy this at a brick and mortar retailer so I would have something in case the power go out in my apartment ; the flashlight I have be one I borrow from my parent , a 2-d cell cheap plastic Duracell Durabeam which would only stay dimly light if I keep constantly hold the button just right . I buy this on December 24 , 2011 for $ 7.89 + tax . it come with a weave nylon holder with a loop to hang it off a belt . I already throw away the packaging but I remember that it say 7 lumen and xenon ; judge by the fact that there be no minus maglight on Amazon that say `` xenon , '' I suspect that , be naive and not do any prior research , I may have somehow get screw and purchase a older non-led minus maglight . it do do the job ok - this flashlight cast a gray circle of light surround by a lighter reddish-pink-orange color wider glow of light , and the size of the darker circle compare to the surround lighter circle of light change as the head be turn past the point necessary to turn the light on . the body and feature of the flashlight be the same as describe in the other review . its a shame the model number and type of bulb be not write on the flashlight . otherwise I light that the body be metal rather than cheap flimsy look plastic and 3-3\/8 inch of the body be texture so it be easier to grip .
Flashlight	POS	5	a very good pen flashlight for the money . reliability be outstanding . light output be above average for its size . risk of it turnig on in you pocket be not not zero but can be manage by use a belt holster or the shirt pocket clip . this be my new favorite flashlight and as of right now -lrb- to the best of my knowledge -rrb- it beat any of the bulky led light in term of light output v size
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be worth the price . it be well make and durable . I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be use some form of the DEWALT 12 volt flashlight for the past decade . as I find the DEWALT 12 volt drill a excellent choice for residential & commercial electrical work , the dw904 pivot Head Flashlight make for a perfect companion for you lighting need . it also provide a handy load to fully discharge the drill 's ni-cad battery allow they to recharge to maximum efficiency ! a great supplementary device for all ! Update : my DEWALT flashlight take a accidental tumble from 8 foot high and a hard crash to a hardwood floor . Thought sure it be a goner but the unit come up shine bright ! tough little mama !
Flashlight	NEU	3	this flashlight be construct to the same high standard as the other maglite that I have use . however , the beam quality be not as good as my d and aa maglite . it provide a good spot focus but the wide-angle beam be very non-uniform , which can make see where you be walk at night difficult . I have find the beam quality of the 2AA Maglite to be much superior for walk outside after dark .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great item to pack for travel , its very lightweight and I end up use it more than I would have anticipate during a recent 3-week trip to Africa . a previous reviewer mention the `` candle '' functionality which come in handy . you can not go wrong with this , especially at this price .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite be always a good value . this purchase be a replacement for a similar one that be 12 year old . this package deal be nice in that you can charge in a vehicle or at home . my husband like these light , and use they both at home and work . there be no ambient light where we live , so a dark night be really dark . this flashlight be really nice when you have to put chain on you vehicle in the dark . it have a nice , bright , white light . they be waterproof -lrb- yes , they do sink -rrb- and have a heavy duty metal casing . these flashlight be the best value on the market .
Flashlight	NEU	3	if you have already get the battery from the Dewalt 12-volt drill , it make sense to get the flashlight . I get this for a good price and it function as you would expect a flashlight to . nothing too fancy -- decent level of brightness . I be not real fond of the function of the pivot head -- you have to turn the head clockwise to hit specific pivot point , at which you would need to adjust the direction the flashlight be point in -lrb- as oppose to just ratch up and down on the same plane as I have experience on other brand like the Porter Cable -rrb- . it be not a problem but it be not the best design out there . again , if you want to make the most use of you battery , there be not a whole lot of option .
Flashlight	POS	5	have read the other review , I decide to add one myself :  many police department standard issue mag Lite product . the 2,3 . . etc d size flashlight make reliable flashlight and they weight can also make they useful as a baton in a pinch . I have several different mag light -lrb- the minus 's , the 2 , and a 5 d monster -rrb- . they always work , the beam be generally good , and for the money , they be a good value . they be not the best flashlight ever make ... but for 20-30-40 buck , they be a great flashlight for about 99 % of what people need flashlight for ...  if you really need alot of quick light - i.e. , you be plan to rely on this light for a tactical or self-defense situation , then I would not buy a mag Lite ... ASP , Surefire -lrb- my favorite -rrb- , Inova , etc. , make much better flashlight for that situation . a surefire c2 or z2 model be about the size of a Mini-Mag but deliver about 5 time the light of the largest mag lite product ... all without a focusable beam . the technology of SureFire be unparallelled , in my opine , but I think it be akin to compare a Ferarri to a Ford ... yeah , they be both car , but that be about as far as the comparison should go ... also , most high-performance flashlight run for about a hour or so ... mag 's will run longer . also , you can go to any hd or hardware store and buy mag , battery , lamp , etc. ... try do that with a SureFire ... NOT . so there be comparative advantage and disadvantage to both ...  mag 's product be good ... but you get what you pay for and not every flashlight be suitable for every application . if you be a LE officer , military , etc. , it be unlikely you will want mag Lite as the product you be go to trust you life to ... they just be not bright enough to stun someone in a life and death situation ... if you want a decent reliable flashlight for home emergency use , then mag lite be the best product you can possibly buy .  ... I own both for different reason ... I just wish I own a Ford and a Ferarri too !
Flashlight	POS	5	great product with a quick and easy installation . as long as the clip be correctly place and align there should be no worry of break they or damage they . the plastic do feel a bit weak but they be surprisingly very strong little clip .
Flashlight	POS	5	nice little torch , not as small as the `` tactical '' style light but will fit in a coat pocket nicely . fit in the hand well with a little overhang . I like it !
Flashlight	NEU	3	I order a flashlight for Father 's day and expect it in a new package like the maglite c cell flashlight I order but it be wrap in newspaper . the piece that detach at the bottom be in a old ziploc bag . the flashlight look pretty new but I have never receive a package like that . I will be order another flashlight soon but I wonder how its go to be package .
Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite be a heavy duty baton when fully load with the 6 \* d cell battery . the beam be as to be expect for a conventional incandescent bulb . it be not as powerful , nor as long lasting , as the lead model now on the market . it be price perfectly though . the construction have not change much over the year . these be make , and warranty , to last a lifetime .
Flashlight	POS	5	the flashlight to get . that simple . bright , durable , sturdy . it be everything you 'll need in a flashlight . I love mine . it make you wonder why anyone would even consider pay the same price for some dinky plastic flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , lead technology be the way to go nowadays as far as lifespan , vibration resistance , etc. . . MagLite have be my choice for many year as I grow up use these in my household . this have SOS strobe , low power function , etc. . . I do not really use that but it be cool if you do .
Flashlight	POS	4	I be take part in a filmmaking seminar in Maine , and everyone have two tool : a Mini Maglite and a  Leatherman  they all wear they on they belt , and they come in handy on numerous occasion . of course I pick one up and I love the little holster that come with it . if it do not look dorky I would probably wear this and a multi-tool all the time . it be not just good for night use . change a fuse , adjust equipment , find something under the desk . for those kind of everyday , all-the-time use , the Mini mag be much more handy and useful than the larger  maglite  highly recommend for its simplicity , utility , and durability .
Flashlight	POS	5	great product . I love minus mag . they be durable and have great battery life . Super dependable . best minus flashlight on the market . this be my 3rd one ; not because the other break , but because I like to have more than one . one to take hiking , one for the car , and one to leave in the house . Great buy !
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be the perfect blend of power , performence , and toughness . my maglite take a couple hard falls-the diffrence-nothing . the holster be very handy and tough and wont rip easily . the spare bulb in the end of the flashlight just add to its brilliance . the light of this flashlight be more powerful than some flashlight twice its size . I have try other Brand-Named flashlight but none equal this maglite . you would buy it if you smart .
Flashlight	NEU	3	i have a ryobus flashlight that need a new bulb & the replacement bulb be the dewalt one -lrb- that be what home depot tell I -rrb- . but i be turn away when i see the bulb be $ 8\/pair ... i think what a rip off ... so i go online & i see makita have a 18v bulb -lrb- p\/n a90261 -rrb- that be similar to the dewalt . and the best part be it be $ 3.50 \/ pair & i find at a website w \/ a $ 0.01 shipping ... could not beat that . i get the bulb last night & it fit in my ryobus flashlight w \/ out a problem . whaooo whoooo !!!
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a plumber and I use all 18 voly DeWalt cordless tool , i.e drill , sawzall , circular saw , and this light . it be pivot head be great for set on a shelf or in the corner under a counter or vanity , cause when youre lay on you back work on a sink , you cant have the light always at a spot where it point directly up .
Flashlight	POS	4	maglite have never be fabulous flashlight . this have not change . what you get here be good value at $ 16 . mag give you a modest size package that take a very common cell size -lrb- aax2 -rrb- . be metal thus reasonably durable and water resistant . have a fairly good led in the current generation maglite , a Luxeon rebel -lrb- last generation maglite have a terrible led -rrb- . the Luxeon rebel be old technology , and not up to the standard of a modern cree in efficiency or output . the LED 's output be good for what it be , and a nice neutral white with a usable beam . the mode be a nice touch : full\/half\/strobe \/ so . all of these production decision be fine in a light at this price . the reason this product lose a star be the lame plastic lens . I have be through many round of MagLites over the year , they tend to stand up to abuse well , but the lens get scratch , pit , and dirty beyond cleaning or repair . it then must be replace , which be a hassle . a better -lrb- read more durable and scratch resistant -rrb- lens would make this a five star product . I end up purchase a nice glass ar coated lens for my mini-mag , and its service life have extend considerably . I love the mini-mag as a backup light for its cost effective illumination , and will continue to use it with custom lens .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be hesitant to buy this , and with a 3 d-cell flashlight be as heavy as it be . I mount this to the wall , make sure it be attach to the stud in the wall . there be make of palstic -lrb- very strong -rrb- . it have excellent retention property . it actually hold the flashlight so tight that you feel as though the plastic mount would break -lrb- it do not -rrb- . I buy 4 set of these , and do not regret it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I read some other review about this product battery ... that they do not last that long ... but guess what ! I prove it wrong ... I buy this item like 4 week ago and still have enough power to light a whole 20x20 foot room . now I see why police officer love this tool , they can be use as self defense , and virtually undestructible ! there be no way than this flashlight can be destroy ... all my friend have make a comment about it . the bottom line be that this flashlight be really usefull . I be back editing my review !!! I have not still change the flshlight battery in 5 month !!!! it have cover all my expectation ... above everything ! no more comment ... it ; s undestructible ... I have take it everywhere and use it alot ... do not mess with a mag light !
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own one of these for almost 8 year now . it be the best flashlight I ever purchase . I buy it when I be in college and work as a student Auxiliary for the college Police Department . my flashlight have suffer a great deal more then most flashlight can handle . it be be drop , run over , use as a hammer , use to pound in tent stake , constantly take on road trip , I can not even remember all of the thing I have do to it . all I can tell you be it still work . the best thing about the 6c be that it be lighter and thinner than the 6d but still be big enough and bright enough to get the job do . I even buy one for my best friend to keep in he truck .  to keep it work well you should occasionally apply a small mount of Vaseline to the thread to keep the thread and o-ring lubricate . if you do that it should last you a long time .
Flashlight	POS	4	if you already have a dewalt 12v cordless tool - this flashlight be great . I always keep my backup battery charge and I have good light whenever I need it . it be fairly well build and will provide great usable light for more than 30 minute . the head of the flashlight rotate so that you can position the beam where you need it . should it be cheaper ? it use to sell for $ 34.00 and now cost $ 20.00 . sound like a good deal to I caslo
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a excellent product . I have carry one unit in my motor home for many year . the battery be rechargeable and last a long time and can be replace . most recently I purchase a complete new unit . the charger on the old unit quit , so I purchase a new charger and a new battery and now I have a second unit in my garage . I be always ready to be use and it be a excellent product .
Flashlight	NEG	1	this flashlight do everything except be a flashlight . not sure how the switch be make , but if the light be bang or bump the light turn to the next mode which include SOS or dim , etc. . please just turn on and stay on , and it doesnt do that . buy two , never again , return one , need to get rid of the other . steer clear of this junk , this light make you want to smash it it be so annoying use it for work and it bump and start blinking .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have one of these unit previously but with a conventional bulb . this unit have a bright led bulb and longer battery life . the construction be robust like all maglite product .
Flashlight	POS	5	after several flashlight , pelican , everready , etc. because they stop work in a harsh marine environment , this one flashlight have now be constantly work for 5 year . it be extremely bright and durable . because it have a 12 volt rechargeble base you can secure it to a bulkhead and forget about it . it will always be ready when you need it and always in the same location . that be in and of itself be invaluable on a boat where most thing be cram into the same couple drawer .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I buy three of these . one be a gift , the other two be for I . I drop the first one and the head totally break at the joint . I think it be poorly make . I like use it , so I buy another . I be just more carefull . great product , could be a little more rigid , since we use it for everyday job around the house .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be exactly what I be expect to arrive . I have slightly modify mine with bright pink tape so the boy at work will refrain from claim it as they own lol . .
Flashlight	POS	4	I purchase these for a Black & Decker 18 Volt flashlight . I accidentally drop the flashlight onto a hard tile floor and the original bulb break . these replacement bulb be a perfect fit ! they last a very long time -lrb- unless you drop they !!! -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	5	for a reliable flashlite to have around the house or in the car , get a larger c cell maglite . but for other use this one be top . solidly well build , look great , do produce a typical uneven beam -lrb- but that be ok with I -rrb- , small , use aa battery . come with a extra bulb in the base . compare with dollar store junk which will not last , this one be worth the money . it should last many year .
Flashlight	POS	5	great bracket for the light . put it in my truck and the bracket have not drop my light yet . I do some really hard off-roading and the light stay in the mount bracket .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a solider and a correctional officer , I have be use maglite for year , and have put they through several of the worst kind of hell . to date after 4 year of \* hard \* use , abuse , and maltreatment , I have only manage to kill 2 of the big 4d maglite , and even then , the light be mechanically sound , but the damned battery end up leak from get knock around too much , and fusing into the case . any way . it take I three year of solid use , in rain , snow , mud , etc , to kill my last minus mag . when I finally get around to replace it , I be slightly off-put . if you have not purchase a minus in a while , you 'll start to wonder why it seem to randomly flicker and strobe . at first , because of how I be handle it , I think maglite be not up to they usual standard , and make a flashlight that I could kill in under a week . it turn out that I be wrong . __________________________ by rotate the head , and turn it on , you activate the bright mode . do it twice , you activate the dim , 3 time , and you activate the strobe . this can be kind of a pain in the ass when you be use it and it trigger unintentionally , however , this flashlight be otherwise up to maglite 's usual superb standard . battery in my experience will last several month with infrequent use . several week with routine\/heavy\/duty use . size and durability make this a worthwhile compliance tool in a pinch . __________________________ if you have never use maglite lead 's or lead upgrade , I suggest it . the LED 's be even build maglite tough , I say this a after have the lead fall out of the assembly of the d-cell bulb one day -lrb- the actual diode separate from the body of the bulb , and fall out , my inmate be amuse . -rrb- . I be able to reinsert , and fix it with superglue . worked fine for about a year after that until I finally manage to kill the poor thing for good . there be cheaper light , there be tougher light , there be brighter light , there be longer lasting light , but you be not go to find a compact light that be brighter , tougher , longer lasting , or better make at this price point . you 'll have a light source for year , and a handy roller for paracord once you kill it .
Flashlight	POS	4	now these bracket be worth the cost . I use they to mount my 4d size maglight on my crash bar of my Harley . have not have any issue and I ride all over the place . just zip tie they on and clip in flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	after buy these as a replacement for a old pair I have that break a while ago . I be very skeptical due to the bad review . but I be sick of my flashlight not be available at the garage door where I originally place the clip . so I plunk down my money , re-install the bracket and now very carefully -lrb- know how they will break again -rrb- put my maglite in place and remove just as carefully . Buyer beware but still a useful tool .
Flashlight	POS	5	good , strong light , especially for its size . much more powerful than traditional flashlight i have around the house that be much bigger , and for a good price . another one i have have already last I many year .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be awesome . it be just about 2 foot long . it could easily be use defensively since it look like a baseball bat flashlight . it put out 160 luke which be great for this more natural look light . great buy and very happy .
Flashlight	POS	4	the light be bright enough for the average application it be small enough to keep in a draw you should have a few in different area of you home in case of a power failure reasonably price
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the highest quality flashlight on earth . not just this model but the entire product line . I think Mag Instruments have perfect the flashlight . you could spend you whole life buying and toss cheapo flashlight 's or buy a Maglite once it be that simple . Dont blow you money on plastic junk Stick with mag they really be the Mercedes Benz of flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be a monster ! it have wonderful craftsmanship for the price unbeatable . this thing put out a amazing amount of light ! I be at a drive in movie with my friend and before the movie start some people be shine they flashlight on the white screen mess around . I decide to take out this bad boy and it fill the whole entire screen drown out the light of both other flashlight ! the battery also last pretty long , I keep this light in my car and use it maybe once a month , i have not change the battery in over a year ! all in all great product
Flashlight	POS	5	very convenient for my maglight , well worth the money , easy to use on any pants , hold my flashlight solid as a rock , worth the investment
Flashlight	POS	5	I CA not SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS FLASHLIGHT ! I put a three WATT WHITE lead from MAG-LITE in MINE . there 's one in EACH car and TRUCK . and spare c cell . THIS COMBO will send a brilliant white beam for a hundred yard that really light up the scene ! and it do it for a long time . 100 % RELIABLE . 100 % cool .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this be the great flashlight for the cost . it be very bright , and the focus beam be very useful . they claim it be waterproof . I drop mine in water and it still work , kind-of . it be very dim and practically useless . grant , it sit in the water for about 5 minute , and it have a ph of 11 , so I think it go beyond the intended exposure . it 'll last forever in you garage , but if you be buy it for industrial use , do not expect it to last forever .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be the best flashlight I have ever get . its kinda expensive but well worth it . if u just want a throwaway flashlight get something else but if u want a `` keeper '' then buy this I have have drop it countless time and just abuse the heck out of it and it still work .
Flashlight	NEG	1	suppose to include two AA battery but I see I be charge a additional $ 7.51 for a pair of battery I neither need nor order . what kind of a dirty trick be that ? be careful ... Amazon have apparently slip over to the dark side and be now obviously a stink dirty rat .
Flashlight	POS	5	excellant product ! durable , perform as advertise , look great , include all warranty and instructional paperwork . Great buy ! Ron m
Flashlight	NEU	3	you money 'll be better use buy a lead technology flashlight ... however this be a nice normal one ...
Flashlight	POS	5	the sp2201h be a lead upgrade of the former incandeecent Mini Maglite . the lead beam be very bright and adjustable by turn the head .
Flashlight	NEU	3	need LED-LUXEON UPGRADE seem well made-i upgrade the bulb help a little -
Flashlight	POS	5	these be great light . I have have at least 5 maglight in my life and each one have be there reliabily even after be drop and on in the rain and in the mud ... I be pretty rough on they . I even have one in the bedroom I find they so very useful . I be sure you will find they usefull too , no matter what size you get ! other than that , take care and good luck shopping , unless you be shop for a good light in which case you really do not need good luck ... you have it , yes , buy the light now ... what else be there to say right now ... ? oh , I know try to buy a L.E.D. one now-a-day , as those last longer ... this one be not that type , BUT it be almost the same , so keep think good thought , not just about life , but about this light -lrb- notice how light and life be often the same in metaphor ? -rrb- . you can comment on this review and metaphor and light if you want .
Flashlight	POS	5	i have a mag lite and love the quality . . the firm click of the off\/on button be satisfy and a sign of suberb craftsmanship ! i do wish that maglite would make a head lamp model and\/or a tripod option to assist in hand free situation ! other wise the cost be minimal if one consider that these flash light will survive we life time ... i would bet that the designer at maglite will soon offer we a hand free model , but til then i will light my way with maglite ! thank you for reading and consider my opinion !
Flashlight	POS	5	I use this light for year when I lead camping trip with inner city teens . it work out perfectly when try to negotiate a small tent . you can hold it in you mouth to direct it be light or use the candle feature . either way it be small size and ruggedness be exactly what I need .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have one of these for a while . it be very reliable , durable & convinient because of it be size . the worst that have ever happen to my maglite be for the bulb to break when I be busy mess around with it .
Flashlight	POS	5	a good value on a replacement bulb for my Dewalt flashlight . quick ship from Amazon at a fair price . not hard to find in Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	5	it work very nice just as describe i have the 3d cell mag light lead and it fit perfect
Flashlight	POS	4	exact product at a affordable price w a smooth transaction
Flashlight	POS	5	unless you want to spend hundred on a flashlight -lrb- see streamlight-primarily use by fireman -rrb- you can not find a better unit than a maglite . I have AAA , AA , C and D cell maglte flashlight . both my wife and I feel that the c cell size be easier to hold than the d cell model . I really prefer the 3 c cell model-i find the length just right , though the 2 cell model fit in car better . make in the USA . and can be easily upgrade to a lead ` bulb ' . a little bonus : if you live in hurricane territory , when the store run out of d cell battery , there be always c cell battery on the shelf , mean you can get battery when other can not .
Flashlight	POS	4	good and sturdy clip . take a bit to get use to it and i guess to break they in a little but a good buy .
Flashlight	POS	5	receive my mag Lite quickly . I find this product excellent . well construct and long lasting . I wish that battery last longer , but we can not have every thing . great size for walk my dog at night .
Flashlight	POS	5	very nice flashlight . as always with DeWalt , very well make . I have drop this flashlight in my pool and numerous time on the floor and it still work perfeclty . I have have to replace the bulb after 3 year ! long lasting bulb as well . I recommend this flashlight very much
Flashlight	POS	4	I have hear of MagLite for many year , but never actually own one -lrb- mainly because I be too cheap to pay $ 20 + for a flashlight -rrb- . when I find this new version of  maglite sp2201h 2-aa Mini lead flashlight  fortunately for I , this turn out to be a great purchase . about the LED : the light source be a Philips Luxeon rebel lead . it be call a ' 3w lead ' , but that be refer to its peak power . for steady-state operation the LED current be limit to 350ma , which mean it can only operate at about 1 watt -lrb- 350ma \* 3v -rrb- . if you ever try to run this led at 1000ma current -lrb- 1000ma \* 3v = 3w -rrb- , it could burn out within seconds . about the focus system : the beam be very bright -lrb- \* blindingly \* bright at short distance -rrb- but not quite focus . adjust the reflector can change the shape of the center bright spot slightly , but do not help much to focus it . about the power consumption : this flashlight use a internal regulator to run the lead on just two aa cell -lrb- unlike most cheap led flashlight which typically run on three aaa cell -rrb- . the light output be not constant when use alkaline -lrb- 1.5 v -rrb- or nimh -lrb- 1.25 v -rrb- cell . with two fresh alkaline cell , the battery current be about 500ma at 100 % power , 125ma at 25 % power . when the battery voltage drop below 2.5 v approximately , the input power be reduce to conserve energy -lrb- see the customer image section for my chart of `` Input Power vs. Battery Voltage '' -rrb- . this be much better than simply drop dead without warn , as some people have complain in older review -lrb- \* -rrb- . about the instruction -lrb- or the lack of it -rrb- : the maglite I receive say `` NEW Multi-Mode Electronic switch '' on the package -lrb- \* -rrb- . it further claim the flashlight can operate in four different mode -lrb- 100 % power \/ 25 % power \/ Blink \/ S.O.S. -rrb- however , there be absolutely no instruction on how to activate this `` electronic switch '' . after many attemot , I suspect that my unit must be defective , and be about to return it . but in the process of measure the battery current -lrb- which make and break contact with battery -rrb- , the led start blinking ! it finally dawn upon I that the on-off switch be also use to activate different mode : - when the flashlight be first turn on , it start in 100 % power mode - if you turn off the flashlight and turn it back on within 1-2 seconds , it advance to 25 % power mode . - follow short off\/on sequence advance it to ` blink ' mode and then be . O. S ' -lrb- ... -- ... -rrb- mode . - if you turn off the flashlight and wait at least 3 seconds before turn it back on , it start in 100 % power mode again . overall , I be very impress by this minus lead flashlight . but I can not help wonder : how many of they get return because people can not figure out how to activate its other mode ? -lrb- \* -rrb- footnote : the energy-management and multi-mode led function be new feature of this maglite . that be why they be not mention by older review write more than 6 month ago .
Flashlight	POS	5	fast delivery . I buy this fashlight for work . it have a adjustable beam and give off a bright light . I will buy from this web sight again .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be by no mean the brightest flashlight you 'll ever use . led and those 15 million candlepower gun be what you 'll want to hail down a plane . as a general-purpose flashlight , though , it work very well . it may have be the brightest in its day , but technology have move past , and Standard Maglites be nothing special in term of turn night into day . however , if you buy a led or xenon lamp upgrade , you brightness level will improve greatly . for a cheap increase in this instrument usefulness as a flashlight , spend 4 buck here on a xenon bulb . for the very brightest , though , drop 30 on a conversion for a led . you battery life will not be hurt ; actually , the led upgrade improve the life from what I be tell -lrb- I say it have better , for cost 1.5 time than the damn flashlight -rrb- . maglite be commonly use by police and civilian alike , for they waterproof and shockproof property , and world-class durability . this be the 70 's Chevy pickup of flashlight - not flashy , but mechanically unkillable . I would want nothing else by my side if I have to defend myself suddenly in the dark . of course , grab a extra set of battery and keep they near it -- those old 70 's pickup be hardly know for they miserly fuel consumption , and neither be these . every household should have a 3 d-cell plus -lrb- they go up to 6 -rrb- Maglite in they house . I have a standard 3 and a xenon-lamp 4 , and I be take one camp with I this summer .
Flashlight	POS	4	sturdy product like I expect . light be not at bright as I think it would be but still very good
Flashlight	POS	4	I like this alot , particularly for check out thing that go bump in the night ; however , I do recommend that you get the terralux lead replacement `` bulb '' for it , as it be much brighter and with 6 d cell run forever -lrb- ... well -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	5	get she as advertise could not even get they at Home depot around here but Amazon have it in stock
Flashlight	NEU	3	this replace the original bulb perfectly . I 'll get another when the time come . I wish the package lend itself to better protection .
Flashlight	POS	5	this will be the second one I have own . the first one I have for 10 year and leave on a bus , by accident . it be the best deterrent one could hope for . when you carry it like a cop with you hand at the lamp ready to flash it in someone face to stun they with the light , pop they on the forehead to get they attention , or knock they to the ground use it like a baseball bat . man look at you very differently , a bit scared and not cat call and blow you kiss .
Flashlight	POS	5	that be right . I buy one of these light , previously own one of they mini-mag . I see the quality of product , and base upon that and its reputation for be the most rugged light out there I buy the 4d . I be not disappointed , this light be like a light cannon . upgrade to the xenon bulb make a whiter light than stock , and be slightly brighter . mag also make different lens for the larger -lrb- 3,4,5,6 d cell -rrb- light , as well as anti-roll cap cover . so kid , tell you parent `` buy I a Maglite -- or go to hell ! ''
Flashlight	POS	5	if you primarily want a flashlight you can look elsewhere . this be first and foremost to beat the living daylight out of someone or something that be try to harm you . it be a self-defense club that can do some serious damage . the metal construction combine with the weight of the 6 d-cell battery will bring the pain to bad guy or violent animal . just know that this be capable of do more than just leave bruise or knot and can easily break bone if you go all out with it . the heavy duty construction should be able to provide repeated blow as need to do what be necessary to stop a threat . that be say , this be certainly not concealable if you be look for something non-conspicuous . the 4 or even 3-cell maglite can still pack a decent wallop in a much more compact package . as for the light aspect it do a good job jut like most maglite , but if have a bright light be you main concern you should buy a lead model or get one of the led conversion kit for these as this still come with a incandescent bulb . I would recommend the  terralux ministar31 mr-ex 1000 Lumen LED Upgrade kit for MagCharger Lights  you burn time will also be much better with a lead model . even so , it be still a pretty decent flashlight even with the stock bulb .
Flashlight	POS	5	Led be so much better & brighter than standard flashlight there be no comparison . mag-lite quality only add value .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the sweet spot of flashlight , unless you go for the more compact  Inova X1DM-HB dual High\/Low Mode lead flashlight - 1 aa battery  pro : \* throw a concentrated beam \* use aa battery -- alkaline or rechargeable -lrb- see note 1 -rrb- \* excellent specification , fully disclose -lrb- see note 2 -rrb- \* good value if you wait for low tide -lrb- under 15 buckss -rrb- \* 4 mode -lrb- bright , low , blink , SOS -rrb- \* 18 hour -lrb- or more -rrb- from a set of battery - hole for tether or strap con : - Wish it have a glass -lrb- scratch resistant -rrb- lens - warranty do not cover led burnout or lead module failure . - the twist-on , twist-off , adjust-focus-every-time design be not ideal . - - - pricing - - - price jump around , and vary by color . low tide be around 15 . there be a `` Online Price Alert '' that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dip below you target price . Google it . it be nicely do . - - - note - - - note 1 : Stick with AA battery for all you device . best deal on rechargeable , and only one size to stock up on . borrow from other device in a pinch . I never go aaa ... they be 2-1\/2 time as expensive per amp-hour of output , and in flashlight they be also less space-efficient -lrb- per amp-hour of output -rrb- . note 2 : 69 lumen -lrb- light output -rrb- - 2547 Candela -lrb- light intensity -rrb- - 18\/31 hour battery life -lrb- high\/low mode -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite of course always great , but now with this newer version it apparently have different mode . after look a few place and not see how you change the mode I notice a few post of people say how it change mode after be hit or nudge . it 'll do that only if the battery spring be not put enough tension on the battery . switching mode be very easy actually , all you have get to do be turn it on and off and on in a somewhat quick succession . BAM , it be on full bright then you twist it off then twist it right back on , viola you just go to dim . do that again and again you will get blinking and then the SOS blink . after that it 'll go back to bright , just in a sequence of be on\/off .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have own a mini mag flashlight for over 5 year and have be very pleased with the durability and reliability of the product . so , when look for a flashlight to include in we disaster kit , I naturally look to mag . this model provide the right balance between size , weight , and power requirement . I do not need a light as powerful as the 3-d or 4-d model , and want a light that would stow compactly . so far , this flashlight have meet all of my expectation !
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several d-cell mag light and one aa-cell mag light , but the former be too large and the latter too small to grab and run check on this or that when the need arise . the c-cell light be just the right size . I be please to see a history channel egyptologist carry the same one , a few month after I buy mine .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this be a great flashlight , but the color selection be confuse . if you select black it will take you to the lead version of the same flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be use these same light for 12 year now . the aa one be waterproof to about 30 foot or so -lrb- the o-ring keep the seal airtight -rrb- . I do not know if maglite support that use though : -rrb- I use they not only as light , but to prop door open , hammer small nail . these thing be tough ! keep one in the car . one in the kitchen . one in the bedroom . one in the toolbox . one at work . helpful hint : lightly grease the o ring with vaseline or other petroleum jelly occasionally -lrb- wipe off excess -rrb- . this keep the seal watertight , and make the light work like new . take off head of flashlight , and examine the bulb -lrb- not light ! -rrb- - after a while they get burn on the inside - replace occasionally to maintain maximum illumination ! replacement bulb be cheap ! get some ! I use these a lot ! consider use nimh rechargeable battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	let 's get real : you will not find any better 100 % american flashlight for this price . consider the excellent quality of this product do it make sense to buy any other flashlight ? absolutely no ! some critic say batteri will not last . ok , that be true but you can buy 4 nimh battery and good charger for less than 25 buck and get hour and hour of light with this tiny marvel . lead flashlight have be around for some time but they cost 3-4 time a mag and -lrb- read it -rrb- the be not as bright with a pair of aa cell . besides most led be cheaply make in China . mag Lite still rock . any replacement for this american beauty will only come from MAG Lite Company .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have use these before , but the price here be great . mag have figure just the right tension on the clip to hold the flashlight secure , yet make it easy to grab often . I have use these for several year . I have try other , but these be the best .
Flashlight	POS	5	as other have point out , these be not some kind of high quality coated spring steel , but if you have notice the price , you have figure that out already . they work as advertise . nice and cheap , too .
Flashlight	NEU	3	i purchase my first maglite in the '80 while in the military be awesome drive tent stake with it float it in the Rhine river could not kill it . it be finally steal in the mid '90 ! this maglite i buy due to have to replace battery in cheaper flashlight ALOT . price be reasonable , quality seem to have slack with maglite over the year it wont work unless i unscrew the head and retighten it after light . would i still recommend YEA buy another no !
Flashlight	POS	5	the Maglite collection be the best you can buy for you money ! this minimag w \/ lead be a `` steal '' ! I be more than satisfied w \/ my purchase and will buy another one soon !
Flashlight	POS	5	Love Maglite flashlight , only have one minor issue with this one . I do not normally write review , but want to share this for anyone else who have this problem . the flickering\/won ' t turn on problem very well could be the tailcap assembly -lrb- screw off back part -rrb- . there be 2 metal clip that need to make contact with the barrel . if you aa lead maglite be not turn on , try bend these 2 clip out and make sure they can make contact with the barrel . Mine have this problem , and once I bent these clip out it have work just great . I hope this help someone out there .
Flashlight	POS	5	this have a nice beam almost like a light saber if you adjust it to a beam , in the dark , it be light weight easy to grip I be intend to order a 3 d cell light , but this make a good sustitute I have a 4 cell d the 4 d be a bit big for walk the dog , the 4 d cell kind of look like a weapon at night , even though this be my mistake look at too many flashlight and accidently , order this one instead of a 3 d cell this be actually a better fit for task of walk the dog , I r happy my dog r happy we r all happy , now if I ever need a weapon walk the dog I might rethink this
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight . the size , feel and performance all scream `` big buck '' and then you discover that this little beauty cost about as much as two grande latte at Starbucks . I have one in each car and they have come in handy look for street sign , house address and map reading . last Christmas , I give everyone in my department they own Mini mag Lite . I can not tell you how many time they have come and tell I how handy they have prove to be . when you have throw away you last broken plastic , make in a place you can not spell or pronounce junk flashlight , go and get one of these baby . you will smile . really !
Flashlight	POS	5	i use every day and feel this be the only lite i need to do my job
Flashlight	POS	5	I have use this flashlight in Haiti , in the high humidity and extreme dust . it hold up beautifully and I always leave mine behind for friend to use . I now use maglite 4 and 6 d cell flashlight at home and in the car . they be easy to grip , easy to focus and solid . plus they be MADE in the USA . something I have recently come to pay attention to once again . when I be a kid , we always look for the union label and make in the USA marking and somehow slip away from pay attention to that distinction . this be a well make and hardwork solid tool well deserving of the accolade it receive .
Flashlight	POS	4	I be a fan of these 18v light in general . this particular light , the head do not move directly up and down . the head rotate left and right at a 45 degree angle . useable but just a tad awkward . but if you only have Dewalt battery on the job , this light be a must . it seem fairly durable . I have already accidently drop it from chest height on concrete with no injury to light or bulb . lucky ? overall I be please with this light .
Flashlight	POS	5	it ship fast , it be exactly what i expect do not relize it come with battery nice supprise , package well , the light be a true maglite flash light . its strong and will do what i need it to where i need it to
Flashlight	POS	5	good , strong light , especially when concentrated via the adjustable lens . much more powerful than traditional flashlight i have around the house , and a good price . adjust the focal length , though , seem to inadvertently unscrew the piece below unless you specifically hold they tightly in place , so now i set it at the most focused setting and leave it there .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this for my 2 d cell lead mag Lite and mount it on the side of my driver 's side seat in my '90 Bronco II and it keep it in there real sturdy and be very easy to install . debate on get another one for my passenger 's side . very happy how inexpensive it be as well . thanks again Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	4	they fit the mag light like a glove . but the hardware that come with they be worthless . unless you be mount the holder on a wooden surface , you can not use the screw provide , you would think at the price I pay they would include some insert with the scre to mount the holder on a dry wall .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be great . it will really surprise you how much brighter it be when you put it up against a regular battery flashlight . Hope this help and enjoy .
Flashlight	POS	5	my husband love this gift . he open it immediately and start charge the battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be lighter than the 6 cell and easier to handle . it also take a beating and keep on work . at most , you may need to replace the bulb if it take a really hard blow . if you need a flashlight spend a few more dollar and get one of these . they be worth it .  if you want a `` torch '' buy a Surefire . they be smaller , brighter , and a lot weigh about as much as a mini-maglite . if you want durability however buy a maglite .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a nice little metal flashlight -- work great and the battery last for a long time . the reason I only give it 4 star -- I wish it have a on\/off switch instead of twist on\/off .
Flashlight	POS	5	my husband and I buy we first maglite almost two year ago , and its still work like its new . he use it nightly at work . he can get about a week to two week usuage out of it before he have to charge it . we buy the second for home use because we get tire of buy battery for the small maglite you get from wal-mart . we love we new rechargable as much as the old one . I buy it about a month ago and use it about once a week . I havent have to charge it once . the only complaint I have have about maglite be that the button on the first one have fall off but it be still work fine other then that .
Flashlight	NEG	2	wow . never buy another torch again ! portable light , without heat . this thing be _ AMAZING _ . beware , it do eat battery . also , do not look directly into the fire , as it may temporarily blind you ! mag be back with another winner here !
Flashlight	POS	4	I purchase this holder for my maglite 4d lead , it be a very cool holder . the only problem that I have be that my maglite will pop-out of the holder when I be run . other than that it be very easy to use , it be easy to put you flashlight into the holder and it be also easy to take it out . the button snap button make the holder a lot more reliable . I recommend this holder .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have always use maglite -lrb- still do -rrb- but even they be not perfect . I have have small one die rather quickly & even this one die due to poor contact with the charger . I would jiggle it until the red charge light come on but how long it last be random so when I need it , it rarely work . I think they quality control can use a swift kick .
Flashlight	POS	5	ZBATTERY.COM be SELLING THIS ITEM for $ 19.95
Flashlight	POS	4	the amount of illumination this small light provide compare favorably with that from a double-d-cell flashlight use a krypton bulb , which be probably what most folk expect from a general-purpose light . that say , compare one to another be tricky because of difference in the beam . a standard flashlight project a strong center spot surround by a broad halo of rather dim and often uneven light . however , with its much smaller reflector and led , the Mini-Maglite produce a strong center spot with a halo that be both much narrower and considerably brighter than its counterpart . therefore , one of the way I compare the two light source be to aim each at the white ceiling of a darkened room while observe the amount of reflect illumination of the furnishings . unlike the yellowish light emit by incandescent bulb , the LED in the Mini-Maglite provide a brilliant , white light that seem to be quite close to daylight in color temperature . it do not suffer from the distinct bluish tint common to many high-brightness led . the light output from this led light be much greater than that of the incandescent version of the Mini-Mag , which I also have . I measure initial current drain from a set of fresh aa battery at around 500ma , compare to somewhat over 300mA in the regular Mini-Mag . the company claim the light use a 3-watt led -lrb- as rate by supplier -rrb- , but it would appear that even with a new set of alkaline battery the actual energy use will not exceed half that rating . Furthur , my measurement indicate the power will likely decline by half again once the battery have start to become weak . of course , one can not expect miracle from two small battery and the reduction be likely a balance between high output and power usage . I would expect several hour of strong light , with slowly diminish output until the battery be exhaust . like the regular version , this mini-maglite be operate by unscrew the head slightly to activate a internal switch . furthur rotation will focus the beam somewhat as the reflector move outward . there be not a great deal of difference in the lead version , and very much twist simply reduce the overall light output . the head may actually be remove and use as a base to support the light in candle mode . this be make possible by the elimination of a lanyard like be attach to the tail cap of the standard Mini-Mag . as owner of several multi-led flashlight , I have learn that one big advantage to have a single led be the narrow , project beam it provide . that feature come in handy when you be walk at night and want to see some distance ahead . the light in the sp2201h package come with a holster for carry the flashlight lens-up on a belt or perhaps hang it from a nail . two Duracell battery be also include . I have read that other folk have encounter problem with the switch be intermittant , and I must admit that the flashlight do not work well with another brand of battery I install during testing . mostly make in the USA , the flashlight carry a limited lifetime warranty that exclude burnout of the led module . improper installation of the battery may destroy this item , so be very careful . if have a slender light that weigh less than a third of the typical flashlight , yet illuminate just as well appeal to you , then I think you 'll be please with the Mini-Maglite LED .
Flashlight	POS	5	at less than $ 10 deliver , these Dewalt bulb be a fantastic value . they be the direct replacement bulb for my Porter Cable 12V Xenon flashlight . the Ace Hardware store that I order from have super fast shipping . the reviewer that give one-star because of the shipping cost must not value they time or think anything of bure up gas try to located these at a mega home improvement center .
Flashlight	POS	4	there be a lot go on within the technology of flashlight recently . LED , Lithium battery , focus bezel , etc. . the Mag Instrument RX1019 Heavy-Duty Rechargeable Flashlight System be a ok rechargeable flashlight . but the technology today -lrb- ie from SureFire and other -rrb- have Mag Lights fall behind a bit technologically . for example , weight and size . if you be in law enforcement and need and depend on escalate use of force -lrb- ie loud assure voice , large heavy flashlight , side arm , shot gun -rrb- , most other situation only criterion for a good flashlight be how much light it put out and the quality -lrb- no dead spot , etc -rrb- of that light . and in the smallest , lightest package . this be where -lrb- in GENERAL -rrb- MagLite have drop off . I must say -lrb- before I get a bunch of negative vote -rrb- that I have own 20 or 30 mag over my work career . and the product be very durable and they be prove reliable . but for the money , I have find that surefire offer a more powerful beam of light . Surefire be lighter too . I have have to depend on my MagLight many time but I have switch to SureFire . it be the 21st Century . John Row
Flashlight	POS	5	light be what I expect . ship quickly at a very good price . be a lot better price than I find at any of the local store . very satisfy .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight along with a Dewalt cordless drill that I also rate as a 5 star . this flashlight fit on the same charger base , and the charge last a full half hour , and have a very nice bright light . I really like not have to go through battery all the time . this be purchase through Amazon , and arrive on time and in good condition . I always seem to find the best price with Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	5	... it be big , it be a mag light and it really work when you need it . I purchase the sturdy clip and install it inside we key cabinet , so when we need it we just grab it , the key and go
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a 3 watt 2 cell flashlight . I agree with the other review here . more light output than the normal 2 cell aa maglight could have be do better like a end cap that have either a on\/off switch or lanyard attachment so it could be hang in a room for area lighting . still work better than buy the conversion kit that Home Depot sell -lrb- it be junk -rrb- . I have purchase another lead flashlight a year ago by River Rock from target for less money and more light with equal quality . see the photo . the maglight be a good light and appear to be make in the USA .
Flashlight	POS	4	nothing beat a maglite . solid construction that will last forever ! can you get a brigther smaller flash light ? sure , but can you do it for under -lrb- ... -rrb- buck or even under -lrb- ... -rrb- ? the add length and weight also make this a great defensive weapon if need .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have have several maglite over the year and while read the review decide to get this light because it be lead . wrong , for some reason most of the review be on the lead version and this light be the battery eating krypton version . I have drawer full of these old one and do not use they because they be just old inefficient technology . I be bum out and request a refund and plan to refuse the fedex shipment . but when I cancel the order they say to just keep it . I really do not wont the damned thing but I think it would cost they more if I now refuse the package . moral quandary . maybe I 'll upgrade it with the LED kit .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite asxd036 Plain Leather Belt Holder for D-Cell Flashlight , Black  Works great for this application . strap the flashlight down with a bungee cord so that it do not flop around complete the job .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have a 2aa cell Mini Maglite for several year now . through this time , I have drop it a lot , but each time , the only damage be scratch . it be so durable that you can just throw it on the ground purposely and it will not be obliterate ! the holster be a nice addition so that you can have easy acce when you be in a tight situation . the candle feature be very useful , especially for camping -lrb- or night reading -rrb- . also , it be water proof ! I never have to worry while use it in the rain . overall , this product be very useful . with its size and capability , it proove worthy to be own by anyone , no matter what there job be . note : another good mag product be the 4d cell light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I love this flashlight , I have two . it work great , be very bright and convenient to use .
Flashlight	POS	5	great light and deterent . late night walk to the bathroom while camping will be less nerve rack .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I still do not understand how Maglite can make such great flashlight , and yet make a horrible single cell key chain flashlight . I have use maglite product for year . they be incredible sturdy , and yet beautiful to behold ! I have try to tell they , but they do not seem to listen , or care . I keep buy they , think they 'll get better , but they do not . like other have say , they be not very bright and they use power rapidly . and they flicker . I really do want a small flashlight for door lock and the like , but this definitely not it . DO BETTER , MAGLITE !
Flashlight	NEU	3	I think Maglite have forget that they be suppose to be all about the reflector 's precise focus ability . maybe they think no one will notice ? I have get four 3-d maglite from about 12 year ago . they be in my car and one 's beside my bed . those bad boy will focus a extremely tight nearly perfectly circular beam that be impressive as well as useful -- especially at moderate to great distance . a month or two ago , I buy a new 3-d maglite . it be sad . Poor focus . at best , it produce a illuminate region that be partly circular and partly elliptical that spread out way too much even at moderate distance . it leave I want , but , I figure I buy it from a mega store where individual unit from a big production run can often have flaw that be pass on to the consumer . the price be low and I be just stash it in the basement for power outage emergency and such so I tolerate its flaw and store it in a accessible location . for many year I have want a 6-d maglite . I order from Amazon . could not wait until it arrive . I dream : power ; Precision ; Prowler 's beware because if you be within a quarter mile , I 'll simply light you up and ID you in a instant even in a storm . so , my shiny new 6-d cell maglite arrive several day ago . dagnabbit ! it be get the same poor focus as the 3-d maglite I recently buy at the megastore . I can only describe the beam just as I mention above . it be not a tight circle . it be somewhat a blend of a sloppy circle and a wayward escape ellipse . I also order 2 maglite magnumstar -lrb- xenon -rrb- bulb for this thing . they come today . -lrb- why they come several day later I do not know because I order the 6-d flashlight and the bulb at the same time . Amazon lose money on free shipping deal when they do not stock these thing at the same location , do not they ? -rrb- anyway , I think the super duper MagnumStar bulb might improve thing . nope . you 'll see my separate review for they . they lack the snub nose ground glass focus lens that they use to have incorporate into the bulb design . now they be just plain glass . so , I guess it be just like all thing : they `` be not '' what they use to be . that be two recent maglite I have purchase with poorly focus beam . I be presume that be just the design average these day . I 'll keep the 2 maglite 's I just buy because I do not want to hassle return they . I guess they be not technically defective . they be just degrade by design . but , I will not buy any more . look like I can get the same beam or maybe much better in a cheaper flashlight from another company . I now find that I severely cherish my four 12 year old 3-d cell maglite . they beam be tight ! I guess I would better get busy stock up on spare part . these old model require a special tool to replace the switch . I think the switch and tool be rare but I think I have see a source for they . in the past , I figure it be cheaper just to replace the flashlight if the switch fail . now I see that be not true becuase I can not buy a new flashlight like those anymore . I need to gear up to maintain these four precious light stick !
Flashlight	NEU	3	this bulb be not as bright as the original Ryobi bulb that come with the flashlight . I end up buy the led bulb for 20 $ . the led make similar amount of light as this bulb -lrb- so , the LED be not as bright as the original either -rrb- , but extend the battery life to 6 time as much as before !
Flashlight	POS	5	very bright , rechargeable . if you use you light all of the time , you need this one !
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a bit hesitant in purchase a Mini Maglite lead flashlight because of the problem with the first version such as mediocre battery life similar to incandescent Maglites and sudden cutoff of light when the battery be low . as I be look around my local retailer one day i notice some lead minus Maglites with new packaging that be different from the other on the shelf , so I do some research online and it be due to a newer revision of the LED Maglite . the review from user online on the newer version seem positive so I decide to purchase the new version -lrb- sp2201hj -rrb- to try out . well I be fairly satisfy with the second revision because it address most of the problem with the first revision . most noticeably : - the old Luxeon lead emitter have be replace with the newer , more efficient rebel lead from Lumileds , so they produce a bit more light and less heat . - the lead driver now have 4 mode of operation : 100 % power , 25 % power , Blink , and s.o.s mode ; the first two mode allow the user to control the light output and battery life , while other two mode allow for emergency signaling . - the new driver also do not cut off the light completely when the battery be low , it dim the light output to warn of low battery -lrb- major problem in the first version when you be in dark -rrb- . however , there be still some thing that can be improve such as with the reflector , it be not that great and seem to restrict some the light output from the new led -lrb- some of the light go behind the reflector unfortunately -rrb- . the inclusion of the lanyard hole in the tail cap in the incandescent version be a feature that be still miss in the led version . overall this version be excellent for general use , it work great as a flashlight for use around the home or on the go -lrb- it be pretty lightweight and compact -rrb- and the candle mode produce enough light to see around the entire room in a blackout . it be not the brightest flashlight out there obviously , but the flashlight maintain a good balance of light output and battery life -lrb- depend on the select mode -rrb- . the flashlight be well-built like the older maglite as expect and be reasonably price at about $ 20 and amazingly it be still be make in the USA unlike virtually all other product on the market .
Flashlight	POS	4	early this summer I add 2-aa and 2-c maglite lead flashlight to my hurricane kit . they perform exceptionally well for I over a very stressful four day without power during and after Hurricane Ike . the 2-aa model amaze I with be everything I need to get thing do 90 % of the time . I sleep with it on my belt for four night and it be on my belt during daylight hour too . the tendency for it to fall out of its holster can be solve with a heavy rubber band loop a couple of time around the sheath to add tension . for a week after my power be restore I continue to carry that little light on my belt , because my friend or neighbor power might not have be restore and it be easy to carry and handy to have . I have bond with the little flashlight and will always recommend it . although I have since add a 3-aa maglite lead to my stable and would probably recommend that light for folk that be only go to have one good flashlight around . 12-8-2009 Update : mag-lite have new and improve they 2 aa lead light , and I just happen to have one . subjectively , it appear to be 20 % brighter than the old style 2 aa lead light . it also have a 25 % power mode which will allow it to burn continuously for over a day . the blink and SOS mode be nice , but I doubt the average person will ever have a call for those function . although the old style 3 aa led be brighter than the new style 2 aa lead , the 2 aa be handier to carry and the low power function have I convinced this be the most useful flashlight to have around . this be the most versatile flashlight I own . I have up my rating on it to five star if I know how .
Flashlight	POS	5	use this mount system for my 3d cell maglite and work perfect . alignment be key to have a proper mount . the clip be tight and hold the maglite without slide or movement .
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even they have be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I could not imagine my life without this flashlight -lrb- and a Leatherman -rrb- . when I work as a occasional camera assistant on commercial and film , the maglite be the perfect size for check the gate , cleaning equipment , or even walk around in dark forest look for the lead actress . I will take some paper tape and wrap it around the tail end of the barrel provide a soft grip that my tooth can sink into . all too often I 'll be in a awkward position , reach back with my right hand to the holster , whip out the torch , twist it on , and stick it into my mouth in one smooth motion . each torch come with its own replacement bulb , conveniently `` hide '' in the tail spring . it be so well insulate that drop the maglite onto hard rock while run will not break the spare -lrb- though the current bulb may not fare quite so well -rrb- . there be also professional -lrb- and online do-it-yourself -rrb- conversion to replace the bulb with a gallium-based led bulb , the kind that never burn out , be thrice as bright , and use half the battery power . you can use the standard white color , or red or dark green led for `` night-vision . '' I have not do this yet myself , although there be no fear of make a mistake . I own a silver , blue , red , forest green , and dark blue aa lite , a mini-mag aaa for the house\/car key , and a d-cell large maglite for check around the house , or keep in the car on long trip . you can twist off the head , expose the bulb entirely while it be `` burning . '' this be call candle-mode . by hang the light from the tail loopholder , you can have a omni-directional light that be bright enough to put away equipment under . several of these string about brighten the room even more so . if you be into focus pull , I use this for critical focus , should the need arise . have someone hold the torch in candle-mode by the subject , and you can focus on the filament for a precise setting . these thing be heavy duty and be not make of joke material like plastic and rubber . the mag be the way to go .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite have be around for a long time now . at first the big powerful flashlight be consider cut edge technology . they high quality focus lens , computer machine aluminum housing with rubber gasket and xenon light bulb be all still the best quality one can buy . however they look a little old fashion next to the super bright , super efficient led flashlight . but the Maglite have two big advantage over ANY other light on the market . for $ 20 instead of $ 120 you have a light that while bigger and heavier be just as bright as any small led light and it will last 25 year -lrb- my last one do -rrb- . plus , if this be for security work or checking on bump in the night , 10 lb of metal 2 1\/2 foot long feel a lot better in you hand than 6 inch of plastic . do not waste you money on the LED bulb . I buy one of the best and most expensive upgrade and really see no difference . if you want a really good flashlight that will last a long time and always work I know of nothing that even come close to the Maglite . one other thing , yes the 6-d battery be MUCH brighter than the 2 or 4 d battery size . other than the money I waste on the LED bulb upgrade this be the best $ 20 I have ever spend .
Flashlight	POS	5	I order the light and it come in 3 day with regular shipping . the light be very bright , it be very lite for it be size and stay charge for day .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be hike and camp for 24 year now , and I have use many , many flashlight . since find the AA Mini mag Lite , however , it be the only one you 'll find in my pack . they be very tough and durable . on a recent trip to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness , I even use it submerge to look for a fellow camper 's eyeglass that have fall into the lake . while it be not design for underwater use -lrb- be only water resistant -rrb- , the lamp perform flawlessly . while nearly perfect , I will recommend pick up the accessory pack available for the AA Mini mag Lite . the accessory pack include a rubber cover for the lens end that help prevent the lamp from roll and also absorb some impact if drop . it also include a wrist strap with a split ring so you can keep it close at hand -lrb- I usually put the strap around my wrist when I slide into my sleep bag -- if I need to get up quickly during the night , the lamp be always at hand -rrb- . the accessory pack also include three plastic lens -- blue , red , and clear -lrb- the product description list a amber lens in palce of the clear one -rrb- . I have find the red one useful when I want to rummage through a pack when my tentmate have already turn in for the night . it give you illumination that be not as harsh as the non-filtered white light .
Flashlight	POS	4	I purchase a couple of these set . I have a hard time find my flashlight when the electricity go out . so , I purchase these and now I have designate place for my maglite flashlight . Safety wise , it be a good thing too . I do not like that you have to put so much pressure on the flashlight in order for it to lock in place . be careful with you finger . I get the feeling these bracket may break if you put to much pressure on they .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be a wonder of modern technology . I love it , Maglite rock . item be ship quick and there be no issue with the item . thank you .
Flashlight	POS	5	we own four of these flashlight and we love they . they be small and portable and the Xenon bulb be extremely bright . we have two in the bedroom for power failure or to grab in bad weather and I use the other in my tool kit for when I be work on something in a dark area or at night . I like the rugged design and I put a hand loop through the key ring on they so that when I be walk or work I do not drop it . there be a spare bulb in the base of the flashlight which I like and I always keep one there in the special fitting . Make sure that if you buy spare bulb that you get the xenon replacement as they be the brightest and the best .
Flashlight	POS	5	purchase a year go and love this little flashlight . I have it hang on my front door ona little hook , so I always know where it be . use it too many time to count , so nice to have one around . and aa battery last forever , still have not change mine . candle feature be so useful as well . if people ask I what flashlight to get , I immediately point to this maglite .
Flashlight	POS	5	what more can I say - it ' a a MagLite & it work in Sub-Zero Deg f - -rrb- `` no surprise '' . a few suggestion for the unknow on the use of the mode : full power : for distance work - full saturation 25 % power : use during reading ; close work not blind by surface reflection ; extend usage Strobe : Beacon for warn or attention when use color lens -lrb- optional -rrb- ; search & rescue locator SOS : Beacon for search & rescue locator finally , later model tail cap permit a lanyard to be attach . why MagLite put out the earlier led model with the `` FLAT Tail Cap '' be beyond I .
Flashlight	POS	4	yes , there be a spare lamp in the tail cap . actually , one have to remove -lrb- gently -rrb- the battery spring then turn the cap down and let the spare lamp fall into you palm or on something soft .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be extremely strong enough to fight with it can be consider as a weapon . in fact i like it soo much as i buy this item and the red one also . recommend
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a good , solid , well build flashlight that feel good in the hand . the light be bright and can be change from spot to wide . it also come with a spare bulb . I think the price be also very good as I see it for ten dollar more at another place . as usual with Amazon , deliver two day later .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have a little problem with Amazon , but it be fix quick and I receive the correct product . the flash light be perfect . I be use it for both light and blunt object . it come with battery and a belt carry case . this be a 3 cell light not the 2 cell like it be state . give off a good amount of light and I be hope that because it be lead that the battery will last forever .
Flashlight	NEG	2	positive : \* build like a tank \* reliable \* well design switch  negative :  \* extremely poor beam quality -lrb- full of hole and ring , yellow-brown beam color -rrb- \* old technology -lrb- do not use a luxeon star lead bulb -rrb- \* very little usable sidespill  overall : for a $ 20 ` ish light , its fine for the average person that be satisfy with a mediocre flashlight . however , the excessively poor beam quality -lrb- yellow beam that turn brown as the battery dim , plus ring and hole in the beam -rrb- and mediocre sidespill really take lot away from this outdated flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great product consider the price . sure you 'll always find better Luxeon lead flashlight , but none that can turn into a candle . the flashlight be great for blackout , for any night activity , and it beat the led upgrade kit for the regular Mini mag . it emit a bright , far-traveling light that will not disappoint you . it also have the cool feature that even though we be deal with lead light , MagLite manage to retain the focusability feature of the flashlight , and the ability to change from spotlight to floodlight . the performance be way better than the regular minus mag . you do not get those annoying rings\/dark dull patch of distorted light . this flashlight produce a focus , uniform circle of light . Pretty neat for the price . use it for everyday task , and make sure you keep one in the car . although it be a great tool , I would not recommend it for tactical use . other than that it be great -lrb- although it be true that it lack a orifice on which to attach a lanyard -rrb- . either way , you should not be disappoint with this new addition to the MagLite family .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this be the original workhorse flashlight that have be loop to my waistbelt since 1986 . it be slim , bright , and spot-focus accurately .  the issue I have with this product be :  a -rrb- bulb have a short average 2-3 month life span , b -rrb- the bulb 's metal tail contact require slight spreading prior to insert into the main body for flicker-free operation , and c -rrb- o-ring require frequent silicone spray for smooth one hand on\/off operation of the head .
Flashlight	POS	5	Gotta say hand down this be probably the most love flashlight i have ever have . it shine super bright but illumination isnt the real reason anyone would or should buy this . its a excellent security tool . in all state this should be legal as it be classify as a illumination device untill use otherwise . and its excellent when use as other purpose the only con i have be that the endcap be not metal , i dunno why when the rest of the flashlight be superstrong aluminum and the endcap be some sort of plastic im guess . its not so much a bad thing as just a annoyance . i havent have it break nor expect it to but i would of really like that part to be metal as well . edit : contact the company , they assure I it be indeed metal endcap . sorry for the confusion
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the greatest fleshlight for work , because you can set the thing down and pivot the head to where you need light . it be like have someone hold it for you . it will withstand alot of abuse . it be very bright , for a relatively long time . the only thing that I can complain about be the price of the bulb .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be a home inspector for 19 year . about 14 year ago , I buy a mag rechargeable . in all of those year of crawl under hundred of house , bang that light against rock , floor joist , and in one case , a agitate field rat , this thing have never fail I . I be look at buy a second one , and only my FOURTH battery after all of those year !!! one of the reason for buy another one be that the switch finally fail , and I refuse to use a ` lesser ' light while I be have this one repair . the time that I have have to use my backup regular flashlight -lrb- a pretty decent rayovac roughneck -rrb- , it have be like be ` blind ' under a house ! the pure brightness be amazing ! the spot focus on this light be very precise , though I have find that some bulb focus better than other . these thing be also tough ... I have drop mine a couple of DOZEN time onto concrete and asphalt -lrb- yep !!! I be clumsy ! -rrb- and that will sometimes kill a bulb . . but the flashlight be almost indestructible ! if you could just see how battered and scar this thing be , you would not believe it still work ! you will not be disappoint in this flashlight ! it be the BEST investment that I have make in equipment ever !!! enjoy !
Flashlight	POS	4	the first time I use one of these be on a hike trip in the Grand Canyon . I be amaze how bright it be . my only two complaint about these be : 1 -rrb- while they be very tough when the battery be install , do not drop one while it be empty . the battery must help strengthen the tube . I drop mine and the tube dent easily . I could not get it round enough again to reload the battery . I have to buy a new one . 2 -rrb- do not let you battery get old . they fit so snuggly in the tube and if they swell or leak , you 'll never get they out .
Flashlight	POS	4	before decide to post this review , I decide to look over the review that be already post . I notice that many reviewer complain about low-intensity light and the relatively short battery life . well , I can see where they be come from . if you want a flashlight to use day in and day out , on every night you go camping , or to frequently navigate through a dark house , then this be definitely \* not \* the flashlight for you . why do I like it so much ? let I tell you about where and how I use it , and you 'll understand . I have be camp since I be a kid . back when I start , those giant flashlight that run on those blocky 12-volt battery be common . I have a few of those . I also have plenty of those plastic flashlight that run on d-battery -lrb- now those be true battery hog -rrb- . in time , I learn about MagLites , and begin use various model . for a number of year , I think I have settle on the 2 aa Mini model . it certainly be a great flashlight , but I find I need a flashlight less and less . as that happen , I start look for a small light I could carry `` just in case '' -- and the MagLite Solitaire fit the bill . I have be carry one for year now . you see , when I first start camping , or even if the light go out at home , I feel I need a bright , powerful flashlight . over the year I have learn , however , that such bright light serve mainly to reset you night vision . only on the most overcast and moonless night do I ever find myself really need a flashlight -- or when someone drop they car key in the back yard at the end of a long night around the fire . even when in my tent , I find that have a smaller light work out really well . it I need it on , it be bright enough to let I see , but not so bright as to disturb my tentmate . in addition , its light weight and small size make it a ideal backcountry companion . it take up alomst no room in my pocket , and hang comfortably from a piece of paracord around my neck . like its larger cousin , the Solitaire let you adjust the beam , from a tight focus to a broader diffusion . as some have note , however , the low light output -lrb- 2 lumen -rrb- be such that many may not preceive much benefit . I do find the adjustment useful , however , use the broadest diffusion when use the light for general illumination in a small space or dark area , and focus the beam when I be really try to look at something in particular . also like its larger cousin , the Solitaire will operate with the lens end remove in what be call `` candle mode '' . use that way , you could place the solitaire on a flat surface and use it like you would a candle . here 's where it really do fail compare to its larger cousin , however . on those model , the lens end be larger than the diameter of the shaft\/handle , allow the lens end to be slipped onto the bottom like a base , give the candle-mode flashlight a wider base when stand it up . since the Solitairs be the same diameter along its entire length , that be not a option . when I use it in candle mode , it be typically to quickly illuminate most of the tent , and I just keep the lens end in my off hand . the solitair be small enough that I can tuck it in between my hat and my temple , too , free both of my hand when necessary -lrb- like when try to fix my glass -rrb- . - I keep one in my tackle box , as a convenient light when need to search for some bit of tackle at dusk or after nightfall . - when camping , with the help of a little clip or piece of string , you can hang the light from a gear loft or a clip in you tent , give you a quick and easy way to light a central area -lrb- to play card , for example -rrb- . - I keep one on my key ring when I travel , just in case I need a little light to check something under the hood . - when hike , I always carry one with I `` just in case '' , even if I start out during the day time . while some decry how dim the light be , you would be amaze by how easy it be to spot even the smallest light during the dark of night . besides , but this little light up against a clear -lrb- or light color -rrb- plastic water bottle will illuminate all the water in the bottle , allow you to create a more visible object if you need to get someone 's attention . - I never use the light for more than a few minute at a time , so I have never have a complaint about the battery life . in fact , I be very happy with the battery life , and the fact that I can keep the same battery in the light for month on end without it drain down to nothing . while it be always best to take the battery out when not use it for a long time , I have have they sit in the Solitaire for a full year and still kick out light when I need it . - they make great gift . my wife and three of my kid each have one , and they all find they useful . a MagLite Solitarie be a great tool to put on a new driver 's key ring . -lrb- even better be to pair it with a Victorinox Classic Swiss Army Knife ! -rrb- - keep one in the glove box -- the small size make it really easy to handle if you need to poke around under the dashboard to replace a fuse . - put one in a mini survival kit . it be small enough to fit into many mint tin alongside other survival gear -lrb- e.g. , hook , line , match , razor -rrb- . as note before , a small light in the dark can often be see from far away . besides , in a survival situation , that light can be use to attract fish by dangle it in the water ...
Flashlight	NEU	3	I use several flashlight of this type as ship surveyor and can say that the newer version be lower quality -lrb- make in china -rrb- than before . con : 1 . this flashlight be big and very heavy 2 . the battery last about 2 hour 3 . the switch be not so strong 4 . can not charge a spare battery on original charger 5 . if you hit the flashlight you burn the bulb the power adapter fail after one month . pro : 1 . focus ability 2 . good light
Flashlight	POS	5	Unreal , fantastic , unbelievably great just be sure to order a Replacement Lamp in case unintentionally contend and battery pack -lrb- additional -rrb- note this be a Halogen flashlight
Flashlight	POS	5	pro : comfortable to hold and point focusable , not that I ever use anything but pinpoint focus . but a #ell of a lot better than the ` average focus ' beam most flashlight be permanently fix in . this focus ability allow a very tight bright beam that cut through shadow and allow you to see clearly what you be look at , within reason . for example , I have use this flashlight on Boy Scout camping trip , include the summer weeklong ` exhaust the adult ' trip . the beam be tight enough that across the camp site -lrb- 50-75yds -rrb- I can not only see who\/what be cause a ruckus , I can target specific lad -lrb- s -rrb- so they know I have a good idea of the ruckus cause and cease they disruptive action . several kid have comment that the flashlight be the brightest they have have point at they -lrb- good to know , since it indicate they have not be target by the 4-6 cell maglight favor by police -rrb- . store very well . I keep a saddlebag arrangement across my center console and my flashlight sit right within reach without lean . I do warn folk , that battery do not like to cook or freeze and do not last as long when leave in the vehicle . I have replace the battery more often because they be old than because I use the light too much . this include a couple of month long trip where the flashlight be use daily . I confess to replace the battery halfway through the month because I think I should rather than I need to . I have not use the flashlight continually for eight-twelve hour stretch as a traffic coordinator would , but I have use it a lot for 2-3 hour stretch during these trip . in any case , the battery last a long time in these light . con : the flashlight bulb be rate for 36 hour . there be a peak brightness period and a slow dim down . if the flashlight be dim on fresh quality battery , you need to replace the bulb . -lrb- or you leave the battery in a sun cook car too often\/long -rrb- . by quality battery , I mean the high end brand name one . not the bargain store , gray market , or expire one . if you use these latter battery , you deserve a dim flashlight ; blame yourself , not the flashlight . if you buy brand name battery at a bargain store ` CHECK the BEST use by date ! ' there may be a reason they be cheap . I convert a couple to use led bulb . I be not not thrill . I be happy in the converted one be my emergency light and I leave they -lrb- like fire extinguisher -rrb- leave alone for long period of time . when I check they -lrb- prior to a big storm -rrb- I be more interested in make sure the battery have not go bad . the focus ability be very restricted with led and the light seem less bright -lrb- possibly becasue I can not focus a tight spot beam -rrb- . I do not like the belt fastener -lrb- a loop of cord work as well -rrb- and put this flashlight in you pocket be unwieldy -lrb- and make you pants slip -rrb- . so either the flashlight be hold , lay down or put away -lrb- like in a overhead pack pocket , saddlebag or drawer -rrb- . it would be nice if there be some flatter side to keep the flashlight stable when lay down so one can aim the light to see and then use both hand .
Flashlight	POS	5	perfect for my husband work . he use it when he get a crawl space as a service technician thanks for my mag lite
Flashlight	POS	5	my husband keep this by the bed ready to shine it into the eye of any intruder . this be not only a flash light , it could be consider a weapon . this be one heavy flashlight which could almost be use as a mini weight bar . the light turn on with the press of a button and you can adjust the light beam to focus in or show a wide beam to see you way while walk in the dark , say while camping . Doug 's review will tell you the detail , I just want to tell you how much my husband love this flashlight . do all guy love this mag-lite brand ? must be a Tim the Toolman power light thing ! for woman , I recommend the mini mag-lite , it be cute and be much lighter to carry around . you can keep it in the car or in you purse . ~ the Rebecca Review
Flashlight	POS	5	order this for my Dewalt dw919 rechargeable light ... we recieve this item fast and bulb be very bright . . two in the package ... thanks !
Flashlight	POS	5	you wont be sorry if you buy a mag light . we just buy the 3 cell mag light for my father in law birthday . my husband already have one they be very nice . and last forever . I think its the best flashlight we have ever own ...
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy this flashlight after see all the advertising for Maglite . what a disappointment ! it be small and put out maybe 20 lumen of light , if that . the lumen be so low that Maglite never even list the lumen on any of its product , unlike its competitor . this thing might make a decent booklight but that be not what I buy it for . for the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer I could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
Flashlight	POS	5	this review be for the 3 aa battery lead version -lrb- currently amazon have the title and description of the aa lead model mix up -rrb- . I have no less than 10 maglite in several size and color ... this one blow they all away ! to give you a example of how bright it be : in candle mode this flashlight be brighter than my fluorscent camping lantern that use 8 size d battery . this thing totally outshine comparable maglite more than 10 time its size . every automobile should have one of these in the glovebox , and no camp-box be complete without one .
Flashlight	POS	5	I order this and think there be one in each package , but there be two in each . no big deal , can always use they . just be aware .
Flashlight	POS	5	I receive what I want for Christmas , the 6-d cell maglite in Black , along with a terrelux 140 luman bulb . the two be a win combination . you will not lose this flashlight . it will not break . it do shine 3 football field away . you will be view with authority while wield it . I keep it under the bed so that when the power go out or there be a bump in the night , I know where to find it . it be a club and a light , exactly what you need when you hear noise in the night . love it ! every man should want one . it weigh well over 5 lb and it 'll pack a punch if necessary . two hand be require for a good swing . it be about the weight of a professional baseball bat with battery install .
Flashlight	POS	5	we have be buy these Maglite Mini flashlight for quite a while . I have yet to try they lead version , but for now these work perfectly for I . I know that the LED one be supposedly much better , but at this price point , I have a very hard time pass these up . we probably must have about 3 or 4 of these around we home , and I personally keep 1 in every toolbag or toolbox . with the cheap price of these you can have one in every room and anywhere else you can think of . you also have a wide variety of color to choose from , but I stick to the modest , classic black annodized . I know that this be just a review for a simple flashlight , but I believe maglite to be the best , and I hope this review help .
Flashlight	POS	4	the official DeWalt seal packaging say that the bulb be make in Japan . Amazon 's packaging be sturdy . I include a couple of picture . the filament look nearly perfect as you can see . I do some serious soldering . the filament connection look strange to I , but other can judge for themselves . overall , the bulbs\/packaging look fine , buy this product be a bright idea . plan to use it in my Bosch 10.8 \/ 12 volt flashlight . good luck and have fun .
Flashlight	POS	5	anyone who live as far out in the rural countryside as I do get accustom to power interruption , whether they be due to down power line from ice storm , someone hit a key telephone pole and knock out a transformer , or be the result of one of the occassional electrical storm we have during the warmer month of the year . in any and all of these circumstance I can always depend on my collection of mag-light to see I through the darkness of the house in order to light my well-used candle and oil lamp until the power be finally restore . I also have one in each of my two truck , and when I recently narrowly miss hit a startled deer late at night and go off the road into a muddy field , the trusty mag light be invaluable in help I find a winching point to pull myself out of the muddy gully . so , whether it be a venture down into the blacken hole my basement become late at night , or find my way to the bathroom in the middle of the night , I can always depend on my mag light to candle-power my way wherever I be go . I have three or four of the larger one like the one display here , but actually have more than five or six of the smaller one as well . I love mine , and although I seem to misplace at least one or two a year , I always have a ample supply of both mag-light and replacement battery because I find they be absolutely essential out here in the wood . get one today .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I be shop for a lead flashlight . I do not get one . the review under this item describe a lead flashlight . I think that the item be lead , so I order it . read very carefully as the review under this item be not for this item . it be very misleading .
Flashlight	POS	5	a quality build flashlight make here in the USA . at a great price , from Amazon with free shipping . will not be lose or misplace this one with the size that make it easy to find when store under the car seat . with the 6 d-cell the light be very bright , and should provide good light after be store for a length of time . I highly recommend this mag-lite . MAGLITE S6D016 Heavy-Duty 6-D cell flashlight
Flashlight	NEG	2	these be decent light for navigate the wood in the dark , but if you do ... get two of they . they like to cut out often , require a sharp rap to get work again ... then they work just fine for a bit ... and repeat the entire scenario all over again . it be as though the contact be inferior and unable to provide a constant load to the led bulb . why do they send more of those stupid nylon sheath ? I have to have at least twenty of they now over the year , and have yet to actually find any use for any of they . on a positive note , they be plenty bright , and the battery last quite a while , if they would just always work as they should , they would be great ... but they just plain do not ... not at all dependable .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be use my rechargable mag light with the ni-cad battery pack for over five year . it charge when I be not use the light and when I pick it up to use the light these battery really hold a charge . I take it on trip without even bring the charger . it be one of my favorite tool . the battery do not leak and it be ZERO trouble . I recommend this light and battery pack for everyone . portable , rugged , dependable and very useful .
Flashlight	POS	5	as always Maglite be the best . especially when price like this . thank you for that . the actual weight of this flashlight with 6 copper-top be about 2 or 3 pound . so it be probably too long and heavy for close quarter mechanic type work . but for those of we that need a unofficial `` weapon '' on the job , this more than fit the bill . I hope to get the glass break tip soon .
Flashlight	POS	5	if the NCAA sanction a intercollegiate sport call Cranky Light Sleeper , my wife would be the division I national champion . meanwhile , I be the guy who need to chill and read for a while before drift off to sleep , maybe even have a chat ... and they say we guy be not relational . much to my surprise , the athletic prodigy who sleep beside I offer just a few day ago that I might want to ` read with a flashlight ' and that this would not meaningfully interrupt she nocturnal ambition . would not you know , I be prepared . the Mini mag Lite be ideal for clandestine bedtime reading \* and \* auto glove compartment . those be the two application where I have a Mini mag standing by . the thing put out great light and allow you to focus the beam by turn the uppermost portion of the flashlight . it have the survivability of a cockroach in a nuclear winter . it be compact and have a nifty little soft carry case , though I have never see the virtue of that . a great buy .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be simply the best flashlight I have ever use . really like the light focus feature and solid feel .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I must have have just plain bad luck on the two flashlight I order . the other customer review be very good . on one flashlight I be able to insert the battery and screw on the tailend , but I notice there be no spare light bulb as be promise . the other flashlight I can not screw the tail part on despite all my effort . I will have someone stronger than I try it , but this should not be necessary .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a quality product , I have be in possesion of a maglite for only a couple of week but within that time it have display great durability be run over twice by a tractor and be regularly drop . it also come in handy for light thing up apparently .
Flashlight	POS	5	you could use this thing as a baseball bat and it would still shine bright and strong everytime . hand down the best flashlite , period .
Flashlight	POS	5	no matter what size flashlight you prefer to carry or keep in you home\/car , buy a maglite . they come in all size , and for a few dollar more , you be get a flashlight that will survive anything and work when you need it . Trust I , you will make you money back in the long run . I only feel cheated because all of my maglite will outlast my lifetime . I be go to have to leave they to someone in my will .
Flashlight	POS	5	the maglite -lrb- any size -rrb- make a great gift for folk of all age . I recently buy two Maglite Minis for my child . -lrb- my husband have a maglite that have be around for a very long time . -rrb- we have go around and around with other flashlight that just do not hold up to the rigourous outdoor play that my boy be use they for . these have last already through bump and smash and they have really hold up . they come with a extra bulb and with the first set of battery . they be also make in the USA . a flashlight make to last .
Flashlight	POS	5	purchase this light as a extra to work where there be dim lighting . use this item several time since purchase ,
Flashlight	POS	5	I love my minus maglite - it be perfect for keep in my purse for those time when I be stuck and in need of light . it come in handy all the time ! I recently give this light as a gift to a 12 year old boy , and he love it too . it be just so reliable , sturdy , and the bulb last for age and age . the price be great for something that will last forever .
Flashlight	POS	5	these mag light be great as they pierce even the darkest corner , thanks !
Flashlight	POS	5	I originally buy the lead model of this flashlight thinking I can mod that use a terralux lead mod , but that model have the wrong type of bulb socket . the regular non-led be the one of buy for the TerraLux mod . and it be very bright as soon as I pull out the regular bulb and install the terralux ministar2 tle-5ex mod . the only portable flashlight I need to carry around with I now .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own a few 4-cell maglite over a period of 27 year . they be extremely durable and produce a incredible amount of illumination . by simply twist the head , you can go from floodlight to spot very quickly . they be very water resistant as well . during my past line of work , my maglite also serve as a effective alternative baton . you will find many detractor that write about how the -lrb- maglite -rrb- technology be outdate , and that product from SureFire and Streamlight be superior in utilize new super-bright led technology , and in energy efficiency . this be all true . but there be counterpoint to these statement . one be that the more modern led product tend to be very expensive -lrb- some of they top $ 250.00 -rrb- , where a 4 cell maglite will run you about $ 25.00 s&h; include . Second be that I do not see one of the lead product offer that be durable or heavy enough to second as a weapon . the only drawback be if you be a boater , maglite definitely do not float if drop overboard . if you be a back packer , I would not recommend this due to weight issue . I would recommend the mini-maglite instead which also offer great illumination , the same flood to spot feature , and be very durable and water-resistant , but be much lighter -lrb- it only need two aa cell -rrb- . aside from that , I could not be happier . they be the best flashlight you can get for the price .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite s6d016 heavy-duty 6-d cell flashlight , black  it have never fail . the focus and brightness be fantastic . it be a little long and heavy , but if you want a potential personal defense tool , it can certainly fill a niche . because it be so long and heavy , it have a lot of momentum and for a un-trained person , it could possibly be take away by a attacker . if you be a pet lover and walk you dog where there be either human de-sensitized coyote or feral dog pack , the impact can be lethal and the brightness enough to blind temporarily for a fast getaway . although I be a 20 + yr armed\/unarmed instructor and be also train in the use of baton , I feel quite comfortable with it although it be slower to maneuver than a straight wood baton . besides be a long-lasting and reliable source of focusable light , it be not consider a weapon . when visit NYC year ago , it be always in my daypack . I have hear rumor that the construction be not as good now and I will definitely review the new one when I get it .
Flashlight	NEU	3	my mag instrument s4d016 black heavy duty 4 D-Cell Flashlight get a lot of use . this be the one -lrb- and the 6d-cell -rrb- light that lot of law enforcement carry . it be effective as a flashlight and as a tool if the use of force need to be escalate in subdue a bg -lrb- bad Guy -rrb- - order give with confidence and with commanding voice , physical force include night stick or mag light , side arm , shot gun -rrb- . there be a lot go on within the technology of flashlight recently . LED , Lithium battery , focus bezel , etc. . the mag have fall from grace a bit technologically , but be still a great flashlight for police \/ emt INCLUDING look for criminal , terrorist or signalling for a chopper pick up . the Mag Instrument S4D016 Black Heavy Duty 4 D-Cell Flashlightt be very durable and they be prove reliable . but even the police and emt and military be switch over to more tecnologically advanced product and technique to go along with the new equipment . . they have to . they life and the life of other depend on the best equipment available . and for a long time that be Mag Light . do not get I wrong . I have depend on mag lite of all size for year . but head to head , thesurefire brand have quickly surpass mag lite in every importantant aspect of flashlight - usable light power , size and weight . the Mag Instrument S4D016 Black Heavy Duty 4 D-Cell Flashlight be a good value and I have several in the house and the vehicle . but they be be replace by surefire as they wear out . John Row
Flashlight	POS	5	mag lite flashlight to I be the best that be on the market today for the money . this 3 `` c '' cell flashlight be alot more lightweight than its heavier counterpart and be very bright , do not let its size fool you this be a very powerful flashlight and it be also construct from high quality aircraft aluminum and be waterproof . I give it my full endorsement to anyone who be interested .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the flashlight be very handy and utilitarian . I like the reliability . it be tough , water resistant , etc. . I must have drop it several time on a concrete and no problem whatsoever . it be bright for the size , especially in total darkness and you can adjust the beam . nice feature and so be the candle mode . now , here be one problem that I have with it . I I usually carry this flashlight on my belt -lrb- under my clothes -rrb- in the nylon sheath it come with . many , many time the head twist make the light come on . it be after a few hour that I notice . it be a waste of battery . the head should not twist so easily as it do . if you do not plan on carry it in the sheath then this should not be a issue , still maglite should solve this problem . other than that , this flashlight be excellent and the quality and material be superb and it be make in usa . for the price , it be worth every penny .
Flashlight	POS	4	till now , I have be make do with minimag with various lead drop-in , and the 3 d cell mag , whch be excellent light . the 3d always be too large , heavy , and awkward , though . despite a almost pathological negativity by so-called `` expert '' against MagLite product , for the past 35 year , I have find mine rugged , reliable , and rather good-looking . I really do not need a new flashlight , but just recently , I decide to see what all the yell be about , and purchase the lead version of the MiniMag light . scary bright ! a excellent light-weight light , nearly as bright as the 3d as it come from the package . I feel the additional mode , strobe and SOS , -lrb- probably do with a eye to the competition -rrb- be of very little practical usefulness , except in extreme and rare circumstance , but the lighting level be nice . I put a terralux tailcap switch on my MiniMag LED , something I feel the factory should have provide , and it cycle through the mode without a hiccup . I have never find MagLite 's focus ability to be necessary , so I just set the focus where I wish , and use the tailcap switch . I do not know yet if the durability will match my regular minimag , but judge from my past experience , it will be excellent . recommend : four star , because of the extra , `` fluff '' mode , inconvenient operation without a tailcap , and the need to focus constantly .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a very fine flashlight . it put out a surprising amount of light for its size . the beam be adjustable from wide and diffuse to narrow and focus . you can also remove the lens and it become omnidirectional , perfect when you be in a tent . the holster keep it within reach at all time , instead of feel around on the ground in the dark for it . I use it a lot more than my larger maglight for just this reason . the battery last a lot longer than in other brand of small flashlight , and you get considerably more light as well . a must own for any outdoors fan , and a bargain as well .
Flashlight	POS	5	my old 2-aa cell maglite finally stop work after 20 year due to battery that leak inside . after check flashlight forum and numerous review , I decide to stick with maglite and buy a new 2-aa cell model with a led light . it work as advertise , and all of my maglite accessory work perfectly with it . I be a happy customer and would replace it if lose or steal , and I 'll be more careful in the future with battery so I do not have any further problem .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have every size of maglite d cell flashlight and this holder be a must for the big one . good product send quickly .
Flashlight	POS	5	very bright little flashlight . nice little pouch with it fit almost anywhere but be as bright as a larger flash light . still use initial battery have have for 2 + month .
Flashlight	NEU	3	maglite use to be the standard for good flashlite . not anymore . this one have poor illuminationtion and use battery like there be no tommorrow
Flashlight	POS	5	be use one of these for so long I do not know when I get the previous one . lose the last one by accident , be cursing myself ever since . I keep one of these on I wherever I go , always handy . I like the traditional non-led version because the beam be focusable . I buy the Nite-Ize on\/off switch to go with this one so that it do not accidentally turn on and waste battery .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this flashlight be ok in most situation , but only put out 2 lumen of light . I suggest get a flashlight that have more lumen .
Flashlight	POS	4	I be give my 2d maglite as a gift from my brother . the light have prove to be very reliable and have never fail I . maglite do produce very high quality and durable flashlight . they should put more development into brighter bulb . I have several surefire flashlight and they completely blow this light away , while be much smaller . I have a rechargable surefire duty light that be smaller and weigh 1\/3 as much as this light . at the same time my Surefire produce 10x the output of this light . I have put a mag lead module in it for more output . now I can justify the size of the light . it will put out about 30lumen for about 20hr now . the problem the light have in stock form be that the light would reach 50 % light output in 1 hour of runtime . the remain output decline throughout the 10hr of runtime and eventually be produce relatively weak light . it do not make much sense to haul 30oz . of weight for the light output that this light put out after 5hr of runtime . I would like to see mag do some research into some brighter bulb . I really like the heft and feel that this light provide . I give the 4d maglite a lower rating just because it be ridiculously large for the light output it provide . with the led module in this 2 cell light it match the output of its larger 3-4 cell brother yet be more efficient . I still prefer incand . light though so I would like mag to put brighter bulb in these . in stock form Maglites get blow away by they competition .
Flashlight	POS	5	securely hold mag light . I give these with new lead mag light as a gift to my Dad , he love the whole setup . as he have get older he would never be able to find a flashlight , now they be always in the same place . a little tight to remove and replace but loosen up with some use .
Flashlight	POS	5	we have use these Dewalt 12 volt flashlight for many year now , what I love be they be so handy , easy to use . you can recharge the battery and the battery can be use with other tool . they be very durable , drop they many time . I 'll stress the 12 volt , it be sufficient and be lightweight , go to a 18 volt and it get kinda cumbersome to lug around .
Flashlight	POS	5	small , compact , yet bright and sturdy . ca not really say anymore since the quality speak for itself . I buy this for my girlfriend who put it in she car for emergency . can not trust anything else !
Flashlight	POS	5	third-party supplier be lousy performer by send rx2019 which have no 110 volt charge unit , then lie about it as be a superior quality and more costly unit .
Flashlight	POS	4	a little bit bigger than i expect , that be the reason why i be give it 4 star
Flashlight	POS	4	this flashlight be a spare flashlight that we keep around for blackout and anytime we need a larger portable light source . it be we heaviest flashlight . despite this it look hitech due to its black sleek metal case . my son love to play with this one .
Flashlight	POS	5	this light put out about 200 lumen , it be much brighter than any of the surefire 2 cell light such as the e2e , etc -lrb- which start out at 60 lumen and then drop off as you use they -rrb- . it also do not eat expensive lithium battery -lrb- at anywhere from 1.50 to 4 buck per battery -rrb- . Surefire make 3 and 4 cell and even 6 cell -lrb- lithium -rrb- which be brighter , but again you be feed they expensive lithium cell . of course , this be a old technology light that be as big as a club and heavy , BUT IT 's BRIGHT and run for 2 hour on a charge -lrb- by then you would have spend 10-20 buck on battery feed a surefire -rrb- . the new Magchargers have a spare bulb in the tail , and be much brighter than any of the alkaline d cell maglite -lrb- those be all very dim , or get dim after half a hour -rrb- . it be a great general purpose light , you just can not put it in you pocket .
Flashlight	POS	5	fit my 2 d cell maglite perfectly . I mount these on the b pillar of my truck with different hardware than what come with the kit .
Flashlight	POS	5	I just get this aa Mini Maglite package with a 3d lead mag at Home Depot . I be look for the 3d when I find this 2 pac . man be I glad I do . this aa minus mag be FANTASTIC for a small light . I compare it side by side with a TERRALUX Lightstar 220 , rate at , you guess it , 220 lumen . unbelievable ! I aim each light at the top of a 30 ft. tree , about 100 ft. away . both light illuminate the tree top , but the Mini mag really define the branch clearly . the Terralux just kind of light up the area at the top of the tree . this Mini mag have a Cree XPE # 106 bulb in it and be far superior to the upgrade lead bulb available at Amazon for under $ 9.00 . if you have a old Mini mag , that be a good upgrade to extend battery life . do Yourself a Favor and buy the latest version aa Mini Mag as well . you will not be sorry ! the only thing that I do not care for be the extra mode . besides the 2 brightness level , there be 2 Blinky mode . one just blink on and off , the other emit a Mores Code SOS . I would rather just have 2 light level mode that I could switch back and forth . I also would like a tail switch so I do not have to fool with the focus every time I turn it on . maybe I 'll look for the tail switch replacement that someone else mention . I still rate it 5 star because it be a fantastic light . the only reason that I do not buy this light on Amazon be because I be not really look for a new Mini mag . I could not find the the 3d with the 131 luman rating that I be look for on Amazon . like I say , the add bonus of this aa Mini be a unexpected surprise ! bluwolf
Flashlight	POS	5	its small , its well build -lrb- i buy it to fit a burner lazer in it , but after i hold it in my hand i just coudnt let my self tear that masterpeice apart -rrb- , its so bright that it can make you go blind , it have adjustable beam width , ITS AWESOME ! money well spend .
Flashlight	POS	5	need to light up a space with a powerful flashlight ? this be the way to go . it be a bit lighter than the 4 d cell version which be great for anyone who might want or need to hand-hold this for more than a minute or two . for my money this 2 cell light throw just as powerful a beam as its bigger sibling . it focus to a concentrated spot and with the twist of you wrist spread a broad beam to light a path in the darkest place . I have stand it on end , bounce the light off the ceiling and illuminate a small room with mine . not enough to live with but certainly look for something small on the floor !  the rubber gasket keep water out if you need to use it in the rain or in any place it might get a good dousing . the rubberized power switch be easy to find in the dark and easy to click on . a extra lamp come in the base cap . nice touch .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a short Maglite . I leave it in the glove box of the car . it work great . I have have it over a year and each time I have use it the light have work fine . it be not a large beam of light ; but for look at small thing up close it work fine .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this be a cleverly design and well build product which will make a valuable addition to you tool box , provide you already have a couple DeWalt or B&D; 12v battery -lrb- they be interchangeable -rrb- . it would not make sense to buy a separate battery for it , as they cost about 2x as much as the light itself . these light be also make for other voltage , include 9.6 and 14.4 v.  I compare this light to a 2-d cell magnalite which weigh about the same -lrb- 1.5 lb w\/battery . -rrb- as one would expect give the difference in voltage -lrb- 12v vs. 3v -rrb- , the DeWalt appear to be several time as bright as the Magnalite and have a beam 3-4x as wide .  I only give the light three star because -lrb- 1 -rrb- it be overprice , even w \/ Amazon 's discount -lrb- 2 -rrb- replacement bulb be also expensive , although they do include a spare , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- you can not focus the beam - a wider `` flood '' beam would be preferable to the more intense spot for many application .  if all you want be a general-purpose lantern , there be several 6v dry cell unit available which represent better value . however , this one will utilize you exist battery & charger , and with its solid base and tilt capability can be configure to illuminate the typical work site better than most of its competitor .
Flashlight	NEG	1	if you think you be get the spring STEEL clip with rubber coating , THINK again . THESE THINGS be shiny black brittle look plastic !
Flashlight	POS	4	for my use this work great . so far I have not have any issue get the light it in or out , it do hit the on button sometimes and make the light flash when you pull it out . I have not break it in yet , and the button to close it be very tight , it take a really firm tug to open it , I assume it will eventually get easier , if not too easy to open . if you pack a flashlight every day you might want one deign for that , but if you like I and just pack it on you person occasionally -lrb- camp trip , hunting , fishing ... -rrb- this work fine .
Flashlight	NEG	1	overall it be a nice light . it be bright . it be durable . I have own a couple and they never break on I . but it be absolutely inexcusable that there be not a way to lock it on and off . I have never carry one that do not end up get accidentally turn on while in the factory provide sheath . simply put , it be not there when I need it and a simple little button would have fix it and make it perfect .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this light to attach to my mossberg 500 , now i know its not mean to be a gun light but it stand up to the abuse i put it through and its plenty bright for indoor use and limited outdoor use . Great little light , you cant go wrong with it .
Flashlight	POS	5	the Dewalt bulb be the best out there . they be brighter than other flashlight bulb yet be very tough and can withstand be drop while on . I do not have a Dewalt flashlight but I use they in my Porter Cable and Bosch flashlight and they out perform the bulb than come with those flashlight . I highly recommend these bulb you will not be disappoint .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this light because I have a flashlight addiction . I also find pleasure in own thing that will outlast I . in addition to this 6-d maglite , I purchase a Nite Ize 1 watt lead dropin from Lighthound , which I install as soon as I receive the club -lrb- flashlight , sorry -rrb- . led or no led , maglite be a exceptional value for a heavy duty flashlight that will provide year of service and be easily modify . we have a half dozen scatter throughout the house . I be astounded at the sheer enormity of this light . Haha . it be truly a beast , suitable for carry on a belt loop while patrolling one 's neighborhood during a blackout or disaster , or for walk one 's dog , or when walk through the nasty side of town . it be heavy enough to do damage and long enough to give you some reach without get too close to someone 's hand . it would also make a good light for one 's vehicle , to ride along next to you . sorry , this one will not fit in you glovebox . the one thing about standard incandescent flashlight -lrb- maglite include -rrb- be that the bulb be not very durable . the aluminum casing and bezel be almost indestructible , but once you wail on someone or use it as a hammer , or drop it into a sinkhole -lrb- bad experience while cave , long story -rrb- , they be pretty much shot , and you once-dual-use item be now a expensive and heavy piece of milled barstock . with a lead dropin kit install , this problem be negate -lrb- there be many such kit ; some burn hotter than other , but do not last as long , and some be barely brighter than moonlight , but last hundred of hour on a single set of battery -rrb- . I think Nite Ize be good compromise , as long as you get the 1-watt bulb . seem they have clock better than 28 hour during run test , and this on a 3-c cell light . with more battery come higher output and longer runtime . check out Candlepowerforums.com for more info . either way I be glad I buy this light . it give I a less-lethal option with more reach than a pocket lead light , and a focusable beam . plus , it be likely that it will outlive I . in a throw away world , mag Instruments stand out . they manufacture item that be not only fully warranteed , but be bombproof , make in the USA , -lrb- mostly -rrb- , and to top it all , you can find they largest light on Amazon for less than 30 bone . I think that be a laudable record . they have my business , for life . pmz
Flashlight	POS	5	great WELL MADE \/ BOUGHT the 2 MOUNTING CLIPS & RUBBER ANTIROLL COVER \/ BIG heavy BRIGHT . CLIPPED RIGHT @ MY back door ! HAVE the NEXT SIZE SMALLER in MY CARS .
Flashlight	POS	5	what can one say about Maglite ? they the best ! I have a full size mag and several of the minus 's . I love the Mini-Mag lead !!! first off they as indestructable as a light be gonna come . serious shock resistance ... serious water resistance ... not a hammer and not a diver 's light but as close as the most of we will ever need . secondly they weight be about right . Heavy enough to protect they but not so heavy that it can not be carry in a pack in the outdoors . next up be the grip , it do have a nice checkered pattern etch into the shell that give a good grip even with glove or even when wet . battery life always depend on usage but be about average for most aa light . like most LED 's , bulb life be advertise as 100k hour . while I do not think it will last that long , it will make it long enough to make you feel it be a worthwile investment , and the bulb probably will not be what fail first anyway . next let talk about light...four-funtion of light ! by twist the bezel counter-clockwise it turn on the full power beam . now it be not the brightest compact light in the world -lrb- that distiction go to lithium power tactical light -rrb- but for a AA Alkaline power light , it the brightest I have see . brighter infact than my 3aa power Gerber tx3 .0 ! I have not do a distance comparison between they yet , but I can tell you that sit in my chair in the wood camping , the Mini-Mag illuminate distance up to 30 ' like daylight ! I be not kid ! distance up 50 ' can be see pretty well assume there be not too much clutter to cast shadow . also a big plus ; unlike previous generation of Mini-Mag LED 's , the bezel can adjust to focus the beam . finally turn it clockwise until it tighten and stop will turn off the light . now that be one fuction ... turn the bezel couter-clockwise and then back off , then counter-clockwise -lrb- or on-off-on -rrb- within about 3 seconds will take you to mode # 2 ... low power . accord to the box it be about 25 % power . I find it to be a great reading light , map light for the car , light to look in small space where too much power could `` wash out '' or blind you eye . in fact I use it for navigation in total darkness . that way I be not totally blind when I turn off my light . next mode # 3 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on -rrb- it be a flasher that flash at about 1 flash per second . Great for signaling ! I speak from experence here . I have a family member lose after a hike that get past sundown . I hike to a ridgetop right off the road then use this flasher to help they locate I . it work ! it be not a high speed strobe so it be not a defense tool , but as a locator signal , I give it a useful thumb up ! finally mode # 4 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on-off-on -rrb- S.O.S. mode . I seriously doubt anyone of we will be so lose or stand that we 'll be signal pass plane and ship but hey I guess if you be ... in all seriousness though if it be all you have get , it could help you be find by rescure or a passer-by . consider this , a 100 % truely dead car battery , mean no 4-way flasher . it addition help show that you need help with this almost universally recognize help signal , it also help make you vehicle visible avoid a potentially deadly accident . all in all , perhaps a little gimicky , perhaps not ... it all depend on what you intend to do with you new light . one final word about the bezel switch . after about 3 to 5 seconds of sit in either the off or on position , the next time the light be turn on it will return to full power output -lrb- aka mode # 1 -rrb- . I be not kid when I say this be my favorite product I have ever review ! there be so many use ! and everyone have need of it , they may just not know it yet !
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be versatile and give bright light and be lightweight to use . as you would expect from DEWALT , this flashlight be worth the purchase price of $ 29 that I pay for it on Amazon . excelent work light or to have around the house .
Flashlight	POS	5	they be flashlight and then they be maglite . the beam on this be very bright and white\/natural . the method to switch between mode take a little time to get use to but i like it now . focus the beam of the led be a little different than a classic maglite . nice quality and look .
Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , it remember I when I be young . I do the purchase for a experiment , hope lead maglite exist .
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase this flashlight because the regular flashlight I be use to walk the dog at night keep eat battery and be not bright enough . this flashlight do not go through battery as quick as my old one and be much brighter . I have only change battery once , and I think that be only because I use cheap battery . the only thing I wish I have for it that I do not be a wrist strap . I have drop it in the yard a couple of time . I may get the wrist strap next . I would recommend this light to any one that need a small flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I would give it 3.5 star - no half star allow - 3 star be more accurate than 4 . the construction quality of the flashlight be just ok - not very good . it might be easily break - compare with my 3 d-battery maglite buy in 2005 , this one be not on the same bar . the beam be very bright , and by a single twist of the switch , it reduce to 1\/3 . the operation be simple and nice - twist to turn it on , quick twist again for reduce beam , again for flash , and again for so . Main problem that I give it 3 star - after turn it on , I hundred ton of micro air bubble in the front glass . for a $ 20 maglite flash light , I will not stand with it . I mainly use the small flash light to examine dust and fungus inside lens and other equipment - the air bubble give I a illusion of dust . this be undesired . I be now look for another high quality , compact flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	we buy this flashlight for we boss , and he love it . it have amazing range , and a very impressive beam . I truly wish I have get one for Christmas myself . excellent quality , and well think out . Bravo !
Flashlight	POS	4	there be lot of better light out there . but for less then $ 20 , you can not beat the price for this flashlight . especially if you just need something to have around the house . the only real problem I have with this light be that the switch tend to come off fairly easy . it be not too hard to put it back on , and if you lose it , it be fairly cheap to replace -lrb- less then $ 2 -rrb- . but still annoying .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not rate this item because I do not get my package ! I order it 18 day ago and it do have tracking info for the first few day . now it be track info be unavailable and I have no clue where it be ! now thanks to Amazon not know where my product be , I be now very upset ! I would be CAREFUL ORDERING THIS ITEM you MAY NOT get it !!
Flashlight	POS	4	use inside a jeep tj to hold maglight . Works as advertise , have hold up well . have to fill in review with more word
Flashlight	POS	5	maglight torch be well build and tough I upgrade mine with terralux 300m-ex lead , it now produce a wall of light much brighter than standard bulb or Maglights own lead version . the 6d be quite big and heavy and will not fit in you pocket .  terralux tle-300m-ex lead upgrade kit for -lrb- 4-6 d cell only -rrb- maglite flashlite . 700 lumen with 3 brightness level .
Flashlight	POS	4	First of all , for those wonder , this be not the latest revision of the Maglite Mini lead . as of this write the latest Maglite Mini LED be 77 lumen while the one I get from Amazon be 69 lumen . I know 8 lumen be not a huge difference but I be a sucker for have the latest version . the flashlight it be self be nice . I keep it in a black organizer so the silver stand out nicely . this be the first flashlight I have use and own that have different mode . honestly , about a month ago I do not even know flashlight have become so technologically advance so the mode be very cool . especially low power mode . you do not always need all 69 lumen so save some battery life be a plus . overall , it be a very nice flashlight especially for the $ 14 I pay for it . at it be normal advertised price there might be better option out there that be brighter and smaller . do I mention this flashlight be almost 7 '' long ? it be pretty big . on another note , do anyone know if the aftermarket crenelate bezel and window breaker for the incandescent Mini Maglite will fit on the lead version ?
Flashlight	POS	5	good product , mount easily and keep my maglite secure and ready at all time .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several of these Mini MagLites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . I have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- I do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do I own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... I keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , I keep a regular Mag-Lite in the trunk , too . I keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . I keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . I keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . I learn my lesson in the 1994 Northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for AA Mini MagLite , 2-pack
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have own a variety of high-end flashlight over the year and at one time work as a Sheriff 's Sergeant in a major metropolitan area . in that line of work a bright flashlight be a tool of the trade , and be carry at all time , even during the day .  a belt holder for a flashlight should keep the flashlight securely attach to the belt and allow the user to rapidly deploy and replace the flashlight with a minimum of fuss . it should allow the flashlight the freedom to swing and swivel to accommodate sit in a vehicle and\/or ride a snomobile , atv or similar conveyance . this belt holder only accomplish the first objective . while it do hold the flashlight securely , it tend to bind if one attempt to remove the flashlight without use a second hand to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body and a second hand be require to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body to return the flashlight to it be holstered position . the ring also have only limited freedom to allow the flashlight to swing forwards and backwards to clear obstacle and vehicle steat and saddle .  for casual use this product be ok . but for professional use , the product 's single-axis swinging ring design detract from it be usefullness . if you be serious about a flashlight holster , buy one of the all-leather product that have a ring that be soft and compliant and hold itself at 90 degree to the belt ring . these can be obtain at a police equipment supply .
Flashlight	POS	4	order the 6 cell for my work , and it be the only thing around that can be still use as a flashlight & defensive baton in one nice package , I still see Maglites as still reliable , put in a Terralux LED and its ready for the next century .
Flashlight	POS	5	though this 2d model be slightly smaller than the 4d model that many people be familar with , this model be just as useful . in fact , I prefer the 2d model because it be easier to handle and not as awkward to carry as the longer 4d model . the light in this baby shine bright enough to almost completely illuminate a small room . if you so desire , you can focus the beam or let it spill out . the bulb hardly ever have to be replace and even if you use the inexpensive battery , they do not need to be replace as often either -lrb- the light suck all the juice out -rrb- . besides just be a great flashlight , the mag-lite 2d also work well as a club -- you can actually knock someone out cold . a great tool ; one that every home should at least have one of .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be a Maglite , and it live up to the reputation of its american brand . it be solidly build and work well . this thing will probably last a lifetime . scroll through the color option because you may be able to find the same flashlight for nearly half the price in a different color . I purchase it with the `` MAGLITE AM2A016 Mini AA Flashlight Accessory Pack '' so that I could attach the red filter and use it for stargaze .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a bright light at a great price very happy over all good buy !!
Flashlight	POS	5	we live in a southeastern U.S. city that lose power a few time a year , due to nor'easter s , severe thunderstorm , tropical storm , you name it . I keep a hurricane kit with a couple lantern flashlight and a few of THESE . -lrb- and oh how I wish Maglite would come out with a lantern-type flashlight that balance on a tabletop very easily -rrb- . just this week , we be without power for two day -- and I go to target and buy two new maglite to supplement the three I already have . the weight and heft of these can not be beat . dh work night , so it be just I and my 6yo dd at night . I keep one of these under the kitchen counter at all time . as I like to say -- it be part flashlight , part weapon . the electricity come back on a few hour ago , and the first thing I do be carefully put the Maglites back in the hurricane kit in the hall closet . of course , I put one back under the kitchen counter . then I come here to Amazon to order some replacement bulb for the hurricane kit . I do not like sit in the dark , so I need to be ready for the next outage . just want to be sure the replacement bulb be in the house when we need they . oh , and as evidence of how much I trust Maglite -- I keep a mini mag in my purse . Friends scoff , until that flashlight guide we through a very dark parking lot in the middle of a nature camp where we be attend a scrapbook convention ! small maglite make awesome stock stuffer . I 'll be send dd off to college with a couple of these one day -- one to keep in she dorm room in case of emergency , and one to keep in she car .
Flashlight	POS	5	have only have the new battery for a few week , but , so far , it work as advertise . actually , it be not what I order ; the ni-cad replacement battery . I receive the newer nimh battery instead . no problem , tho , as they say it work with the old charger , and it seem to do just that . I use my original ni-cad battery for close to 7 year , and it still work pretty good , but I have have to charge it every day for the past couple of year . I use my light for at least 30 minute almost every night , and the new battery hold it be charge for several night before I recharge . when these battery discharge , they go dead all at once . there be no gradual discharge as with old battery so do not get catch need light with no way to charge-up . this be a great flashlight ; the best I have ever own , and these new battery be do they job . only Time will tell if they be go to last anywhere near as long as the original do .
Flashlight	POS	5	great product , have be use mag lite for year and finally wear out my AAA light . but happy to pay the price to have more year of good service .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the lighting be not as bright as I think . Inova flashlight be smaller and brighter . the case however be pretty strong and long lasting . so yeah I guess its a pretty good deal consider its price .
Flashlight	NEG	2	Trust I it feel good in you hand but the lead streamlight for 20 be a better deal . well i say it be 8 dollar
Flashlight	POS	5	perfect in great condition it have be the second time I have buy this item from this seller ! quick response and brand new
Flashlight	POS	5	the photo be not current . this tool do come with the new square nano foot shape to fit the LI battery without overhang . still accept the nicd battery too and be slightly more stable on they due to extra size and weight of nicd battery . have storage for extra bulb , but do not come with extra bulb .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have 6 of they and one in my car . I give one to my mom . I tell she you use to hit someone over the head if you need to lol I tell she also if there be ever a fire use it to brake out the window with it . one of mine be at least 13 year old . sure you be spend a little more for maglite but they last for ever . I have drop mine from about 30 foot the dam thing still work great . this week i pick up 10 pack of d battery with spring come up and bad weather .
Flashlight	POS	5	machine from solid rigid aluminum , this be a small well design and well make metal flashlight that deliver a strong white light for only $ 11.75 . it take two aa battery by unscrew the end cap which have a rubber o ring to keep out water . it fit easily in you hand and turn on by twist the end with the light so it can no accidentally go on like some other light with switch or button . it be not a fancy ultra lead light like some more expensive one on the market and those have they place in you house , but with this one you get rugged , reliable bright light for just a few buck so you can afford to buy several and keep they in different place in you house or car for handy use .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy a 3-d cell maglite for a hike trip in the nc mountain in 2003 - to this day , it be still my go-to flashlight . Great build quality , good battery life , good focus ability , and the ability to hunt small mammal if need be ; what else can you ask for ? in the future , I probably will pick up a lead light of some kind , but I be not get rid of the original mag anytime soon .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be carry and use MAGLITE flashlight for longer than I can remember . from the `` aa '' size to the `` 6d '' size , they have all be reliable dependable and without failure every time I need they , until they be either lose or steal . they put serial number on they just for this reason . be careful who you loan they to , as they be highly coveted and they have be know to grow leg and walk away . while I be at sea in the Navy , I accidentally drop one over the side at night . I have no idea how deep the water be as I watch the light sink into the inky black depths for almost 20 seconds . but , that be as `` water resistant '' as I will ever need . the `` 2d '' size be the ideal size for store in you glove box , or in the gadget drawer of you kitchen or on you workbench . they be great for all size of hand , and tough enough to withstand accidental drop , bang and kick . and the switch in particular be sturdy enough to resist continuous , repetitive on\/off testing by curious youngster . they be perfect in any emergency situation ; such as the California rolling blackout , or a flat tire on the side of the freeway . I keep one in every car I own and I give they to my child to keep in they car also . plus there be several in strategic place around my house and garage . nothing else I have ever own , except maybe my dog , have be so reliable or dependable -lrb- I do not own my very reliable and very dependable wife -rrb- . and when it come to present , and those hard to buy for people on you list . no one , on any occasion , will ever be disappoint when they open a MAGLITE flashlight . and as a giver ; neither will you .
Flashlight	POS	5	do not look for any fancy camping and hike feature here . this be Maglite - the most robust , simply design , durable flashlight ever . all except the tiniest maglite share a number of common feature : super-bright bulb , waterproof seal , a twistable head which adjust the spread of the beam from spot to flood , and a spare bulb in a padded compartment in the base . this be the big daddy of the bunch , take a full 6 d-cell , and satisfy long and heavy . you 'll feel like a nightwatchman ! also available in 4d and 5d size for those with smaller biceps .
Flashlight	POS	5	this unit be a typical mag instrument ; excellent design , excellent build quality and overall a excellent rechargeable !
Flashlight	POS	4	good product . this one be a replacement for one use for year . battery fail and destroy old one . word to wise check battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent , but so long that I wear a extra strap to hold it in place just over the knee .
Flashlight	POS	5	sturdy , bright and well build . Maglight have a eye for quality . the 3c cell be a nice size .
Flashlight	POS	5	purchase two battery stick at substantial savings over retail . both flashlight have see little use in past 5 month . one be bedside and other be in my truck . both be still on initial charge I give they and be hold up well . no problem .
Flashlight	POS	5	the duracell daylite lead flashlight be definitely brighter when it come to comparably size light . I buy this want a small penlight , medium amount of light , and high durability . it fit three these criterion perfectly . my last one die because the battery leak and corrode the bottom out . lesson : change the battery when they be dead , do not just leave they . if you want a small , medium power , durable penlight-this be the way to go . if you want more light and can deal with something a little bigger : go with the daylite
Flashlight	POS	5	I carry a mag-light with I for a good many year while drive truck . a truck cab be probably one of the hardest place there be on flashlight , they never seem to last yet I never have a problem with the mag-light  once in a truck stop I see a driver set he mag light on a tire and forget it be there , when he start to move the truck the light fall off and be run over by the tire . when he realize what he have do he stop and pick up the light and it be still work . any other flashlight would have be flatten . if nothing else this make a believer out of I .
Flashlight	POS	4	I hav not try many other d-ring but this one work just fine . hold well and do exactly what i expect and need it to do
Flashlight	POS	4	Thought they would scratch the maglite , but it work great . tough little sucker , maglite can be yank and it still stick in the wall . thanks
Flashlight	POS	4	flashlight be super bright , heavy duty case . nice that it only require 2 aa battery . Wish it come w \/ a spare bulb , even though it claim to last a gazillion hour , spare bulb be always nice .
Flashlight	POS	5	the item be ship and arrive within a few day . the replacement battery work great for my mag light .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a must have item if you need to carry you maglite with you while you be work . the only down side to its design be the weight of the 6d cell maglite will eventually cause the snap hold the together to fail .  it will take a lot of abuse before it do fail and it sure beat hold the flashlite all night long .
Flashlight	POS	4	the flashlight be brilliant , literally . once it be charge for the first time it be unreal . and for occasional or rare usage it be extremely practical . but , if you use it for several hour a day , you may find that it take too long to get a full charge back into the battery . in fact , the only chance you can get it to fully charge be over the weekend . two battery ? how can you charge the spare battery pack when it have to be in the flashlight -lrb- which have to be in the charger -rrb- to recharge ? mag Instruments be apparently work on the problem , but to this date they do not have a rapid charger , or a charge cradle for a battery pack only . you could of course buy 2 flashlight and use they on alternate day . rather expensive though .
Flashlight	POS	5	I agree with other review that these clip be tight . that be nice for hold the light , but I also agree that if you alignment be off too much it lead to premature failure . once again it would cost they nothing to include a small template strip of paper . little fold mark for 2d , 3d , 4d , 6d , whatever , would make it universal for any d maglite . this be a theme with I and my review - stupid thing like this cause product failure and bad review . maybe that be what they want to sell more bracket ? either way I order more set . I be not go to let they stop me from send they my money : p
Flashlight	POS	5	not much need to be say , a fantastic light that have serve I for year . it just get to be time to replace a very old one . I stand by the traditional bulb for the same reason I recommend the 3 cell over the 2 cell , they be better if you need to crack somebody in the skull .
Flashlight	POS	5	while this be not something you would want to carry on you person every day as I do with a compact cr123 lead light that cost a lot more money but also work a lot better , it fill a great role in a vehicle as a illumination tool and impact weapon if that be what you be into . I have go though a few of the 4d version over the year , battery leakage have always eventually kill they live in the truck , but they be cheap enough to replace it be not a big deal . this bad boy on Amazon be a great buy and a aftermarket lead conversion really wake it up . what else be there to say ? it be a maglike , it be big and heavy , it be be around forever , it be extremely inexpensive for what you be get , and it 'll take a lot of abuse before give up the ghost . heck , for this price you could swap the led conversion from light to light as they die\/wear out and probably have a truck light for a few decade until we be all ride bicycle anyway . overall , a solid piece of kit and the low , low price from Amazon make the cost of the aftermarket lead conversion easier on the wallet .
Flashlight	NEG	2	it be a maglite , so you know you be get a solidly-constructed flashlight . what I be expect be a maglite that be much brighter and whiter than the traditionally-bulbed one I already own . I be disappoint in this regard : the led be not as bright as I expect , and the beam focus ability be much less than I be use to for a maglite . it be a decent flashlight -- just do not expect it to be that much better than the original one . if you do not own a maglite already , you might want to get the lead version . if you already have one , though , I would not bother replace it with the led .
Flashlight	POS	4	the flashlight be manufacture with the usual excellent maglite quality . the light be bright , and the extra function can be handy . the first generation lead minus maglite be plague with design and durability issue , let hope this one do better .
Flashlight	POS	5	great power , you can adjust the setting , spotlight focus like a laser beam . beautiful , simple yet elegant design . a true classic at a very reasonable price -lrb- smaller surefire brand flashlight make in China cost double the price -rrb- . you can still find a quality product make in the USA ! very durable , engineer well , big enough where you could use in emergency self defense situation .
Flashlight	POS	5	anyone whose life or safety , depend upon they ability to light up the night , will want a professional grade product . my `` work-horse '' be a streamlight sl-20x , w \/ a sl-35x lamp , throw out 40,000 candle power . exactly what I need to be able to see someone try to run from I or hide in the shadow . for close quarter , I prefer the Streamlight Stinger w \/ a Terralux lead upgrade package . to back they up , I keep a surefire 9p modify to chamber 4 cr123 battery and fire a 12v xenon bulb . in my toolbox , for use when I be crawl in sub-basement , attic , & under car , I keep a streamlight sl-20xp LED & Streamlight PolyStinger lead . start to get the idea that I will not leave anything stock or oem ? ca not wait to hear about how I add `` more power '' mod to my car , my gun , my computer , my gold tooth ... . . even my jeans sag more than the next guy ! now let talk about the Maglite . sort of like step down from a muscle car to a Honda , right ? I have also get a set of snap-on tool , but none-the-less still buy junk from Harbor Freight . a couple of week ago , I find a old maglite in my garage . have it from when I be a kid . the battery have explode and leak acid ruin the entire sleeve & switch assembly . since I have a sense of humor , and a extra $ 4 in `` forever '' stamp , I wrap this thing up in a streamlight box and send it back to the Maglite warranty center . within a couple of week , a brand new Maglite come in the mail . maglite stand behind they product . they be serious about that lifetime warranty . you can not beat that , period . a flashlight that you can own forever -lrb- if you do not lose it -rrb- for all of $ 10 ! I have see mine drop from ladder , down hike trail , off the top of a 6 foot fence ... you name it , all sort of height . sure , the bulb might break . you may even crack the lens . but you will not break the metal casing or the switch . even if you drop they in water , you can dry they out , change the battery , and still use they again . as Hanukkah approach , I have already decide to give all the kid Maglites this year . just like I have when I be a kid . back then , you be on top of the world if you have a swiss Army Knife & a Mini-Maglite . even as a adult , I can not go anywhere without a Leatherman Tool & Surefire g2 nitrolon . not very bright . cost of battery will add up real fast . start off brighter , then dim & fade . Poor beam pattern with dark spot from filament out of balance . but still the best value for a all purpose light . great to keep around in the kitchen drawer . excellent for kid . ca not be beat for camping & fishing . and in a pinch , will work with 6v battery from Streamlight SL-20X & Mag-Charger .
Flashlight	NEU	3	\* this flashlight be only useful to I after fitting a third party lead driver & heatsink \* I live on a rural property with horse and need a flashlight that would be 100 % reliable if it be need in a emergency , include be water and shock resistant . I be also after a flashlight that be able to be use for spot object from a distance . the amount of light this maglite put out in standard form be very disappointing and be not useful for anything I need it to do . I fit a third party malkoff lead drop-in that replace the standard bulb assembly and it transform this light from lame to spectacular . everything else about the Maglite though be brilliant : I value the high build quality , size , weather seal and the simple on\/off switch . this be why the 2d maglite be the flashlight I choose to modify .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy a Milwaukee 12v flashlight and drop it . of course the bulb go out and when I go back to Home Depot to get another one I learn they do not carry the 12v bulb . these fit perfectly and the price be good . ca not go wrong .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you be like I , you be always shine light into people 's eye , ear , and mouth in clinic and on the ward . it be important when check pupillary reactivity to have a strong , even , consistent light that you can trust !  this light fit the bill perfectly . it clip into you whitecoat breast pocket and stay there . it come in several stylish color . and the ability to manually focus the light allow you to eliminate annoying ` hot spot ' and ` cold spot ' in the beam , common with cheap penlight , that might lead the naive medical student to miscall a afferent pupillary defect on the difficult ` swinging-flashlight ' test !  I have be care for patient with my Mini MagLite for more than 3 year . I would urge you to do the same !
Flashlight	POS	4	Dear Sirs & Madams : Re : 4d-cell mag hvy-duty flashlight this be perhaps the best of all `` torch '' available , and at a bloody-good price ... I be certain that not only the Yanks use these lite , but Scotland Yard and other must also as well . not only do this top-drawer product provide the light sufficent for any night need and\/or exposure of deed , but by its own heft , it be also quite a good headknoker -lrb- without damage ... to the lite -rrb- should one require such in a pinch . this product 's pro be also a part of its con : it be bright-white light , it be well construct , and it be durable . it be also large and heavy . at the same time this product do not put in harm 's - way : a officer , a citizen , or a suspect . I would not want to be without my ole mag-torch if it will turn the trick , rather than fire-power : indeed you can jolly well take this conviction to the bank ... indeed !
Flashlight	NEU	3	I use to have a incandescent minus maglite , and I really like it . when I lose it , I think I would upgrade to a lead version . I be disappoint . as far as brightness go , there do not seem to be a great difference between my old maglite use nimh battery and the led maglite with alkaline . the beam be more uniform in the lead version , but I find the bluish tint to be harder to see in than the reddish incandescent light . my main complaint , though , be that the lead version do not work properly with my nimh battery . it produce a very dim , barely visible light with one set of older , fully charge nimh battery I have . when I try a higher capacity , fully charge set , it do not produce any light at all . I be return this version and get a incandescent version instead .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this for my dad for Christmas . he be already put it to use while hunting . a lot of people mention that they do not recieve all the piece with thier flashlight . I open the box to charge the flashlight before I wrap it . everything be in my box . it be a very bright light , and the flashlight be super heavy duty . I be not sure how long the charge truly last since I have not use it that long . good product ! I be sure my dad will put it to use for many year .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the perfect size light to carry with you in you pocket , for whatever you need to do . in my case , I use it to examine patient in my work as a doctor . the beam be strong and it have not fail I yet . highly recommend - with mag , you can not go wrong .
Flashlight	NEU	3	mag instrument s6d016 black 6d cell MagLite Flashlight . over the year , I just need and `` HAD to HAVE '' that bigger flashlight ! it be a guy thing . this be the one light that lot of law enforcement carry . it be effective as a flashlight and as a tool if the use of force need to be escalate in subdue a bg -lrb- bad Guy -rrb- - order give with confidence and with commanding voice , physical force include night stick or mag light , side arm , shot gun -rrb- . there be a lot go on within the technology of flashlight recently . LED , Lithium battery , focus bezel , etc. . the mag have fall from grace a bit technologically , but be still a great flashlight for police \/ emt INCLUDING look for and if need be use the light defensively as a weapon on criminal , cockroach \/ terrorist or signalling for a chopper pick up . the mag instrument s6d016 black 6d cell MagLite Flashlight be very durable and they be prove reliable . but even the police and emt and military be switch over to more tecnologically advanced product and technique to go along with the new equipment . . they have to . they life and the life of other depend on the best equipment available . and for a long time that be Mag Light . do not get I wrong . I have depend on mag lite of all size for year . but head to head , thesurefire brand have quickly surpass mag lite in every important aspect of flashlight - usable light power , smaller size and lighter weight . TheMag Instrument S6D016 Black 6d cell MagLite Flashlight be a good value and I have several in the house and the larger trunk of some of my vehicle . but they be be replace by surefire as they wear out .  John Row
Flashlight	POS	5	hus i be impress with the service they give . Kept I update the whole way would buy off they again
Flashlight	POS	4	this maglite holder be great for the worker that carry a maglite . as I give it to my Husband and now he have something secure to hold he flashlight without worry about it drop while work .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I accidently purchase this item think it be the lead version . once I receive and realize my mistake I still have some use for it so I use it . the function and light output be impressive . the beam adjustment be impressive for the price I pay . still I could not stand be stick in prehistoric time without LED , no offense Thomas Edison , so I start look for a lead replacement when I stumble upon the `` terralux tle-5ex ministar2 Extreme lead upgrade ' . sure it be practically and actually a little pricier than just buy the LED Mini mag but to I it be a matter of pride and I enjoy reuse old stuff specially if it can be retrofit . a few day later I have a new state of the art Mini Mag . the difference be night and day , no pun intend . I notice the lead minus mag do have a slight different look to it , some would say more futuristic but the upgrade really enhance the light and energy efficiency of the classic Mini mag . to top it all off I find my old minus mag under the couch so guess what I do , yeah I order another upgrade kit so yeah I have two awesome minus mag now . the short of it be that this be a great little flash light for the price but I highly recommend you buy the led function which will make up for the premium in battery savings alone . great durable build and I with my upgrade kit I be happy as can be .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the MAGLITE Solitaire Flashlight be a older design that for many flashlight enthusiast be no longer relevant in a world of multifunctional led , high output lumen of light . while the Solitaire be not the latest or greatest flashlight I believe that it be still useful under the right circumstance . for I , I use this light as part of a first aid kit within my  Maxpedition janus Extension Strap Pocket KHAKI FOLIAGE  the light be connect to a paracord lanyard that I make and fit perfectly in the bottom of the janus in a little pocket . the reason I like this flashlight be specifically because it be not too bright yet provide enough light to see all the contents of my first aid kit when in a low light situation . also , I can use this light safely to check pupillary reaction time . some of the new lead high power flashlight provide too much light . the Solitaire be small , lightweight , and durable . I have never experience a situation where the light twist on or off by itself . it take one aaa battery and I always carry a minimum of one spare battery . bulb life and battery life have never be a issue . you can twist the top of the light to adjust the light from a focused beam to flood but the flood setting be very weak and provide a ring effect . there be a time when mag light be the best you can buy but that day be long go . now there be many company make very high quality , very durable flashlight with multiple setting and function . you can also spend literally hundred of dollar on just one high quality flashlight . if you be in a situation where you do not need the brightest light then do not discount the Solitaire as it may very well suit you need at a very low price .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own MAGLITE flashlight before , but the really big one that be so heavy the almost break you wrist . this one be small and manageable but do a really nice job . it also have a couple of setting so you can zero in on something or light a wider area . nice feature !
Flashlight	NEU	3	do not produce the narrow-focused beam as describe . it do light up the night . as a weapon - excellent !
Flashlight	NEU	3	it be good flashlight , but not be the better lead . you can find flashlight with Cree xm-l t6 with more power .
Flashlight	POS	5	my last Maglite battery finally croak after about seven + year of usage . so after see the price of these item at a local retailer , I look online and find this item at substantial savings . so far so good , my ancient streamlight sl-20 have no idea there be yet another Maglite battery within it . after work in the Police Equipment business for decade , I determine from we repair department -lrb- I -rrb- , that Maglite battery outlast all other and be actually quite competitively price with the cheaper brand of knock-off battery on the market . it have be my experience that the Maglite battery can take slightly more abuse from fumble finger operator .
Flashlight	POS	5	I strap my mag on the rollbar of my Wrangler , hide behind the strap for the shoulder seat belt . no one notice so it be safe and it do not use up precious storage for a wrangler . I have use mag for year and know I can count on they when I need they . Great , dependable , tough product provide the security a flashlight should give .
Flashlight	POS	5	now I see why police carry light like these . I think one could use it for a club as well . it be very sturdy . the light be MUCH brighter than I think it would be . it be brighter than ANY standard 2 d cell flashlight , I be sure !
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have purchase maglight for over 30 year , but the 2 I bouhgt here recently be pure garbage . both , within a matter of day , lose the button cover , both swell up with new , expensive battery and would not work . I be qualify to state this because I have a radio Amatuer , EXTRA class , ke5ldo , for many year , and this have never happen before even in the hot sun ! because they be inside a air condition room I would not expect either problem to happen . I save the bulb , end cap , and the hood in case I be ever givien one . I will not be buy they again !
Flashlight	POS	5	ship fast , exactly as describe . work great on my duty belt , and even in my civy , wither I be run , walk or sit it hold fast .
Flashlight	POS	5	mag Lite be the industry standard flashlight for a reason - because it be durable and last a lifetime . I own multiple unit of mag Lite device !
Flashlight	POS	5	easy to use , very convenient , very bright light , battery be LONG LASTING , fairly LIGHTWEIGHT , PIVOTING HEAD make a two person job easier when there be ONLY one person to DO the job !
Flashlight	POS	4	great flashlight . a little large , but bright and very durable . only disadvantage be that it can not be upgrade to a lead ; mag only make led for up to 4d .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight . Maglite make a very tough light and hold up well to anything you can throw at it . this be the second one I have have . the only reason I get a new one be the battery leak in the old unit and I could not get they out . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I agree with everything that the other reviewer said-this be a very well build flashlight , a great value , and able to shrug off outrageous abuse . so why have I only give it three star ? in my opinion , such a hefty light should be considerably brighter . the 2-d cell version be of moderate brightness at best and the larger version be not much better .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own and use mag light for year they be very reliable and put out great light . I love the way the beam on the flashlight be adjustable , you can zoom in or zoom out with ease . it let you see whatever you want with bright light . Heavy enough to be a very good weapon in a pinch . this one we keep here at the house for emergency power outage , or to look around outside at night . they be great to have around for this purpose . I also purchase the hanger to attach it to the wall in the garage . very easy to install and let you place it in a handy spot so you can get to it when you need it . we have several around the house . they always work replace the battery once a year , more often if you use it a lot . it will work for year .
Flashlight	POS	4	very easy and simple to install . hold the maglite very secure and in the open and conceal .
Flashlight	POS	5	these clip work geat for mount a D-Cell Maglite in the trunk of the car . or even on most surface .
Flashlight	POS	5	Compact , sturdy and reliable . this little guy will never let you down . Great on battery too .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the AA Mini mag be a reliable tool for everyday use . here be the pro 's : it be compact size and the sheath allow you to carry it anywhere you go . if you drop it nothing will happen to it -lrb- unless of course you abuse it -rrb- . the lens scratch easily , but they be inexpensive to replace . the lightbulb be also inexpensive should the original blow out . the head quickly adjust from spotlight to floodlight , and it be quick conversion to candle mode make it a unique tool , especially during a blackout or natural disaster . its compact size also allow you to use it in tight space such as check the back of the refrigerator , wash machine , or in you car 's engine . the con 's : the light be not too bright , it just do not hack it if you be picky about illumination . of course the xenon bulb be better than the type you 'll find on a $ 1 Dorcy light , and many other cheap flashlight . but if you have use Streamlight , Inova , Surefire , or even the new 3-watt led maglite , you 'll be disappoint by its brightness . if you be willing to spend some buck , you can upgrade you Mini mag to a 1 Watt LED light , which will provide twice as much light . you can also buy the switch that allow you to turn it on at the bottom with a simple click . there be some pretty cool thing out there that can turn this tough , reliable flashlight into something better ! however , it be still not appropriate for law enforcement , military , security guard , etc. . it would be more appropriate for everyday household use , walk the dog at night , or light up the room you in during a blackout . this flashlight usually range between 8-15 buck depend on where you get it from . if you spend about $ 25 buck -lrb- which would be roughly the same amount you would spend to upgrade the minus mag -rrb- , you can buy yourself a 2aa battery , 3-watt Mini-Mag Lite with a holster that will surely not leave you disappointed . it be light output be tremendous , and it be sure to blind you or anyone who look directly onto it . it also travel further . it also save battery life . it be not you average led-light , it be better and at a affordable price . so you might want to give that other flashlight a try if you be picky about the brightness of you flashlight . Hope this help !
Flashlight	NEG	1	I purchase the mag-lite rx109 heavy duty rechargeable flashlight from Amazon about two year ago upon recommendation from my son-in-law who be a airline mechanic . it prove to be a awe inspiring product ... ... . for about the first month . Super bright with a wonderful adjustable focusing\/spreading beam . I be enthral . after the month honeymoon , reality set in as in as its ability to hold a charge rapidly weaken . soon , when take it from its charge cradle it would become useless in a matter of minute . I buy two more rechargeable battery , at twenty buck a pop ... ... ... ... . same result : take it out of it be charge cradle and all be fine . five minute later no light at all . during that two year , all I have use it for be occasionally go out with the dog at night and during infrequent power outage . it look just like it come out of the box , not a mark or even a smudge on it . there be no way the flashlight use could have exceed five hour . despite its very limited use , I still go through 4 replacement bulb at five buck a pop . along the way , the switch stop work ... in the on position . one still could turn it off and on by unscrew back a half dozen turn , but ... ... . . do the arithmetic . at 95 buck cost new , plus 60 buck in battery plus 20 buck in bulb come to $ 175.00 for 5 hour use work out to $ 35 per hour ... ... for a flashlight with a broken switch and will not hold a charge for five minute . I also have ANOTHER Mag-Lite , this one a three d cell model . with even less usage , it sit worthless on the shelf with a switch break in the off position ... . .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this about 4 or 5 year ago and it be never let I down . it so rugged it can be use as a weapon if you need to defend yourself . it lay right next to I when I sleep . it really be heavy duty .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be look for relatively affordable replacement bulb for a Ryobi 18V rechargeable flashlight . it be literally impossible to find a real Ryobi product , but I read , in another review , that these work in the Ryobi . they do , indeed . I have not use any of these for any time at all , but i do verify that they work in the Ryobi , and I be thrill to have some replacement now . the original bulb burn out almost immediately , and they replace it ` under warranty ' , but I be concern about he fragility of the OEM bulb . glad to have find a replacement such that the flashlight will have a use if another bulb fail .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a deputy sheriff and this be the flashlight that be issue to I . I like it so much , I buy two more for the house and car . it be the definitive flashlight that balance cost\/function . I highly recommend it .
Flashlight	POS	4	Mine be order with lead bulb , which extend battery life a lot . that be useful in case there be need to search for someone lose . c-battery do not make it excessively heavy , though so far have not have to carry mine for hour . I get the idea from a magazine article by Massad Ayoob .
Flashlight	POS	5	talk about bright ! it be like a portable sun ! and the best part be , nobody in they right mind would ever mess with you while you be carry it ! the thing be MASSIVE !
Flashlight	POS	5	a real improvement over the halogen version . it be much , much more powerful , it have a whiter light , longer range . do not expect a `` light saber '' , -lrb- go for the Inova x03 if you need a tactical light -rrb- but it be a powerful flashlight , perfect to have it with you all the time . I carry it together with my Leatherman Super Tool 200 .
Flashlight	POS	5	11 year I have have my maglite -lrb- I believe I buy it in 2001 , possibly 2002 -rrb- and it still shine just as bright with the same bulb . I do not use it daily , just whenever the circumstance arise -lrb- power outage , camping , work under the hood of vehicle , underneath vehicle , kitchen sink work in bottom cabinet , bathroom plumbing , attic , outdoors at night , etc. -rrb- you know it be quality when Law Enforcement use it and carry it around with they at all time . not only be it a quality bright flashlight , but a very intimidating flashlight . I would sure hate to get club with this beast ! after 11 year , the seal over the button switch have fall off , but the switch itself still work fine without it , also have collect many scratch and dent over the decade . it be be drop so many time that I now have the sound memorize and could tell you without even look that it drop to the cement due to many mechanic use . by far , dollar for dollar , it be the best ! sure you can find brighter light that be if you want to pay $ 100 to $ 200 , but for $ 25 this can not be beat !
Flashlight	POS	5	if you only have one hand-held flashlight , this be the one you want ! the lead mini-maglite will light up my entire back yard . plus , if you turn it on and off quickly , if go to half power to save battery life . if you turn it on\/off a second time it flash , like a emergency beacon , then on\/off a third time and it flash SOS . unbelievable ! I love mine !
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the sweet spot of flashlight , unless you go for the more compact  Inova X1DM-HB dual High\/Low Mode lead flashlight - 1 aa battery  pro : \* throw a bright , concentrated beam \* use aa battery -- alkaline or rechargeable -lrb- see note 1 -rrb- \* excellent specification , fully disclose -lrb- see note 2 -rrb- \* good value if you wait for low tide -lrb- under 16 buckss -rrb- \* 4 mode -lrb- bright , low , blink , SOS -rrb- \* 18 hour -lrb- or more -rrb- from a set of battery - hole for tether or strap con : - Wish it have a glass -lrb- scratch resistant -rrb- lens - warranty do not cover led burnout or lead module failure . - the twist-on , twist-off , adjust-focus-every-time design be not ideal . - - - pricing - - - price jump around , and vary by color . low tide be around 15 . there be a `` Online Price Alert '' that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dip below you target price . Google it . it be nicely do . - - - note - - - note 1 : Stick with AA battery for all you device . best deal on rechargeable , and only one size to stock up on . borrow from other device in a pinch . I never go aaa ... they be 2-1\/2 time as expensive per amp-hour of output , and in flashlight they be also less space-efficient -lrb- per amp-hour of output -rrb- . note 2 : 69 lumen -lrb- light output -rrb- - 2547 Candela -lrb- light intensity -rrb- - 18\/31 hour battery life -lrb- high\/low mode -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the greatest flashlight I have ever use . this have to be the brightest flashlight ever make .
Flashlight	POS	4	Maglite 's be the best build flashlight around . always have be but it be not the brightest kid on the block . if you want a strong well build flashlight that will last a lifetime you can not beat maglite . they be waterproof in normal use and will stand up to just about any kind of abuse they might get even in the toughest of environment . about the only way to kill a maglite be to use cheap chinese battery that leak . about the only flashlight that be better be the Maglite LED .
Flashlight	POS	5	I can not reiterate enough what the other reviewer have say about the mini-mag light . I own about 4 or 5 of these thing and they be great . I have previously own maybe 15 to 20 other plastic flashlight in the past and all have bit the dust . Broken case be the number 1 reason due to a drop or be step on . for some other reason , these other have crummy switch which fail easily . not the mag light . the switch be simple and tough -lrb- I know since I have take it apart -rrb- the battery life be great , the case be highly durable . I love the candle mode -lrb- i.e. take the head off completely -rrb- I have also mixed and matched part from different color to make mine unique . my 3 year old son love he and it be easy for he to turn on or off . he be really rough with he toy , but have never stop the minus mag . -lrb- warning - kid do like to take the head of the light off which expose the lamp . if the lamp break , then it could be dangerous to they . -rrb- finally , the spare bulb in the tail piece be awesome , very handy . when I replace the bulb -lrb- which be need sometimes -rrb- I always make sure there be a good spare in the tail piece . I could go on and on . if you be look for a cool gift , or need some extra light , buy a few of they . they be the best .
Flashlight	NEU	3	cheap , agile little flashlight that be great for take on long bike ride in the dark to use for fix bike , etc. . I drop it twice on the cement and now it do not work sometimes , do not know if it be damage but still a decent product .
Flashlight	NEG	1	although I have buy and use many mag over the year , the flaw with they and any incandescent light be the bulb filament break at the most inconvenient time . I would recommend a lead flashlight since there be nothing to break , cause immediate darkness . mag have just not keep up with the time . the led be go to replace the bulb in all flashlight shortly .
Flashlight	POS	5	this lamp have be engineer to withstand abuse . it be a very basic flashlight , except for the heavy duty construction . have stand the test ot my two year old , who want he own flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	get to the point . it be a great accessory to have . I own one in the past . I recently purchase another one through true value\/promax back on 11\/18\/09 . after I do not receive what I order by the estimate delivery date ,12 \/ 10\/09 I contact Promax and they tell I it be deliver on 12\/2\/09 via FEDEX . I be give the customer service number for FEDEX and when I call they , they tell I the package be deliver on 12\/3\/09 . I think I would save money by order the Maglite online , but instead I be rip off . a representative at Promax state that since my order be only $ 106.00 , they be no signature require and my package be leave at my front door . in that case , I would have do better by place the $ 106.00 on the porch with a sign that say , `` take I , I be FREE '' . the people at Promax be give I the run around in resolve this matter . I just want to inform other consumer on my experience Promax . I have call and leave message , and no one be return my call in regard to this issue . regardless of how much a item cost , there should be some alternative to make sure that we as consumer get what we pay for with we hard earn DOLLARS . thanks Promax , for show so much concern toward you customer , Joseph , who will never do business with you company again . what a rip off ! again , this item be a great accessory to have . I guess I will flag down a snap on Tool Truck to pay another $ 150.00 to get this great accessory in which I need it to perform my job .
Flashlight	POS	5	best flashlight I have see . First receive as a gift , and have purchase 7 more for business and private use , never a problem and battery last for year in they .
Flashlight	POS	5	I enjoy play hide-and-seek with my 6-month old son out in the wood . sometimes though , he hide so well I can not find he , even when it get dark . ever since I get this flashlight , it take I hour , not day to find he . this flashlight have help I create a bonding father-son relationship .
Flashlight	NEG	2	when everyone say mag light be `` top of the line '' they be be incredibly naive ! try look into some real flashlight like Surefire , Fenix , and huntlight ! mag light even measure in candlepower , which grossly exaggerate brightness too . you turn they on and they be bright , but in 10 minute it 'll get dimmer . I own a flashlight by fenix which be easily 5 time as bright as this and will fit in the palm of my hand ! before you buy this light , consider the p1dce by Fenix , or the g2 from Surefire . thank you !
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase this flashlight for my father and it work better than anticipate . the convenience of have a group of tool work around one set of battery be the way to go . I recommend this to anyone that be look to simplify they inventory of tool and work light .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a wonderful bright flashlight that work with the battery we already have for other 18 volt dewalt product . I highly recommend this light . we have a 9 volt flashlight we use for 15 year before the battery finally give out so we replace it with the 18 volt ... more power ... more light !
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent purchase . now I always know where my flash light be and you can put it anywhere in a convenient place and have it at you access ub case if blackout .
Flashlight	NEG	1	after purchase this item online , i go to wholesale store like costco and i see that a mag instrument pack of 1 big torch -lrb- a size -rrb- and 1 -lrb- aa size -rrb- torch just cost around $ 13.99
Flashlight	NEU	3	always know where you flashlight be with these handy clip . Works on most `` d '' cell flashlight in either the horizontal or vertical position . one clip be sufficient for a 2-cell flashlight . I keep one one the wall by the garage door so I always know where the flashlight be . it would work equally well in a car , truck , boat , or camper . I be think about mount one on my bike handlebars : -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	THIS be one of the best flashlight I have ever own , and I be very satisfied with the price of THIS PRODUCT and with the free SHIPPING you cant go WRONG when you buy this product I highly recommend this flashlight for anyone
Flashlight	POS	4	about 1.5 x brighter than the 2d halogen maglite . the 3d lead maglite be way brighter than either though . would like to get a bulb replacement for this one . battery life be only 11 hour ? since it be not a whole lot brighter than the 2d cell I be surprise by the short battery life . if you be not a security guard you 'll look like one carry this flashlight \/ baton . it be huge , which be probably the reason why you be buy it .
Flashlight	POS	5	3 pound , extremely durable , bright ... what else could you need ? caution : this item be strong enough to be consider a weapon , either as a lightsaber or beater stick , it will fracture skull with little force . rapist beware ...
Flashlight	POS	5	on the technical detail be mention charger 110 volt , also on the Maglite web-site be mention two type of charger one for 110 volt and one for european 230 volt . the actual charger mention however 100-240 ac 50\/60 hz . which mean the charger be universal and can be use all over the world . the only difference between the 110 volt model and the 230 volt model be the plug type on the charger . the 110 volt come with the american flat pin and the 230 volt with the european round pin . so if you be go to another country , like on vacation , the only thing you need be a plug adapter to fit the charger into the wall outlet . the charger adjust itself to the voltage on the wall outlet .
Flashlight	POS	5	when this product arrive at my doorstep it be exactly what i expect . I would definitely recomend it . it be a very long and heavy flash light . if that be what you be look for , this be perfect .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight vary bright plus it be rechargeable . this be the last flashlight you ever need .
Flashlight	NEU	3	glossy , feel kind of cheap but seem to hold up , would prefer a matte black , great for d-cell maglite , i personally use these bracket in my truck , you never know when you 'll need a flashlight so keep it handy for safety be good .
Flashlight	NEG	1	why cheat you customer with such a high price , -lrb- nearly double -rrb- ? and then try to suggest that be be actually one-half off ? would it not make more sense to price they in accordance with the normal marketplace and point out the virtue of the camo to hunter , camper , etc ? count I out .
Flashlight	POS	5	i get one of the mag charger lite bout 7 year ago from a friend and its be the best lite ever ive use it coon huntin and on the job as a security guard in a very active junk yard finally the switch go out and i just reorder I a new one anyway if u work in a bad place night shift the magcharger what u want .
Flashlight	POS	5	I currently own three of these . they be great flashlight to have around . they be bright enough to get most job do , small enough to carry just about anywhere , and durable enough to take a beating . sure surefire flashlight be brighter but they be not as durable . I have even hear of people use these as self defense weapon . really heavy abuse may result in a very short bulb life but it carry a spare so you 'll have light again in no time .  as far as the thread and o-ring go , a small amount of Vaseline apply to the thread will keep both the thread and the o-ring lubricate .
Flashlight	POS	5	I need a small flashlight for work and have go through many , many aa size flashlight . I just notice these 2aa lead maglite in the store and decide to try one out . I be not sure how bright it would be because besides the 3 watt label , mag do not really state the brightness of the light . when I get home I be pleasantly surprise . this light be at least 5 time brighter than a regular 2aa maglite and it be also brighter than any other -lrb- include lead -rrb- flashlight I have use . and what matter more , compare to the regular bulb maglite , the beam on the LED light focus perfectly to a even circle . no more dark area . the one thing I miss be the little hole in the endcap which can be use for lanyard or keyring . also the lead version be a tad bit longer than the bulb version , but for the huge performance gain , I 'll gladly have a slightly larger flashlight . I can not comment on the battery usage yet , as I have not have to change battery yet , a good sign ... and I be so glad that I do not have to worry about the little bulb burn out every so often anymore . I can highly recommend this light , it be well worth the money if you need a good flashlight . I do wish that the other color be available as show on mag 's website . Amazon or any other local store just seem to have the black version .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I give this 2 star because it be a nicely build flashlight . however , it be a flashlight , and the purpose of a flashlight be to shine light onto thing so you can see ... at this , the Solitaire perform poorly . even with a fresh battery , it have a weak beam . it be simply not worth it , even for half the price . it just do not work well as a flashlight . I have have this light for 5 year now , and I have never use it because it be so bad . it be the only flashlight I own that I do not use . thankfully , it be only a Christmas gift .
Flashlight	POS	5	very easy install and hold the MagLite very securely , have two mount inside my Xterra .
Flashlight	NEG	1	it cost about 80 cent to ship these anywhere in the state via postal service , yet rfbdirect seem to have a flat rate of $ 7 . they must be lunar base . also , these be garbage bulb anyway . for the price of a Dewalt tool , you would think they could make a better bulb !
Flashlight	POS	5	I receive the MAGLITE M2A016 AA Mini Flashlight a few month ago from Amazon . it work as advertise and illuminate quite adequately the small size be quite handy . there be a spare bulb in the base ; have not realize this I purchase two spare bulb ... . unlike a previous reviewer I do receive the two AA Duracell Batteries at the advertised price
Flashlight	POS	5	do not let the small size of this flashlight fool you . it be indeed a well make , sturdy instrument capable of provide lumination the same as one twice its size . I live in a studio apartment and due to the come hurricane and have no flashlight look for one to best serve my purpose . I need something to handle all necessary task in case of bad situation as well as be handy day to day . this instrument be compact and with a simple twist of the head can go from a wide flood beam to a bright direct spotlight . and it actually can be reassemble simply to display the same light as a light candle . everything this item say it do it do and all only on 2 aa battery . for I battery life be very good . I can not recommend this flashlight enough . if I be to loose power in my apartment it would provide all the light necessary to move around , do thing and even read . it be that strong . and for walk outside in the dark , change a tire etc. it do the work of a much bigger and bulkier flashlight . great investment at a great price .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have a set of these mount bracket bolt to my garage workbench and can always count on find my Maglite flashlight just where I leave it - safe and secure . the plastic seem a bit fragile , but in the two year that I have use they , I have never have a failure . the flashlight securely snap into place and be not in danger of fall out .  if I be to do it again , I would buy a set of these in a minute . it function well and do the job for which it be intend .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I think I buy a very powerfull flashlight but I be very disappointed . I have a 3-d cell flashlight that be better .
Flashlight	POS	5	why buy a 4d mag , when you can get a six ! feel the power , the weight , the superiority of six d battery ! upgrade to a lead bulb have the ultimate MagLite Torch !
Flashlight	POS	5	the Sheriffs deputy in we police department carry the `` magcharger '' system flashlight for decade , and the reason be very clear : this be one of the most powerful semi-compact flashlight on the market . there be a lot of great flashlight out there , and the latest led light be awesome for light output , longevity , and burn time , but you really can not mess with perfection . I have have the chance to use the rx1019 for a long time because a family member be a cop and carry one . my first impression be holy cow ! I have see some really bright light , the 9 volt search and rescue spot light , 5 + watt lead light from Surefire , Pelican , etc. , but the mag be as bright , if not brighter , and cost $ 100 less than the Surefire . this be not a led-type lamp light system . it use a high-pressure halogen bulb fill with xenon and krypton gas . it be similar to the one in you car . Streamlight 's Stinger -lrb- also a awesome light , which I own -rrb- series use they as well to great effect . the difference between the halogen and lead lamp be that the led do not use a filament to generate light , so they last longer , run considerably cooler , and use less energy -lrb- more efficient -rrb- . they also produce light that be closer on the Kelvin scale to daylight , so it be much purer , whiter light , which provide better visibility at night . they can be very powerful , but they just do not produce the same effect as a halogen bulb , and lead technology be still be perfect . in the box , you get the flashlight , charge cradle , battery , car adapter , ac adaptor , and two mount plate for mount the charge cradle to a wall or other surface . the Nicad battery be not a `` sub-c '' type , but have cell similar in size to c-cell battery for increase run time . in fact , mag claim 2-hour run time , and I can substantiate that . it do take a while to charge it though . I really like the Magcharger . it be not `` small '' at over 12 inch long and 1-1\/2 inch thick , or lightweight either -lrb- that big battery stick be heavy , but without it , the light be really lightweight -rrb- . it weigh 2 or so pound , which be not really a detriment . every mating surface -lrb- tail cap , lens bezel , focus head -rrb- , include the switch , be rubber seal for water resistance . it be get a temper glass lens that be really tough and unlikely to break . you get a spare bulb in the tail cap , and change the bulb be simple : unscrew the lens bezel , take out the lens , and pull out the bulb . plus , it be beautiful . it be construct of aircraft aluminum that be be machine from a billet , and it be make entirely of aluminum , then anodize with gloss black inside and out for maximum corrosion resistance in marine and other harsh environment -lrb- think Iraq , the desert -rrb- . the body be knurl for a good grip , and the charge contact be actually a polished aluminum ring that encircle the front of the light behind the switch . the weight and heft of the light be actually beneficial because you can use it as a weapon if you have to . cop know this , and this be why they carry the mag . it be a effective weapon as well . Cold hard aluminum can do serious damage . this toughness also mean it be well-protected from abuse . I have hear story of these be run over , drop off building , fall out of the back of a pickup on the highway , and submerge for day and they still work -lrb- bulb might need change -rrb- . now for the flashlight part of the mag . to say it be bright be a understatement . this thing be really bright . Maglite say you can get 40,000 candle power , which be a lot . it throw a bright shaft of light over 250 foot in spot mode . focus it to flood and you can illuminate a very large area . the focus action be very solid , with no noticable play or eccentrcity . up close , the beam be positively blind . this be much brighter than my Streamlight Stinger , which be already very bright . the beam be very powerful . if you be to shine someone in the eye with this , it would be debilitating and disorienting , which be good if you be a cop enter a house with possible suspect inside , or in a home defense situation . it be almost like this be make for law enforcement ! the only gripe I can think of revolve around the nature of the beast . the lens area get really hot during extend operation and can burn you if you come into contact with it . also , the Nicad battery stick only last about a year of constant charge\/discharge cycle , and replace it be expensive . plus , maybe a minor gripe , you can not use it in a HazMat environment . so ... pro : Super bright can be use as a defensive weapon adjustible beam high quality construction solidly build water resistant good run time rechargable will outlast you Cons : Lens get very hot battery pack do not last very long can not use it in HazMat environment I really like the Magcharger . it do everything you want it to very well , and even do a little more . it be beautiful , reliable , durable , and a high quality instrument that will last you for year and year . if you be look for a new light , but do not want a led , or want something bigger than the Stinger , check out the rx1019 .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have three of these flashlight and they be fantastic . I keep one in the garage -lrb- see accessory section for mount bracket -rrb- , one on the fireplace mantle , and one in my car . they all work perfectly , project a bright , adjustable beam , and feel great in you hand . not only do it work in normal condition , but the gasket and button do a great job keep water out - I live in the Pacific Northwest and use it in the rain frequently with no problem .  this be the same model that many of we local law enforcement type use day-in \/ day-out . I would image that may a miscreant have receive a `` bop '' on the head with one of these baby and will think twice before resume they layabout way .  get one of these with three fresh Duracell 's and you be set . this flashlight will last you a lifetime !
Flashlight	POS	5	this be my first maglite and I be very happy with it . even after know the length of this flashlight , I be still surprise by how long it be when I receive it . build quality be top notch , just as I be expect from a brand like Maglite . if you be after a more practical-size flashlight this be definitely not the one for you . however , highly recommend if you want the biggest and baddest flashlight around .
Flashlight	POS	4	take 4 day to arrive ; not stellar , but more than acceptable with free shipping . it fit my Ryobi 18v flashlight . I put the 2nd bulb in a Ryobi 14.4 v flashlight - it work , but do not appear as bright . I 'll consider buy a 14.4 v bulb next chance I get .
Flashlight	POS	4	maglite be the flashlight of choice for I for about a decade . they be well-made and generally brighter than what I have be use to . I buy this particular flash three year ago -lrb- this be through Amazon although the header do not verify this -rrb- , and I use it quite a bit for two year . it see substantial duty assist I in walk dark sidewalk for a couple of mile to church and back . I often use it to warn off approach vehicle when the unshoveled snow on sidewalk force I to walk in the street at night . it acquit itself well enough with these task , but I notice that it be increasingly burdensome to use this flash . it be very heavy , to the point that this alone will be a major consideration for many senior citizen as well as many woman . it do not exactly slip into a jacket pocket , so I find myself leave it behind in church pew and after church dinner . and the battery become costly after awhile . a year ago , I purchase Nebo Redlines , and these have become my new flashlight of choice . they be also well-made and bright , but they be also much lighter , have greater functionality with they various setting , and be much easier and convenient for use by those of we who be age . maglite be once the standard , and they be a very good standard at the time . technology and the market have move on , however . three year ago , I would have give this five star . now I can only grant it three to four star . this seem pretty sacrilegious . still , if you do not need a weaponize flashlight , you be better off turn to the new generation of flashlight .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I be very excite to get this light ... initially , I like it . out of the packaging , I hook it up to the 18v battery and it work , emit a fairly bright beam . the sale ad say that it come with a `` extra '' bulb , which be not include . I email Amazon regard the issue and they send a 2nd light to my address , instead of send a bulb or two -lrb- ? -rrb- . it be worth mention the the re-ship do not have the extra bulb either . I have pretty much decide to just purchase the other light as well , think I could use one and leave one in the work truck as a spare . then , I be use one of the light , hit it pretty hard with a board I be use in a attic , and it fizzle . I go and get the other light , use it the rest of the morning , then go to use it in the afternoon and it be burn out too - with little to no abuse -lrb- that I can remember -rrb- . I send both of the light back - they be not as durable as they should be . instead , I order two of the flexible-head light -lrb- Dewalt 18V -rrb- . a few of my friend have these and have have no issue . I will leave a review for those as well when I have have time to put they to the test . all in all , this be a bright light , but if you put you equipment to the test day-in and day-out , it might not be the quality you be look for .
Flashlight	POS	5	I give this as a gift to a friend . he be happy and so be i.
Flashlight	POS	5	it be the perfect flashlight . it be small and handy . I buy it for my husband to take to work and it fit on he belt . it be a very bright light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have these in all the tool bag . small , light , and throw enough light to see what I be do in a small space . ca not remember the last time I have replace the battery .
Flashlight	POS	4	it take a while to find but worth the wait and will buy again for my next maglite
Flashlight	POS	5	I be look for a small flashlight replacement bulb 18 volt but it must have a screw thread in order to replace the one I have for a small lantern .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite have the best quality there be ! get it quickly and it be package well . price be unbeatable -lrb- i check -rrb- very happy with this product !
Flashlight	NEU	3	I would have buy a light with lead instead of this bulb light , but I buy this one mainly for the price and dimension . I can use it as a striking tool to accompany my pistol should I check thing out at night in my house , and if it be break , I only lose twenty buck .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have not receive it yet , they say it should be here around 6th of November . that be 6 week , come on . nothing and I say nothing have ever take this long to get here and I will never buy anything from this store again . if it do not arrive by then I want my money return at once . the light bulb I oerder come with in a week . oh yeah they come from another store . John Ekstrom
Flashlight	POS	5	Got this flashlight -lrb- mag instrument heavy duty -rrb- for my husband . we look at so many different store only to find cheap plastic one that really do not have the lighting function he want . find this one on Amazon and he love it . it be heavy weight , have two beam , small one and a larger one for when you want more light . battery use be great . he keep it in the kitchen for quick finding . sure glad I come to Amazon . they normally have what I be look for .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have a full size maglite that be just plain awesome ! I buy this small one for a friend who like purple stuff and she love it .
Flashlight	POS	5	great product , only problem be there be no spot to attach any type of string to the bottom like I have see on other model . keep this in mind when purchase the accesory kit .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I have buy some Mini-Mag 's before , but even though Streamlight and Pelican be come out with these new terrific light , I realize that dealer be hard to find , and although maglite be the older kid on the block , they be easy to find , and it be still a great light . I buy my second 3-d size at my local `` Wally Mart '' and go to work the next night -lrb- I do mobile security -rrb- . I have own a 3-d size before and always find it better than anything I have ever use , aside from a super Coleman 9-v lantern . sometimes I end up in alley , corridor , and even my favorite , field that be grow new but under construction house . still , nothing make I feel safer -lrb- super boof on the head if under aggresion by a hoodlum -rrb- and well prepare with it be great power , both in spot and flood mode .  here come the bad news . I almost forget that my other light die from the same reason this one do . I have drop both of they a few time -lrb- clumsy I -rrb- , yet be remind that these be shock resistant . well , on a fateful day in a office building , with new battery too , I accidently drop my mag and as it hit the ` carpet ' floor , it go off . I try to turn it back on , but after a few try and even change the bulb just in case it be burn out , I realize that my mag have expire . Terrific . the other downfall be that if you drop it and it switch off while you be in the dark , good luck find it if you be in the wood . that happen to I once , but I always carry a backup Mini-Mag , so I find it later -lrb- it be black , and try to find it in the wood with dark branch around be not easy , so it be hard to find -rrb- .  take this as good advice : buy it if you be in the wood or on softer ground-two of mine die fall onto carpet . the other thing be to at least get the `` silver '' or `` light blue '' color version . at least they be easier to find in moonlight . I just get the black since the black look best . ah , still . hat off to mag .
Flashlight	POS	5	even tho I do not use on a maglite this bracket work just fine on the flashliight I do use it for . go up easy and hold well ; on a boat no less . Dan
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight , it come quicker than I expect and work perfectly . it do not come with battery , but it require standard d size battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be look for a good but cheap led flashlight for some time now . this be it . most like it cost around $ 30 . it come with a belt holster which make it even better . no more have to carry a small flashlight in my shirt pocket . only pro here ... no Cons must buy for all .
Flashlight	POS	4	if you be only allow to have one flashlight in you home , make it a maglite . it may not be the brightest flashlight in the market ; but it 'll do just fine within a 150 foot . Wish I could get a 6 c cell maglite .
Flashlight	POS	4	this little light be bright but right in the center seem to be a dark area ? it lose a star for the dark center , you would think the center would be the brightest but it be not .
Flashlight	POS	5	when I get the maglite lead I sorta expect it to be good , how about great , wonderful , amazing ! only 3 White LED 's and you can light up the backyard like daytime . I be go to have to give away my old maglite as they just do not cut it anymore .
Flashlight	POS	5	I work for the government as a communication technician and sometimes you need a nice bright light with stay power , when work in dark room and do cable splice , etc. . so , I know what I be get before I actually buy one of these light for myself . I be so impressed with the light at work , that I know I would eventually have one at home , and now I do . this be a great light ! it will stay light for hour without need a charge . no battery to replace and super bright . my light come with 2 mount bracket , a ac charger and a dc plug for the car or truck . I 'll definately pack this light during future trip . also , I receive this light just 3 day after order it . . super fast delivery !
Flashlight	POS	5	must have have a bad production run of these . the first two have a defective snap . very please with the third one . the snap work properly . it keep my maglite ready and wait for when I need light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I pay full price for this little flashlight and I could not do without it ! it be always handy on my keyring and have just the right amount of power for it be intended purpose ... it be not mean to light up the block ; it be a personal light for see you car or door lock in the dark ; or , -lrb- for we chicken -rrb- , it be a relief to have when go through DARK funhouse with the kid . claustrophobic -lrb- like I ! -rrb- will love it , too !
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite s2c016 black c cell flashlight , 2-c  awesome !!
Flashlight	POS	5	the best article if you need a powerfull flashlight . excelent bulb , adjustable beam and strong material . I have two !
Flashlight	NEG	1	both my wife and my electrician manage to break a pair of these . unless you be really careful when set the light in place , they give away . it be the cheapest of plastic and do not take a beating .
Flashlight	POS	5	for a small flashlight , this one be great . it be significantly better than the non-led version of the same light . the light output from this light be clean , focusable , artifact free , have good color and be about 5 time brighter than the non-led version . the light still support `` candle mode '' too . the flashlight be about 1 '' larger than the non-led version . light output be fairly consistent and strong for a over 3 hour . it be definitely worth buying .
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even whenhe asing h be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I like the light - it put out a great beam , it do not weigh much , it seem to be sturdy enough ... the problem I have with it be it tend to turn on when carry in a pocket . to turn it on , the head be twist . when walk around with the light in a pocket , which I need to do for my work , movement tend to turn the light on . I have run through numerous battery this way , and of course , battery always need to be replace at the most inconvenient time .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy a 2 aa Mini LED . the first one last about a week . it start flicker just like the two guy mention in there review . it be useless now . I wait to long to return to lowe . so a few month past before I get around to deal with the problem . I purchase the same exact light from Home depot in a town a hour and half away . I be sure you can guess what I have plan . to my amazement the replacement never work out the box . just do the flickering thing . I be not a review writer type of of guy , but this have get I boil over . I like mag lite just not the lead 's . do you self a favor and stay clear of this piece of garbage !
Flashlight	NEU	3	this flashlight work well for what I need . it be very bright . the pivot head be handy . if you look at plastic flashlight most be way less expensive than this one . the switch be poor quality and only last about 10 month of daily use .
Flashlight	POS	5	I must say i be really impressed with this product . I be a police man and i find this light to be really handy and useful , and the light be just great and bright . this minimag can really throw a bright beam a good distance !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Flashlight	POS	5	I have a set of these mount below the dash on my pickup face the floor . it be tuck away just right so any occupant can see it clearly and get to it , but it be out of sight of stranger , out of the way and not float around the interior of the car . well worth the money . I be go to buy two more for other vehicle .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a nice little pocket flashlight with the Maglite quality you would expect . also come with a nylon holster that you can loop onto you belt . but ... - lack a one-button on\/off switch . you need to twist the head to turn on\/off and re-adjust the beam spread each time you use . - do not come with a lanyard -lrb- but do have a mount hole on the butt end -rrb- . - not as bright as the new led flashlight . bottom line : if you be a traditionalist , you 'll like this item . otherwise , get a compact led aluminum case flashlight make in China . you can get a way better perform 21-led unit of equal quality for half the price .
Flashlight	POS	5	when my husband receive this as a gift ... I promptly steal it from he . it be nice and light and you can keep it in you purse or in the glove box in the car . if you headlight go out you could use it to drive by ... just kidding . the light output be very impressive . I like this size since the larger 4 and 5 battery size be very heavy . I wish they would dream up something besides the diamond-knurled grip . it give I the same feeling as chalk scrap on a chalkboard do ! ~ the Rebecca Review
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent choice . have a friend with one just like it and use he prior to purchase . I already have a saws-all and drill by dewalt with the same 18 v battery pack . very pleased .
Flashlight	NEU	3	this light be okay . con : it be not a bright light . it be not a led . you have to twist it to create the desire focus -lrb- a plus if you actually want a wide scatter beam , a minus if you want a quick focused beam -rrb- pro : it be small . it be light . water resistant . not sure about the battery complaint . I use it for quick -lrb- -lrb- 1 minute -rrb- use , from time to time . be use the same battery for a good full year . I think MagLite issue lead ` upgrade ' bulb for the aa battery model be quite a admission that MagLite be not the top in this category anymore . I be hope they engineer can come up with a lead ` upgrade ' bulb for this single , AAA battery model as well . I would imagine it would be a better light .
Flashlight	POS	5	a great product for the price . I have have these in the past and have find they highly useful . this will be helpful when I be do my volunteer work .
Flashlight	POS	5	these hold extremely tight . I hang flashlight vertically and only use one clip per flashlight . it be plenty secure .
Flashlight	POS	5	this thing be something else . I read other review and frankly I don ` t know what some 3 starer be talk about . this light be BRIGHT . I mean it ` s rediculuosly bright . I could care less about these so call LED light . this be the cadillac of flashlight . you would have to be a moron to want anything else for a light . this thing be so strong you could use it as a hammer if you want to . it ` s waterproof rubber seal work great . I woulkdn ` t trade this for a led light if you pay I . besides , you can order a lead set-up for these light if led be what you want . why not get the BEST , get a maglight ! I highly recommend this company . thanks for a great light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a touristic guide in the cloud forest in Costa Rica . I provide one of these flashlighst to each tourist for night hike in the forest . all the people love these flashlight and some of they want to keep this maglite for he rest of they trip in Costa Rica . they be easy to use , light , shockproof -lrb- perfect for kid -rrb- and waterproof -lrb- perfect for the rain forest -rrb- . rechargeable battery last 4 or 5 hour . we can perfectly spot animal at the top of the tree at 40 meter of distance . I be sure that this be he best flashlight for my night tour ... I get 8 of they . 100 % recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the recommend bulb for the 36V Dewalt flashlight as well , I have have mine in there for about 6month with no issue .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight will produce 120lumen with its standard bulb . but you can buy a bulb , model number wa01160 from walamp dot com , and turn it into 500 + lumen . the bulb be only 3 dollar each . I do this and basically that be a 45watt typical bulb 's output , and here I be carry it around in my hand .  the finish of this flashlight be hard anodization milspec type iii , can not even scratch it with my key . so , that will last for a while .  the battery will be good for 1000 charge . cool thing be the charger can be use in you car . you can always have this flashlight with you .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have one of these roll around under the back seat storage area of my Dodge off Road Edition 4x4 for the past 5 year , and it work great . I think I might have change the battery in it once or twice , and it get use pretty often . I also use a large spot light for spot thing in the dark while drive off road . but this 3 d cell flashlight work great when we get out of the truck at night , or or when set up a camp or walk down a trail . some of the `` road '' I have drive would have take out a average flashlight , and though the paint have be scrape off here and there , it still work great . at home we have one near the front door and if we hear something outside this thing have enough power to spot anything you point it at . I know everyone be into LED now , but as I have say I this thing be well build and put out enough light to do the job .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have Maglite 's for many year . this be a gift for my kid and I be amaze at how bright these light shine . it be compact and the candle light feature be a nice touch which be actually extremely practical for outside dining on camping trip .
Flashlight	POS	5	we get this handy light for camping & love its sleek style & good source of light . keep a strong light for long & not super heavy for convenience .
Flashlight	POS	5	a well know , try and true product with enormous light output and long battery life . we own many .
Flashlight	POS	5	small , tough , and sturdy . not the first one of these I have purchase and not likely the last . nice and bright . do not forget you can always unscrew the cap and you have get a small torch !
Flashlight	POS	5	install these on the wall in my kitchen to mount my LED Maglite and they work like a charm . they be make from plastic but be really sturdy and after a lot of use so far I do not have any doubt they will last a long time .
Flashlight	NEG	2	the quality be great and it be easy to operate . I buy a couple of these as keychain light . however , the light output even with a fresh battery really be not sufficient for my use .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this light to replace my battery hungry surefire light in my edc -lrb- every day carry -rrb- kit . prior to buy I do some research and my choice come down to this light for the follow reason . 1 -rrb- battery life : this technology allow the mini-mag light to run for 96 hour on the low setting , which be bright enough for regular task at night . 2 -rrb- lead : not only do this extend the useable time of you aa battery , it be bulb life be tremendous , usually into thousand of hour -lrb- although mag light do not state the life expectancy of this particular bulb -rrb- . 3 -rrb- feature : with a twist of the head , this light go from high beam to low beam to flash to S.O.S mode . this be a awesome feature . if you be ever in a situation where you need a third party rescue , just flip on the S.O.S mode and you that much closer to salvation ! and as with most modern utility light , the Mini-Mag LED be water and shock resistant . 4 -rrb- size : although it be slightly longer than my surefire m2 Centurion , it be a lot thinner and easily fit inside my EDC kit which you can take a closer look at on my blog at theseniorscout.com
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy 2 of these flashlight , and both stop work within 2 day of purchase . why can not maglite use the rear push switch like so many other ?
Flashlight	POS	5	I have one at work and I have one at home . I can always count on it work and use it all the time .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have originally intend to buy this belt loop to hang my carabiner full of key . I be get tired of rip my jeans ' and shorts ' belt loop clean off of the pants themselves , so I buy this to move the load onto the belt instead . they be great for that purpose , as the plastic ring be very durable and the leather , which appear real , be sturdy . my key hang a little lower now , but I would rather have they jingle and jangle around my leg instead of ruin my pants . I also have d-cell maglite , and it work great for those as well . overall , this be a sturdy product . you really can not quite go wrong with it .
Flashlight	NEG	1	buy this 2 week ago , base on my excellent experience with Maglites , BUT this one do not live up to Maglite quality . unlike the Mini mag it be fashion after , Maglite must have change something as the rotary on\/off switch die after 2 week . guess i 'll try the competition ... . .
Flashlight	NEG	2	maglite name use to stand for quality flashlight . i purchase 2 cell C & D flashlight and they only last for a year . i suppose for 15 dollar that be not bad . still i would rather not have to replace they with anything from mag intrument
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this for my security job and it make carry my 3d maglite easier especially while carry 3 set of key .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I be what some might call a flashlight abuser . I work as a professional auto mechanic , and I use a flashlight every day . many time a day , in fact . and guess what , I drop it on the floor occasionally . in my experience , this routine be too demand for 95 % of the flashlight out there . I could spend 8o buck on some `` ultimate '' flashlight , but I never will because it would undoubtedly get lose within a week . I have find that the regular , under ten buck , krypton-bulb Mini Maglite be up to the task , however . while the bulb need to be change frequently , I have never have to replace a maglite entirely , except when I lose one . for this reason , I think I would give the lead version a try after I misplace my regular flashlight , to try to save some energy . I be pleasantly surprise at the brightness of the LED bulb . its focus be not adjustable , but the light it produce be bright enough that this be not really a necessity . I wish the flashlight come in brighter color , because misplacement be a big concern for I . I really can not fathom why there be so many black flashlight on the market . I guess maybe people think they look cool or something . I have try LED flashlight and bicycle headlight in the past and have find that they have a major flaw-the electronics be quite succeptible to routine shock such as a 3-foot drop . and , of course , the electronic gut be the most expensive and hard to replace part of the lamp . unfortunately , the LED Maglite be no exception . my flashlight start to cut out intermittently within a few week after I buy it . it be now entirely dead after maybe two month . I think the Maglite would be a cut above the usual led light , and I be wrong . oh well , I guess I 'll find some other way to save the planet .
Flashlight	POS	5	okay , so a aa power torch be not go to illuminate a room , but these minus mag list torch be incredibly handy to have around all the same . I have a black version for my office and a silver version in my car . what make they so useful be that they be very reliable and very simple to use . my black torch get a frequent workout when I be hunting around under the desk unplug wire , or when I have open a computer case and need to see inside it . I have only use the silver one a few time , but it be reassure to keep in the glove box of the car in case I get a flat tyre . I be amaze by the `` candle mode '' that someone mention . I be play around with my torch while write this review and I would never see that feature before ! it be extremely handy to know and just reinforce my good impression of this device .
Flashlight	POS	5	this little flashlight have be a great help in many situation . I keep one in my purse and one in the kitchen drawer with the dog 's leash and drop it into my pocket before take my dog for walk at night . it not only light my way , but help I find the dropping as well as the key hole when I get back to my condo . the candle mode have come in handy during several blackout .
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even they have be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent product . extremely bright , compare to all other light on the market . tough , durable . only drawback be the bulb be fragile , blow easily if drop . simple fix , do not drop you $ 100 flash light . highly recommend for someone who want a lot of light .
Flashlight	POS	4	these be the best ... still breakable with normal wear and tear , but not too expensive to replace .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be extremely durable and very bright . you can adjust the beam to a pen type beam or a broad beam . it be small enough to carry in you pocket and use aa battery . I would recommend this flashlight to anyone .
Flashlight	POS	5	these be great little bracket . as long as you have they align properly , -lrb- thank you s. pandya -rrb- they work great and be strong enough to hold my 6d cell mag . also make sure you have a good surface to screw they into . molly on sheetrock .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you want only 1 flashlight this be the one to get . for its size the brightest light on the market . the best part be that it be rechargable . this light be build like a tank ! you do not have to wonder why 95 % of all law enforcement and rescue folk grab this light for the work they do . dual recharger for home and car . heavy duty ... you bet !
Flashlight	POS	5	this Dewalt flashlight be very lightweight and simple & easy to use . Works with any Dewalt cordless battery , which supply a weighted base to stand on any flat surface . the actual light pivot a full 360 degree .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have have two of these and they have be nothing but a huge disappointment . within several month with both light , the internal contact begin to get corroded and I have to take the light apart to clean then in order for it to work . I have to repeatedly do this every few week . I also have brand new battery on several occasion leak within a very short period of time in both light . the light be always keep in the house and be never expose to adverse weather condition . I be guess it be some type of reaction with the type of metal use in the light since battery from the same package work fine and never leak in other device . these light appear sturdy and well construct , but they lack of reliability be very frustrating and both of mine eventually go in the trash and I would never buy another one . when you need a flashlight in a emergency and it tend usually not to work , it be very frustrating .
Flashlight	POS	5	as always with maglite , I be please with this flashlight . it be cheaper on Amazon than in local store , and come quickly .
Flashlight	POS	5	the shipping be somewhat timely for this product . it be a typical MAGLIGHT , which be a good thing . it have a extra bulb in the tail . it have be very reliable so far , although I have not have it for too long . during the night , when outside , it stay with I , and cut a swath through the night with a bright and precise beam . I have know people that own MAGLIGHTS , and I have want one for a while . they be so well construct . they be also american make , which be great on my nationalistic conscience . if you have never own a MAGLIGHT , I suggest one for everyone .
Flashlight	POS	5	I remember I find my first maglight ; I be drive down a highway behind a tractor trailer , the driver run over something so I break & pull over . it be a maglight , I bring it home change the bulb & it work perfectly ! have to replace the lense from it be encounter with the Mack truck but since that day it have be my favorite flashlight . a year later someone steal it out of my car , so after you purchase this wonderful flashlight keep it safe ! you need to own this !
Flashlight	POS	4	I have have 4 of these over the last ten year . two of they be still go strong , of the other two , one be lose & the other break -lrb- I keep it for spare part -rrb- . of course the current led technology blow away the traditional bulb but they durability , ease of use and availability & affordability of part & upgrade make for a quality , highly adaptable flashlight . I have never use the ` candle ' mode but it be good to know it be there if I ever need it . to this day , I carry one on both tool belt , my ` regular ' , all-purpose belt and my heavier , framing-rig belt . this flashlight be a staple in the trade , law enforcement , engineering and everything in-between . the lead upgrade for this be ok but it be almost cheaper to just buy a mag lead flashlight except that it would be a shame to throw away this light because we buy the lead one , imho . the sheath be durable but lack a way of secure the tool so that it do not slip out and my biggest complaint be that I have to really tighten the head off to keep it from spin on when I sit down and\/or brush it up against a wall every so often . I buy the accessory kit for this early on but it be nothing special . I be wait for these to burn out or break before I buy the lead version , judge by my experience w \/ these , I be go to wait for long time .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own my Mag Charger for about 15 year . I be a mechanic so it see constant use for the first 10 of those year . it be endure abuse beyond belief . countless drop onto concrete . I once drop it from the top of a cab-over tractor . it burn out the bulb and that be all . after year and year of use it be begin to get dim . yeah that be right the original battery pack last till just a month ago . one of the cell finally die . the rubber seal on the switch have go crunchy after the year of exposure to brake cleaner and who know what . I order a new nihm battery from Amazon but could not find the correct rubber button . -lrb- Mine be the old style -rrb- I call Maglite . remember these baby be guarantee forever . that include the rubber part . mag send I a new button no charge . yeah that be it , not only be it the best flashlight in the world it be back by a real no b lifetime warranty by a no b company . you may find light that have more lumen or cost less . they be not worth it . this dude be ready for the long haul . if you be ready for a no b light then you be ready for a Mag Recharger . it will last and if it ever break Maglite will make it right .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I expect more from this light have purchase many of Streamlight 's excellent product . the so-called beam be ringy and irregular and the bulb dont last very long . too many other modern light available that be a quarter of the size and weight that easily out perform the mag Instument line .
Flashlight	POS	5	I install these in the ` saddlebag ' of my Chevy Avalanche and they work very well . I actually use some special fastener from Lowes to use as I be install these in plastic . they have a very firm grip on the flashlight and it look like these will last a long time .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have a lot of flashlight . people read about this product probably already own several size and shape , that be located in tool box , glove compartment and kitchen drawer across America . you can not have too many . I buy this one because of Maglite 's reputation for quality and because the size be perfect for just about any drawer in my house or compartment in my car . add to that the extra juice of the d cell battery and the larger reflector and I know I have to have it . yes , the technology be old school but it be a flashlight , not a computer -lrb- you still use no. 2 pencil right ? -rrb- the darn thing flat out work . you turn it on , light come out of one end - mission accomplish . oh yeah , you can not break it unless you be a barbarian -lrb- a really big barbarian -rrb- . a couple of year ago , I give all my co-worker this model and they still tell I that they use it , love it , best flashlight ever ... and it be american make - I really like that too .
Flashlight	NEG	1	purchase several maglight over the past few year , every flashlight stop work or corrode , order part and replace part in the non-working light , and then they corrode . I spend too much money on a product that do not last
Flashlight	POS	5	as a firefighter for over 40 year , I can say the mag-charger be one of the most dependalbe light I have ever use . my original , which I use for 15 year , be lose at a incident scene . I immediately order a new one . I have replace the battery stick only one time . it be mount in my vehicle and be always charge and ready to go . the service time from one charge be more that adequate for most incident . I highly recommend this product .
Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have get one of these in my car glove box for emergency and another in my living room so that I can check the wiring for my stereo , check the fusebox when the power go out , etc. . the metal enclosed light be very sturdy . my 5 year old have bang it , drop it and it still work .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own 4 conventional -lrb- Krypton -rrb- bulb Maglites over the year and I have run many , many set of battery through they , especially my 2 aa maglite . I 'll just cut to the chase and say that they hit the ball out of the park with this lead version , it be fantastic . the follow observation be with fresh battery in all of the unit : - brightness : the 2 aa lead version be significantly brighter than the 2 AA Krypton bulb version . in fact the 2 aa led be nearly as bright as my 3d cell Krypton bulb maglite ! - clarity : it be no secret that traditional bulb flashlight typically project uneven light pattern with super bright and super dark area in the beam . I find this incredibly annoying and will have to play with the focus of the beam to find something usable . the lead version have this problem solve . the clarity and spread of the light be fantastic . I can flick it on to ANY setting and it be 10x better than the traditional -lrb- Krypton bulb -rrb- maglite in term of clarity and beam focus . I can tell they work a lot on this and they do a great job . - color : this be minor compare to the above , but the lead version put out a cool white beam that be easy on the eye and it seem easier to pick up detail . the conventional bulb version put out a harsher more redish \/ pink beam and after compare the two back to back the lead version be much better . - battery life : do not know yet . I hear the battery should last longer and the circuitry keep the light output up even as the battery go down in charge . Time will tell . I now plan to upgrade all my d cell version with the led upgrade kit . I be very pleased with this purchase . I have make some nasty review in the past , so this this positive review be say something . : -rrb-
Flashlight	NEG	2	this light that I get be not as near as brite as the one sell at Sears yet it have the same number ???
Flashlight	NEU	3	do not get I wrong , I use a MiniMag for year , but then I be give a Pelican Versabrite . while the original Versabrite be not as bright as the MiniMag -lrb- and no focus -rrb- , it have a tiltable head and build in clip to mount to a hat brim or shirt pocket - useful feature when you have to inspect thing and take note at night , or otherwise need light and need both hand free . the Versabrite II end the controversy . it be brighter , no matter how the the MiniMag be focus .  by the way , for a keyring light , try one of the coin-sized led light like the Photon Microlight . they be amazing .
Flashlight	POS	4	I say in the past I say it have no flaws-i be wrong . the scrath poof plastic sheild be verrrrrry vurnerable . it do not seem to affect it , but shine it at something 4-5 inch away and you 'll see what I mean .
Flashlight	POS	4	this nice item be a must for you mag . plus , it double for a key chain holder if you rock those mountain climber rope clippy thing for you key , like million of people and I do . get one . what be five buck ? nothing . the damn Sunday paper cost more nowadays .
Flashlight	POS	4	its a great light for a backup , it light up about 10-20 foot the price of it be worth it and the battery be easily replaceable and they last long , the light be slightly dull but it be great I carry the stream light protac 2l and this on my key as well as the victorinox classic that come with the solitaire I buy at the victorinox store all in all its fantastic to do small thing and it be a great back up ! I love it and will use it for year
Flashlight	POS	5	it be the perfect mini light for the glove compartment , it throw a strong narrow light , a moderately strong diffuse light and it even have a candle light function ! it be lind of sturdy , but heavier than you expect !
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase a mini-maglite in 1994 while in the Marine Crops in a raid-company . I practice raid on zodiac -lrb- the rubber raft that you see special force use in the movie -rrb- and everywhere I go I have my flashlight with I . this flashlight be dunk in the ocean countless time ... drop ... kick ... use as a hammer ... leave in the rain . you get my drift . to this day i still have it ... it look rough , but still work the same as the day buy it . it be amazing . the only maintenance I have do be to wash the sand and salt off of it .
Flashlight	POS	4	hus folk , these clip be great and do exactly what they describe . it take a hefty pull to get the flashlight out when use both mount and that be exactly what you want . I would warn fellow knuckle dragger like myself , that when the flashlight be remove from it be clip , the clip can be break with a bit of pressure in the wrong direction . I would recommend install the clip where there be not a chance of they be rub or push up against by anything else . I install my clip near the stickshift of a Jeep Wrangler on the passenger side and I have end up go through 3 set in 11 year . as far as I know , there be nothing else out there that be as cheap or as good so I 'll stick with they but want to offer up some placement advice . Cheers , NORCALROOTS
Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight . dependable sturdy construction . definitely a light that will last a lifetime . love the spot to flood head . theres a reason why cop use to and sometimes still do use they , they work !
Flashlight	POS	5	three of these be wrap under the Christmas tree for my husband when the power go out for a few hour . my husband begin look for flashlight , but be disappoint that we never have any decent one around the house . I hand he a early present , and as he unwrap it he announce , `` finally ! a good flashlight . '' it be super bright and the beam can be adjust to suit you need . c battery make the flashlight nice and slim ... easy to hold .
Flashlight	POS	4	everything but the holster ... well ... be plain great ! I find the flashlight around my local area but they be not at this price . I simply take the holster and get rid of it . they rip and tear off quickly . in a pinch I guess they would be ok to use one day but that be about all you would get out it . I have a ballistic holster that I get on Amazon and it be a lot better and will last for year .
Flashlight	POS	4	some reviewer disparage these clip because they be plastic . I have to look closely at they to make sure they be plastic since they feel very sturdy to I . I attach they to the frame of my futon in a couple of minute and now feel better know that I have a light handy without even have to get out of bed . I plan to get another set , or two , to mount a light near the garage door and maybe even in my suv .
Flashlight	POS	5	my son love these flashlight !!! the three of they lay in bed at night and take turn make picture on the ceiling !! the flashlight come with a extra bulb which be located in the other end therefore no chance of lose it !!!
Flashlight	NEG	2	I buy this base on the name and the review . disappoint in the flashlight , not only do it work sometimes but it be not even that bright . most of the time I go to turn it on and nothing happen , even if I unscrew the cap all the way for candle mode I still get nothing . it happen the very first time I try it so it have not be abuse or drop in any way . disappoint on the lack of quality in the pricey flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	great product . i look in all my local store and could only find a 14.4 volt bulb so i look here and sure enuf they have just what i be lookin for !
Flashlight	POS	4	buy the mag minus and the accessory lens . Wish the light be a bit brighter , but overall the whole package of flashlight , holster , battery , lens , leash and anti-roll device be a nice compact package you can take anywhere .
Flashlight	POS	5	Got this on time and I buy 2 . one for my dad and 1 for my brother in law . I be sure theyll love it . it be pretty strong and the power of the light be also v. good . good brand to trust on .
Flashlight	POS	4	when I buy the light many year ago it work great and be plenty bright . I take to strap it onto the handlebars of my bicycle -lrb- with a pad to prevent damage -rrb- for commute home at night from work . I really like the quick forty five minute recharge cycle and I have two battery so be easy to change out . no other bike light I have find at any price come close to that quick charge and simplicity . anyway ... the bulb eventually go after lot of use and I go look for new one . at my local tool supply I find they and head for the counter . nine DOLLARS ! ! ! ! -lrb- for two bulb ; now ten plus -rrb- . that be stupid I exclaim ! for twelve volt flash light bulb . I can get the same thing at the local mom and pop hardware store for less than a dollar each ; dollar sixty nine top . five dollar each from Dewalt what a mark up ! Thievery ! etc. , etc. , etc. , etc. , ok I be sing a different tune now . I just `` invest '' in two genuine dewalt after several year of use the hardware store one . partly because the cheep one be get hard to find and because I remember the light be plenty bright back when new and have not seem that way for a while now . even allow for the darken that happen to the glass on the bulb over time I put in the new bulb and run it for a charge worth . quite a difference . the light out put be whiter than the basic cheep bulb , the spot on the road be larger for the same pitch , it actually seem to get brighter on the second use even though the battery be lower annnnnnd it run longer than with the cheep bulb for the same charge . I can say that because the run time be within a minute or less for each commute period . I guess I be back with Dewalt bulb for the difference they make .
Flashlight	POS	5	these flashlight mount bracket be make of some type of plastic , it must be kryptonite because my first set be very old and be still in service , they never wear out . need a second set for a different area and I be glad the product have not change .
Flashlight	POS	5	anyone who live as far out in the rural countryside as I do get accustom to power interruption , whether they be due to down power line from ice storm , someone hit a key telephone pole and knock out a transformer , or be the result of one of the occassional electrical storm we have during the warmer month of the year . in any and all of these circumstance I can always depend on my collection of mag-light to see I through the darkness of the house in order to light my well-used candle and oil lamp until the power be finally restore . I also have one in each of my two truck , and when I recently narrowly miss hit a startled deer late at night and go off the road into a muddy field , the trusty mag light be invaluable in help I find a winching point to pull myself out of the muddy gully . so , whether it be a venture down into the blacken hole my basement become late at night , or find my way to the bathroom in the middle of the night , I can always depend on my mag light to candle-power my way wherever I be go . I have four or five of the middle-sized one like the one display here , but actually also have three or four of the largest one as well . I love mine , and although I seem to misplace at least one or two a year , I always have a ample supply of both mag-light and replacement battery because I find they be absolutely essential out here in the wood . get one today .
Flashlight	POS	4	mag light be awesome . I have a 3 d-cell light for year , and replace it with this 4 d-cell . however , it be a bit to heavy to easily swing around as a weapon . buy the 3 d-cell light .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be simply the best flash light I have ever use . really like the light focus feature and solid feel .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be awesome . sure , it be big and heavy , but it be worth it . it cast a spot a loooooooong way , and , on flood , can fill a room . also , you can drop it not worry . oh , do I mention you can knock people out with one hit ! go Maglights !
Flashlight	POS	5	I love my maglight flashlight . I buy mine id say about a year or so ago . after a few month of use i lose it and think i have lose it forever . last month i find it . it be in my wood beside my fireplace wedge in between a rock . it be outside for at least 8 month . it be out there for the whole new england winter and to everyone suprise it still turn on . it work like the day i buy it . if that isnt durable i dont know what durable be . as a matter of fact , its outside right now in my garden . I aciidently throw it in there but i really dont care , it can take it . its also nice and bright and have good o ring so water isnt a problem . it also have a -lrb- candle Mode -rrb- where you take the top off and its like a floddlight . it do use up battery faster than some flashlight but its such a nice flashlight i dont care . rechargable would be a good idea . highly recommend
Flashlight	POS	4	I have to wait a while , but I receive the merchandise in good condition and it work as expect . my light now work
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a excellent flashlight . it have good battery life and be extremely durable too . it be a perfect size for everyday use . but if you buy this flashlight you should buy the lead upgrade . it isn `` t as bright as the original bulb but it be almost as bright . this be a really durable flashlight as i say before . it have even survive be throw up into the air and even be run over by a bike ! so this flashlight be worth the money .
Flashlight	POS	5	as expect , he mag give plenty of light for everyday use and emergency situation . what I like most about it be the sturdy build and feel . all in all the Ferrari of consumer flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	it charge , it work , and it hold its charge . it be from Mag-Lite -lrb- Mag Instrument -rrb- . do it get any better ?
Flashlight	NEG	2	the Mag-Lite Solitaire be well design and well make but simply be not bright enough . however , if all you use a flashlight for be look for you key under the seat of you car or assist with read menu , it may be ok . it have a sleek design , and it be appeareance will not draw attention on a keychain . it function like any other -lrb- large -rrb- minus mag light , by twist the end where the light come out to turn it on and off . Change the battery by unscrew the other end . a spare bulb be conceal within the end cap . pro : - it be small . - it be well make , with all component fitting together smoothly , and a clean simple appearence . con : - it be just not that bright . some of the newer led flashlight be of a similar size but much brighter . overall , I would have to give this one a pass , unless I develop a fetish for small , well design gadget -lrb- like watch , watch be SOOO cool ! and miniature sextent , those thing be sooo neat ! -rrb- . ok , so I have this fetish , and this would explain why I have a Solitaire in my toolbox .
Flashlight	POS	4	its a maglite . its a tough little bugger , and it will outlast all you other plastic flashlight . one problem be the bulb be not very bright . they be good candidate for led replacement . one problem I have find be that the battery tube be just large enough for 1600mah nimh aa cell , but the larger capacity cell of 2000-2650mah be too `` fat '' and will not slide in . alkaline will work well of course , they be skinnier . like other maglite you can take off the focuser and use it as a `` candle '' . the tiny skinny bulb be fragile so it will not take much abuse . its pretty heavy despite its size so you may have problem hold it in you tooth of you want to use it `` handsfree '' . the rear cap have a hole for a lanyard strap and I suggest you use one , cylindrical flashlight have a bad habit of roll away at inopportune time .
Flashlight	POS	4	I 'll say this first : as far as cheap led flashlight go , this be probably the most rugged and versatile one I have find . it be solid aluminum with a nice gunmetal finish , and it be fairly decently water-sealed . I have use this at night in the rain with no problem . it be not exactly insanely bright , but certainly bright enough to clearly see in front of you for about fifteen-twenty foot . past that , the beam lose a lot of its power and be just a soft light . the candle feature be interesting and useful , but the expose bulb be painfully bright to the naked eye . it need a teensy lil ' lampshade . it have a two additional mode that involve flash at different interval - a neat feature for signaling , and even self-defense . with how bright it be , you can briefly blind and disorient someone and make a getaway . it be not go to win you any fight , but it might get you out of one in a pinch . heck , you can even set it to strobe and then take the cap off so you can have a little rave party . as for flaw , it have a few , but they be not really serious . I have have issue with the flashlight flicker - partially due to the cap come loose through handling , and partly because the battery be loose enough in the housing to rattle a little side-to-side . additionally , the ability to `` focus '' the beam be pretty mild . it start out at full focus , and as you twist the end more , it just become a extremely unfocused dull light with -lrb- I imagine -rrb- limited application . the battery life be pretty decent . I get a good two-three hour of maximum brightness , and then it start dim almost imperceptibly over time . probably a good six hour of effective use . it be always a surprise to I how bright it can be when I change the battery . another reviewer mention something about not have a lanyard loop . while not visible in the product image , there be a small hole build into the cap of the flashlight through which one could put a lanyard . there be a different model that do not have say hole , however .
Flashlight	POS	5	this mag Lite be just the right size to carry along if you have to travel through a poorly light area to get to you car at night ! this company make excellent , reliable product !
Flashlight	POS	4	it sure be nice have a flash light that I always know there be a fresh battery in . this be the case because I have multiple of the 12-volt DeWalt battery and always keep one on the unplugged charger fully charge and ready to swap out for a dead battery . this flashlight be well balanced and feel nice in the hand and turn on and off easily with the thumb of the hand hold the light . my only complaint be that it eat the battery up pretty fast . I be unable to make a run to the outhouse and back without the flashlight go dead -lrb- or at least very dim -rrb- . and I do not stay seat long . I end up turn it off while seat .
Flashlight	POS	5	i need to buy anotherone cause mine be stollen ... so i know i could not go out without one of this ... be very usefull and by the way be very practical to have one in the purse , in you car , in you kitchen cabinet ... any place , cause you never know ... !!!
Flashlight	NEG	1	these be fine in they day , but have be eclipse by much better , brighter aa or aaa flashlight . I decide to try upgrade two old one I own to the newer led and xenon bulb . both bulb be available at the box store and very reasonable . sadly , neither bulb do much to improve the amount of light these Mini MagLites produce . I do not test lumen or anything like that . I just add fresh battery , turn they on in a room with daylight come into it , and you could just see a small circle of light on the wall at 6 ' . at 8 ' they be almost invisible . better technology have pass these by .
Flashlight	POS	5	Great solid feel to it , even when screw on the end cap for the battery . the beam adjustment be easy and precise . it be a maglite ... enough say .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I buy this for a family member for he birthday , and have have a chance to try it out a few time since . it be a good flashlight , do not get I wrong . but as a general home or bedside flashlight , there be much better choice .  in the first place , it be not cheap . you can get a very good 4 D-Cell Maglite for less than 1\/4 of the price . I have one next to my bed , and I love it . regular d-cell last a astonishingly long time . it be highly probably that the money you would save on battery with the rechargeable would not make up for the difference in price in less than about a decade .  second , this flashlight be not that bright . it be fine for just locate thing in the dark , but if you have any pretension about use this flashlight as part of you home-security and defense plan , then you really want something brighter . I carry a small surefire e2e in my pocket every day , and it be about twice as bright as this rechargeable mag .  if you really do want a rechargeable flashlight for home use , consider spend a bit more on model make by Surefire or Streamlight . they be brighter and have better battery life -- although you 'll pay through the nose for it . if you do not want to spend that much , a 3 or 4 d-cell maglite will still be one of the best flashlight you 'll ever own .
Flashlight	POS	5	I get one of these little like 1980-something . I still have the same one , it still work great with only change bulb and battery throughout the year . it have be practically everywhere with I and always work .  these flashlight be campact , bright , durable and focusable . I have drop mine , toss mine , even use it as a hammer once or twice . get it wet , cold and generally yucky . still work great . the only way this will not be the last flashlight you 'll ever buy be if you do what I do , finally get a bigger mag-lite a few year ago for those time when I want more light .  these have to be the best-supported flashlight on the planet . how many other flashlight have so many accessory available for they and have be copy so frequently ? you will not be sorry .
Flashlight	POS	5	the first one I have be black , just like Model-T . be dark and inside my dark overalls pocket , I forget about it until it fall . it fall couple more time since . it be still work . it be a good size to go inside the tool box permanently . the size be also small enough to go inside where only you hand can reach . sometimes in my line of work in seismic oil exploration I need to do come cabling , the Mini help to get the connection right .  buy a few more mag light since the first one , see as it be tough and rain proof . but when I travel it be the Mini that come along instead of the Mag Solitaire because the aa size battery be the most universally available battery you can find in most country .  Torch -lrb- flashlight to you guy in US -rrb- be like penknife , tend to need it in a emergency . so one live with the Leatherman , one in the car glove box , the old one still in the tool box .  yeah , I have hold the torch in my lip too in the past but now recommend a headband by Nite Ize to turn it into a headlamp . another item worth consider if you go hike a lot be the Nite Ize `` pock-its '' . this be a holster for Mini Mag Light and Leatherman , spare battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	at first glance , I think these bracket be go to be cheap and flimsy . they be quite the contrary . they hold my flashlight with a Kung Fu GI Joe grip ! I love how sturdy they feel . ca not go wrong with these bracket . just make sure you tie they into solid blocking in you wall -lrb- aka you stud -rrb- . otherwise , you may rip a patch of you drywall out of the wall when lift you flashlight out .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the only flashlight to have . it be tough , bright , and durable . it will not break , and if you replace the battery , it will never let you down . if someone attack you , you can beat they with it , and it will still work . compare to the Maglight , any other flashlight be worse than useless . Face it , you flashlight be a serious personal survival tool , and it be stupid to be stick with one that be just a cheap toy . put one in you vehicle and one by the side of you bed , and I guarantee you will never regret it . the company be also pretty amazing . I buy a maglight at a large store once , and someone have remove the gasket and some other part . I call the company toll-free , and they not only send I the part I need at no charge , the send I extra , and they come in the mail within a few day !
Flashlight	NEU	3	in the last decade , people have be root for this small flashlight that be always consider to be cool , with it be aircraft aluminum ` armor ' , and bright beam . this thing be once consider to be more popular than a lightsaber .  these quality stand to this day and should be consider should you buy this as a gift or lighting tool for someone . it be strong reach beam fire a fair distance in spot mode , and a moderately effective flood mode light up a room quite nicely .  now , with these kudos , there be some thing to keep in mind when buy this light :  unless you get silver\/puter or light blue , this black knight can be easily lose in the dark if you do not have it on . also , the fact that it be a heavy duty metal do not help it be chance from a fairly tall fall . this thing be not shock absorbent . maybe it be case be , but it be innards be not . and to top it all off , this flashlight be more thirsty for battery than a 5 litre gas guzzle Mustang . after a good half hour , it dim a litte , but a little too soon .  so , what do I recommend above the Mini mag ? two great recommendation : the Energizer double Barrel ` xenon ' flashlight , with it be great look , and better battery life . the xenon bulb be also brighter than the mag 's ` t-bulb ' . another great light be the Rayovac AA Industrial flashlight . now , this flashlight do not have the same distance reach as the Mini mag -lrb- in spot mode -rrb- since this light be build with a ` wide spot ' , that act like a super -lrb- and I mean super for a aa light -rrb- minus spot light , and maybe not at long distance , but at least for light up ... the WOODS ! I find this to be the best light for when you be lose in the wood . if you be one of those people who walk a lot at night , especially near any forest and wooded area , then the Rayovac AA Industrial light be the one-if you be not interested in a l.e.d light , which should be you first choice . you would probably think that a Rayovac AA flashlight would not be powerful enough for to light up the thick of the wood in the night and twenty foot in front of you ... well , guess again !! you would better get one and try it out . it be output be nearly as bright as a 2d maglite in flood mode . really ! I carry it everywhere with I -lrb- knapsack -rrb- . and mega shock resistant !!  so , hat off to mag for a great run , and for make a cool and powerful light with a few self defeat fault .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be ship promptly and arrive within the order guideline . it be for a friend to bring to he brother who be work a security detail overseas .
Flashlight	POS	5	nothing new . same as my 12v light that never die . get bang around nicely and work well . focus feature could be nice tho . as say before - love those bare tool deal .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be one heavy flashlight and all that maglite advertise . it can double as a lethal weapon also . you can dial what width of beam you want to almost a pinpoint . I understand why so many people in Alaska or rural area and hunter use they . you can see for close to a mile with the 6 cell and I do not think I could carry anything larger . I feel very safe with it when I be out at night and at my farm . very much worth the money and I will probably be get a couple more .
Flashlight	POS	5	I grow up know about my grandfather and he large Maglite flashlight that he always trust , so I have always believe in the quality of they product . this maglite , while much smaller , do not disappoint . it be rugged , and have not eat battery . I be very happy with this flashlight and I especially recommend it for carry on you person .
Flashlight	NEG	1	the shipping be as much or more than the product . I order it with other dewalt product but it be ship from a seperaye company
Flashlight	POS	4	I like this light but it have one major flaw with the large opening : -lrb- I buy this for light painting photography this dose not do its job for light painting photography because its full beam have this weird jelly fish look where as I need a clear full strong beam of light : \/ but for see in the dark or anything else I be sure its amazing . just do not get this for light painting -lrb- maybe pay a extra 10 $ for a better one -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	5	move to a new apartment I know that I would need a flashlight at some point . I have a old flashlight that hardly work and think a small , easy to use flashlight would be fine . the review on this product be positive so I take the leap . I be really please with this light . I have not have a lot of use for it at this point , but the few time I have have to use it , it have work as expect . I be also a bit fan of the lamp ability that this light have . I would definitely recommend this product .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be really a bright flashlight . a classic Maglite product . make from aircraft aluminum . it be really rugged that it become a issue with the lapd for use they as a melee weapon . wife do not want to touch it , it be heavy like a sledgehammer . pro : - it be blind bright . - adjustable beam spread by twist the head , which be also serve as the on and off switch . - well construct in every detail . - water resistant - it even include a spare lamp inside the tail cap -lrb- under the spring -rrb- . - reasonable price con : - use 4 `` d '' battery that make it so heavy and big . it be a struggle to carry it unless you need it also as a weapon . - maglite be somewhat overrate in my opinion .
Flashlight	POS	4	as always , very happy with any mag flashlight . much brighter than my old bulb base 2 aa minus maglite . I have read that some other brand be brighter , but it be plenty bright enough for I and I like the aluminum case that mag offer .
Flashlight	POS	5	what else can I add to the grow great review for this product ?  all I can say be that this be one of the best flash light I have ever use . I like it so much that I buy two of these : one for work and one for my car .  i work the night shift . I use the work one often . it be bright and very solid . the size be just about right . it be not too big like its larger brother , but just big enough to feel secure while hold it .  a great value ! if you be look to buy a flashlight , look no further . this be the perfect one for the home consumer .
Flashlight	POS	5	as always , mag supersede all flashlight . better this year . have no response to a rma 4 year ago but it be old anyway . it could use some type of cradle , -lrb- position holder , Third Hand -rrb- which I have be recommend to they for year , but who know , maybe they will think about the user again and try it . peace and Merry Christmas . . Don
Flashlight	POS	5	definitely a good buy for time when you need light -lrb- or torch -rrb- while walk around the city in the dark . it be produce a strong light consider the size , which be maybe about 1 foot in length . Heavy , but durable . I do not need to change the 2 aa battery over 7.5 month . the light also come with a extra lightbulb build into the flashlight in the case that the lightbulb burn out . the holster be unnecessary , in my opinion .
Flashlight	POS	5	we sail from Charleston South Carolina to Whangarei , New Zealand last year with 2 of these onboard . in the middle of the night , when something go `` bang '' this be what I grab for when head up on deck . the underwater flashlight , led , and waterproof unit be great for they specific task , but when you do not know what you be go to be get into , this be the one that I want with I !
Flashlight	POS	5	I love my Mini Maglite ! I have have two of they in the last 8 year -lrb- one grow leg and walk off , so I replace it for $ 10 -rrb- and never have a single problem with either . these be make by maglite and be a step up from they Solitaire AAA keylight -lrb- another great light -rrb- . the Mini run on two aa battery and have a tiny 3 volt `` bi-pin '' type bulb . the battery be store in the flashlight 's body and be access by unscrew the tail cap . the lens be make of polycarbonate , and every mating surface of the light be seal with rubber o-ring , which make it resistant to dust , moisture , and waterm and I can validate this . I have use it in the rain , mud , snow , and fog with no problem whatsoever ! I think it be interesting that the Mini do not have a traditional on\/off switch . you turn it on by twist the head assembly to the right or leave , and you focus the beam the same way from spot to flood . one of the thing about the Mini mag that I really like be that you can use it as a candle . if you turn it on and keep unscrew the the head , it will eventually come apart . the bulb will stay on so you can use the light as a candle by stand it up on the tail cap . I have find this to be invaluable when I need a desk light or reading light but do not want to get out of bed to turn mine on . the Mini mag be quality instrument . the body , end cap , and head be make out of high quality aluminum that be be computer machine from a solid billet of aluminum , which make it very strong with tight tolerance for precise fit between part . the bezel that secure the lens assembly and reflector be also make out of aluminum that have be laser etch with the Maglite logo , and the head have raise grove cut in it for a better grip when twist the head to turn the light on , off , and for focus the beam . it be also fully anodize inside and out for maximum corrosion resistance in saltwater environment . the body be also cut with a pattern in it for a better grip when you hand be wet or slippery . despite the grip , I do have it slip out of my hand several time . it feel solidly build , hefty in the hand , and I reckon will be unlikely ever to break , even if you abuse it . I be weary of the head fitting snugly to the body because there be a little play in it , but it seem to be seal off good and be not let water or dust in . Mine have be drop more time than I can remember , leave on all night and day , step on , sit on , kick , toss , dunk in water , coat in mud , bury in sand , with no problem . you could run this over and it would be fine ! the lens do get scratch up and the anodization be wear very thin , but it be still good to go . the light output be impressive for such a tiny bulb . I be surprise at how bright it be . it would throw a decent amount of light at least 50 foot and illuminate a small room with the candle function . I can not say how many time I have reach for it and turn it on and it always work . in over 7 year I only have to replace the bulb once -lrb- it come with a spare bulb in the tail cap that be secure in a plastic holder -rrb- . the battery life be pretty good . mag advertise 30 hour of run-time and I can validate that . with fresh battery I use it for over two month of occasional use before it start dim . the best part about these be that you can get a lead conversion for they . Maglite make a lead version of this , but the aftermarket conversion work much better . I install the TerraLux lead kit , and it be worth every penny . it cost more than the Maglite itself , and be more expensive than the mag lead , but it be well worth it . you get triple , maybe quadruple the light output and longer battery life to boot . it be a fantastic investment , and for those who want a physical on\/off switch -lrb- I do -rrb- , terralux make one of those as well . pro : high quality make from aluminum not plastic nearly indestructable water resistant Compact Good light output adjustible beam good battery life easily upgradable con : none ! a great light that will always be there when you need it , plus it be a Maglite so it be a company you can trust will stand behind its product . if you want a inexpensive flashlight that will last you a very long time , look at the Mini Maglite first .
Flashlight	NEG	1	what a waste of money . this be not a lead light , and do not come close to the performance of a lead light at half the price ! guess we be pay for the name and the lifetime warranty . this one will easily last a lifetime , sit unused in a drawer . buy it for my medical career wife -lrb- she like purple -rrb- but it be clumsy for she to turn on , concentrate the beam , then turn off with one hand . buy she a 99-cent tear-drop shaped keychain lead light on a whim and its perfect . brighter and easier to use , replaceable battery , and 1\/7 the cost . I really expect more from this company , but both this light and they customer perspective be obsolete . no complaint with the quality of construction . solid aluminum and o-ring as usual . just have the minor flaw of cast a weak and scattered beam , way below the performance of modern led technology . the light be yellow and full of shadow artifact that prevent a clean illumination . not a good buy ; do not repeat my mistake !
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a nice , sturdy , flashlight in a metal casing . it have a nice bright beam and fit easily into a drawer . it be a definite improvement over the cheap plastic flashlight that I have . Amazon have it at a good price . I recommend .
Flashlight	NEU	3	worked right out of package . but I do not find the light as bright as I expect . will work in small dark room . not bright enough for outdoors .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a top quality , rugged and bright flashlight with bulk . this bulk can be a asset or drawback , depend on you need . pro : a -rrb- very ruggedly make , with aluminum construction . this light can be drop in mud , rock and water without destroy it . the only drawback be that the regular bulb can break , render you light useless . however , I have never have a bulb break . if break be a concern , Maglite make a lead version , which can not break . b -rrb- this light be very bright . c -rrb- the on\/off switch be on the side , near the front . it be rubber shield to eliminate water and dirt get into the light . it be not easy to accidentally turn it on , but be easy to find in the dark by feel . d -rrb- the light take 3 d cell , easy to find and last a long time . e -rrb- police have routinely use these maglite as a combination baton and light . while , thank goodness , I have never have to use as a baton , it might add to a more secure feeling in certain situation . f -rrb- the light be a good `` thrower '' . that be , it project a tight beam a long distance without disperse much . there might be a better throwing light available , but it will undoubtedly cost much more . g -rrb- the light can be focus . it can throw a tight beam or spread the light out more to the side ; very adaptable . con : a -rrb- the light can be heavy if carry for long period on you belt or in you coat pocket , etc. . b -rrb- the light be large and bulky to carry . this could also be a advantage , so it depend on you need . conclusion : all in all this be a high quality light . it have few substitute if you be look for a bright and rugged light with some bulk . if you want a bright light in a smaller package , the Maglite xl50 might be a good option :  maglite xl50-s3016 lead flashlight , black
Flashlight	POS	5	I use these clip to make a license plate mount that attach to my winch 's roller fair lead . these clip fit perfectly and make it easy to pop the license plate on and off . only downside I would say be that they be plastic ! otherwise they be a great product over all !
Flashlight	POS	5	I get one of these issue at work today because I could not find my normal use flashlight . I throw out the box immediately so I have to look up the multus mode feature online to clarify why the light be do what it be do . I really like these feature though . the 25 % brightness feature will help if you want to use the light in candle mode as the bare led be super bright and not suitable for light a table if the power go out . less bright equal more comfort in those situation . I can see myself use the flash feature as well . you could leave the light outside flash as a signal if someone be go to you house and could not find it , for instance . the SOS feature be a neat thing , I suppose , but I hope I never have to use it ! I have a mini mag aa at home with a lead conversion , but this one be much brighter . same mag quality you expect from they other stuff . if I have to buy this light , I certainly would . I be glad work give I one for free -lrb- go toolroom guy ! -rrb- but I want to recommend this product in case anyone be on the fence about it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight , base on my experience with mag-lite , to use as a dependable emergency flashlight for my car . it fit the bill as a sturdy well build product . I also have one -lrb- 2d-cell -rrb- in my other car too . this 3c-cell unit be actually only 1-inch longer than the equivalent 2d-cell mag-lite and be lighter too . it be 11 '' long , so check you glove compartment dimension if you intend to store it there .
Flashlight	POS	4	as a goverment Motor Vehicle Inspector and use many flash light over 16 year this be the best ever . the DOT would not be the same without it .
Flashlight	POS	5	you can buy flashlite with 18 volt bulb all day long in the area I live in , but not the replacement bulb . I guess they want to sell another complete flashlite . these bulb arrive in there blister pack , well packed , no damage . and they work perfectly . thanks Amazon .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I be use these to hold my flashlight in my car , and they break . just in the course of usage , not in a car wreck or anything . I be use they to hold the light horizontally , so maybe a vertical position mount on a wall would work better , but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these .
Flashlight	POS	5	mag Lite product be the industry standard for a reason . they be american make . they be Union Made . they be the quality that you need to last you a lifetime . I recommend !
Flashlight	POS	5	this holder be great to have on you belt ! you never know when you might have to have you maglite with ya !!!
Flashlight	POS	5	when I be a NYC police officer , many cop be get these to carry on patrol . they be excellent flashlight , virtually indestructable , fairly small in size but very bright . I definitely recommend this flashlight for safety and convenience .
Flashlight	POS	5	these bracket hold my flashlight in place in my jeep next to the driver seat . even on rough trail the light have never come loose . in addition to my Maglite , they hold my large survival knife and seat belt cutter -lrb- the loop for a belt go over the clamp before the flashlight go in -rrb- and I have have no issue for over a year . I buy a second set to mount another 3d maglite in my camper . I have the flashlight mount upright so if I need light in the middle of the night , but do not want to use the 12 volt , I just push the button and light the whole trailer , flashlight in place . the price have about double by the time I buy the second set , but at less than $ 5.00 they be a bargain .
Flashlight	POS	5	have be use Maglite flashlight for year , they be tough , resilient and a very good value . now if I would just stop lose they !
Flashlight	POS	5	we have get several maglite . we keep they in we emergency kit in the car , in a few room in the house in case of power failure , and we like to pack the minus when we travel . maglite be durable and dependable , they be pretty much the only flashlight I will buy . the Mini Lights put out a good amount of light and be good to have around when hook up stereo or the time when there be a power outage .
Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I personally do not have one of these -lrb- although I have use other people 's -rrb- but have a lead 3d maglite . it make no sense to pay $ 20 for a antique incandescent 3d maglite when you can get a lead version right here on amazon for only $ 25 ! the led be brighter , around 10 time as energy efficient and have no filament to break from impact or turn it on and off a lot . the only reason to buy this old light be if you want to use it as a heater !  mag-lite st3d016 3-d cell lead flashlight , black
Flashlight	NEG	1	I want a mag rechargeable flashlight for some time , but just could not justify the expense . well , I finally buy it , and what a dissappointment . I will say , it be a excellent flashlight when it work . I get all of 5 minute out of it when I first use it . I diagnose the problem as a fail bulb , as I could clearly see the filament be break . I order a replacement which be NOT CHEAP . it too last 5 minute , and yes , I know enought not to touch the bulb with my bare finger while install . buy two more bulb next time around , and you guess it , about 5 minute use for each . so , all total about $ 125 for 20 minute of light . Run from this deal .
Flashlight	POS	5	not too big , not too heavy , not too bright . . just right for any application -lrb- no filter include though -rrb- . good focus and light dispersement with a easy twist of the front -lrb- larger -rrb- part of the flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	i have buy multiple Mini Maglites over the year . they all still work great , they be durable , light , small ; perfect for home , car , camping , travel , etc ; candle mode rock ! this little flashlight be plenty strong ; yes there be bright out there , but for a lot more $ ; dollar-for-dollar , this model be outstanding .
Flashlight	POS	4	I use this item several time to look around in my computer case -lrb- and many other computer case -rrb- when little to no light be available . this little extremely portable light do the job just fine . I really so no other use for it as the mini maglight be small enough for almost any job .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight because , every time I need a flashlight around the house . the battery would be weak or dead . and to replace the battery usually cost more than the flashlite be worth . the recharable maglight , be heavy duty , durable , and a very , very bright light . very please with this light . Wish I have buy one sooner .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have my 6d maglite for about 10 year now and still shine as bright and work as well as when I buy it . I go through a set of battery about every 2 year on average . dollar for dollar , this be the best flashlight . for $ 20 , it be very bright , battery last long enough , and it be also a intimidating clubber if worst come to worst . it be no wonder why law enforcement use Maglites . I would recommend this flashlight to anyone and everyone . affordable , durable , bright , and a self defense weapon if need to be .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have a 3-d cell and a 2-aa lead maglight as well as a 2-aa regular maglight . my complaint with the 2-aa maglight , whether lead or regular bulb be that they do not hold they charge . I have keep both 2-aa maglight in my car , and barely use it , yet the battery get drain . the 2-aa maglight be not good with battery life when you have it store for several month . I have also store my 2-aa non lead flashlight in my house , and same problem , the battery get drain and I barely use the darn thing . but I guess that be why the maglight be so much cheaper than say streamlight or the other high end flashlight . the 3-d cell lead maglight however be great , battery life hold when store in the house for month , and when use it it do not die on you and keep its brightness .
Flashlight	POS	5	MAGLITE flashlight win I over about four year ago . Maglites work in rain and snow , be very bright and last a exceptionally long time . I originally get my maglite 6-d flashlight as a back up to my surefire 6p lead , however , the Maglite soon win I over . now I use th surefire as a backup to my maglite ! great flashlight , would recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	these clip be great . make out of a very durable plastic , they be very easy to install . I mount these in both my truck and now have very easy access to the maglight and now free up room in my glove box .
Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite flashlight be amazing ! it only take 2 c battery , and its bright beam reach as far into the darkness as I can see . it have a adjustable beam focus , but it be not the kind that you turn on by twist the end ; it have a on\/off button-type switch . the bulb be the incandescent kind , not a blue-looking led -lrb- the lead maglite consume less power and be great for search for thing on the ground in the dark , but this kind seem to project its beam farther , so it be good for use on the campground or the shooting range , and in miss person search -rrb- . it be not terribly heavy for a metal flashlight , but yet it be extremely sturdy . I would recommend for anyone that want a full-sized flashlight , buy this one . but remember that it be just that : a full-sized flashlight . if you want a compact one that you can carry in you pocket , you will want a smaller one , such as the 2 aa model , but remember that the smaller one be generally not as powerful . as long as it be a MAGLITE , you will not be disappoint .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight ! the price from Amazon be half of what snap on tool charge . if you be older or have trouble see in dark place , this be the flashlight for you . one word of caution -- do not drop when hot !! you will be replace the bulb .
Flashlight	NEU	3	what can you say bulb burn out . these can be hard to find so if you be buy a light you might as well pick up a couple because there be nothing worse than grab you light and find out the bulb be burn out and you do not have a spare when you really need it !
Flashlight	POS	5	I get the lead version of this mag-lite recently . I be very satisfied . it be deliver two day ahead of schedule , and the flashlight be awesome , durable , and bright . what more do you want ? my dad be always get these cheap flashlight ... he be go to be jealous when he see this . it be very nice , bright , and it make that satisfy `` click '' when you turn it on .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have own one of these light for year . the original light bulb last at least five year but replacement -lrb- genuine brand -rrb- only last a few month . ... otherwise a great product - would be five star if the bulb last longer .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be not the first mag light that I have purchase . they continue to make a sturdy and convenient to use product . it be just the thing to keep at my bedside .
Flashlight	POS	5	have a 4c cell for about 10 year until I let a fellow guard use it and that be the last I have see of it just about a year ago . have a really nice rechargable flashlight at home but the end cap needle use to rechage it be broekn and this be the BEST flashlight replacement for it . recieve it in a timely manner 3 day of order and just in time for the weekend work shift . would highly recommend this flashlight as I do not know if I can order a new end cap for the rechargable , in which case it can still be use with regular battery but not as bright as with the battery it come with . these light can take a beating and still work . my lose old one be scracthe and betan but work when I need it to . buy this flashlight also for good self protection as a baton in most state be consider a deadly weapon and a maglight be not . but check you local law to make sure . do not quote I on the legality of the use of a maglight for protection make sure and look for yourself !!
Flashlight	POS	5	once in a while you 'll encounter a product that be so far out front that the other should pick up they marble and go home . mag-lite be the standard bearer in the flashlight category . -lrb- be it not for the picture , you would hardly know from the product description up there that we be talk about a 4-cell flashlight . -rrb-  the primary job of a flashlight be , not surprisingly , to create light . mag get more light out of they flashlight than anybody . maybe it be the bulb , or the reflector . but no flashlight will come close to put out as much light as a mag .  another quality we hope to find in any product be functionality -- do it work every time , or mainly when you do not need it ? I can not recall more than a time or two that a mag fail to come on . I have drop they from height that would have destroy anything less and they still work .  I have a old black aa-size Mini-Mag here that spend about a decade in the cockpit of airplane -- the poorest light place this side of the Black Forest -- so it get a world of use . the place on the end cap for attach a lanyard or hang ring be worn completely through . but the little guy still work like a charm .  the switch on this d-cell model be under live rubber ; it have a solid click on and off . the beam be adjustible to a sharp spot . you 'll probably want to set it there and leave it alone .  i be certain that battery last longer in a mag-lite . the only explanation for this would seem to be that a tiny bit of battery drain occur on some other . before I become 100 % convert to mag I would too often pick up a flashlight that be full of dead battery . I can go for year without change the battery in a mag-lite .  all mag be rugged . the barrel be sturdy aluminum extrusion -- not plastic or stamped metal . both end cap have o ring to keep the case waterproof . and who else would be so thoughtful as to put a extra bulb in the bottom endcap ?  a reviewer below have a legitimate gripe about tubular thing not stay put on anything but a level surface . of course , that have be a complaint for year about pen and all kind of tubular device . this can be cure for the mag-lite with a very small bungee cord . tie several knot in it until it be shorten enough to fit tight around the barrel . the knot will keep the light from roll around .  i like the new hot red Mag-Lites . anybody with any sense at all would know a pretty red flashlight would throw more light than a black one . it just stand to reason .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have carry a 2aa mini-mag for over 12 year . for the price , its a good light . BUT , with lead technology become common , this light be become outdate . on the positive side , the mag 2aa be a well build and reliable device . however , the beam quality be very poor . its not that bright to start out with , but worst yet it lose brightness very quickly and turn brown as the battery decrease . the beam be full of hole , ring , and blemish no matter how much it be focus -lrb- adjust -rrb- .  have say that , one can buy a lead conversion unit from Opalec and install it on a new mini-mag . the Opalec conversion unit provide steady brigtness for 10 hour and turn a mini-mag into a state-of-the-art compact flashlight . I have a Opalec unit on my Mini-Mag , and I no longer use the standard mag bulb -- the standard mag bulb be junk in my opinion  even with that say , there be much better compact flashlight available . the Pelican m6 led be shorter in length than a mini-mag , and yet be so much brighter with a superior beam -lrb- pure white beam that stay white as the battery be depleate -rrb- .  if price be you sole concern , the Minimag will get the job do , but at a mediocre performance level -lrb- compare to more modern design -rrb- . the Minimag be a reliable and well build light , despite its inferior optics . for the price , its good enough to give a moderate recommendation . if Maglite upgrade they design and offer led , I think that will really improve they beam quality .
Flashlight	POS	5	have lose my old standby 3-cell maglite after about twenty year of reliable service , I replace it with a new one without shop around for a newer product . while it be possible that someone may improve on this model , or perhaps have do so , I be confident that this new one will not fail either , and can not ask any more for the price .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be work night shift highway patrol work for go on 19 year . I be still use the same rechargeable mag Lite that I be issue in 1990 -lrb- the same model as list here -rrb- . I have wear out half a dozen squad car , and receive a new mounting\/charger bracket with each new car , but always keep the same flashlight . I have have to replace the little rubber button over the switch a couple of time as my thumb wear through it finally . but the light be the same one I be originally issue . it be very , very bright and completely reliable . it have be drop -lrb- if you drop it switch on , it will probably knock the bulb dead -rrb- , submerge , chill to 17 below and 150 above , and switch on\/off literally ten of thousand of time . it be have a few high speed ride outside lay on the air intake below my windshield wiper . I have knock out car window with it , have use it as a impact weapon , and have even use the butt end for a hammer . I have work numerous squad car crash , and have never see a instance of a maglite that have jump out of its mount bracket due to a crash . there be room in the endcap to keep a spare bulb tuck in a piece of foam or napkin . the bulb last a long time and be easily replace . the battery stick last a long time -lrb- about 2 hour on a charge -rrb- and it be as easy to replace as change any flashlight battery . if you use the light for public safety work -lrb- police , fire , EMS , security -rrb- , and keep it in you in-car mount\/charger bracket , you will likely never see it go dim ... until it reach end of life , which be every couple of year with heavy use . it be big enough to use for self-defense , and can easily be carry on a duty belt by slip it though the handcuffs carry there , or you can use a ring make for that purpose , or just slip it inside you beltline behind you back . and -lrb- this be important -rrb- it be big enough to be carry by tuck it under you armpit , thus leave both hand free . you can not do that with small flashlight . it be also big enough not to be easily lose in the grass in the dark , like some of the hi-tech minus flashlight . I like this light so much that about 10 year ago I purchase another one out of pocket and mount the charger on the workbench in my garage . that have turn out as equally successful as my shop flashlight . when you buy this kit , you 'll get one charger\/mounting sleeve that you can mount in either home or car , and they include the proper electrical hardware to power it up by plug into either home or car power source . that be my experience . this thing be a workhorse and I consider it a `` partner '' at work . I highly recommend it .
Flashlight	POS	5	then instruction for this product tell you to mount both clamp for one flashlight . unless you use the flashlight all the time you only need to mount one . I have mount 4 flashlight in stragitic area in the house . we have have two power outage since and my wife love the fact that she know exactly where the flaslight be ! very easy to mount .
Flashlight	POS	5	I carry a aa mini-mag I have a 3-d cell in EACH car and a 2 6-d cell in the HOUSE one upstairs and one by the front door for self defence .
Flashlight	POS	5	I can not say enough about these little light . they be tough so you do not have to worry about they break if they be bump or drop . the lifgt beam be very bright I use it all the time . good product at a good price can not beat that combination .
Flashlight	NEU	3	maglite be very high quality light that be very reliable . however something like a 4d maglite be extremely bulky for the light output that be achieve . the capacity of the d cell just give really long run-time rather than more output . after a hour of use the output have already drop by 50 % . the majority of the run-time be below 50 % . I would much rather have Maglite use a brighter bulb and have less run-time . it do not do much good to have 10hr of run-time if the light have really weak output for 90 % of the runtime . a surefire g2 for $ 36 be about the size of a Minimag yet actually have more output than this 4d maglite . I just can not stomache use a light larger than a 2d maglite . I stuff the mag lead module in one and now I can justify have such a large light . it run at 50 % of its start output for about 20 hr now . with the mag lead module , the 2d be put out the same output as the stock 4d maglite and have more useful battery life . the 4d maglite be obsolete by my standard . way too big for what you get . I really like the c-cell model however because they have the same brightness but be smaller and use the battery more usefully . haul around 4 d-cell for 10hr of useless light be not very useful in my opinion . I only use Maglites to modify and create some awesome light . in stock form they be pretty sad . I have a small Princeton tec that use 4aa battery which be as bright as a 4d maglite and completely blow away a 2d maglite . it only weigh 5oz . as well . maglite would have a much better light if they simply through in a textured reflector for a smoother beam . after use Surefire and Streamlight flashlight I can not get over how terrible the beam be on maglite . one thing I can say be that although maglite be extremely outdated they be very durable and reliable light . I have never have problem with any mag product I have ever own . they be tough and will put up with abuse . they have be pretty well beat out by Streamlight for Law Enforcement use . a small Streamlight Stinger weigh 1\/3 of what a 2d maglite do yet have twice the light output of a 4d maglite .
Flashlight	POS	5	these be very reliable , definitely recommend . and i like the use of aa battery , instead of c 's or other .
Flashlight	POS	4	for the price , its a good buy . Works well in the garage with the revolving head .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I buy this really want to like it , because I have a big set of 18v tool and a collection of battery , and several of the other light that I be happy with . but , it do not really `` carry '' comfortably , to carry it while walk around outside -lrb- I to live in a rural area will no street light -rrb- you have either get to hold it out in front of you -lrb- which be kinda tire on the arm -rrb- or twist the light around to shine straight `` up '' so that it can be hold as a normal flashlight , but then the battery hang off the back keep it way off balance . so , the ergonomics be not great , I would be willing to work around they if the bulb do not blow out at the smallest tumble . and , then they want over $ 9 for a pair -lrb- amazon.com pricing , good luck find they in the store -rrb- . I really wish they make a decent led light to use the 18v battery . I be not go to start buy dewalt tool that use a different battery any time soon , if ever .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have couple of 2-aa , 3-d cell and a 5-d cell maglite for 20 year . they never fail . the only time it fail be when the battery melt and glue everything shut inside . it be impossible to clean it out . I also have a bunch of led flashlight from the old 1 watt to the newer 3 watt lead . the led be much brighter but blue\/white\/cold in color . so , the LED be not dense enough . it will not reach far . the led go about 20-25 foot max and everything be fuzzy . the maglite on the other hand , be warm\/orange in color . it be like a fog light that can go up to 50 foot . it be not as bright as the led but it be much much clear and sharper to see what be at the far end . I use the led mostly for go behind the desk\/under the table kinda work . but for real work like go under the crawl space or go up in the attic , I have get to use the Maglite . the lead just will not cut it . I replace the bulb with the newer xenon light bulb . this light bulb make the Maglite much better . it be brighter and whiter but at the same time be still warm\/orange in color . so , it be still dense enough to see far and sharp . beside use the Maglite as a flashlight , you can also use it to crack and smash anything you want and it will not compliant . 5 star !
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have own at least 5 maglite and especially like the minus mag but with all of the maglite I have have the same problem : suddenly they do not work . when I take the battery out and put new one in , they still do not work . if I change the bulb they still do not work . it seem that they be very touchy about the way they be put back together . they have to have the spring situate just right among other thing . I can not believe that other people do not have the same problem I do . my boyfriend just spend 30 minute cursing , try to replace battery and\/or bulb without any luck . we now have 3 Maglites sit around as piece of art rather than useful illuminating item . help ! what be we do wrong ?
Flashlight	NEU	3	I recently buy a couple of these to put in we card . but I also have a few of the old AA Maglite flashlight around and decide to upgrade they with the TERRALUX LUXEON EXTREME p-4 tle-5ex upgrade kit simply because I like the way they have be customize with the rear on off button and rubber lens hood . well I be a little surprised that when the new aa lead mag 's arrive I notice that they be considerably larger than the old version , and the light produce be ok , but not great when compare to the TERRALUX LUXEON upgrade . the 3 aaa be a much brighter flashlight but be almost the size of a 3 c cell flashlight that I also convert but in this case I use the maglite 3 d\/c cell lead upgrade . this be a huge improvement over the 3 aa flashlight as you might imagine , and much brighter than any standard maglite . but back to this flashlight . I will keep the two lead aa flashlight I have , since they be nice , and the candle option be pretty impressive . but the Terralux Extreme p4 aa tle-5ex be amazingly bright and I love to use the rear button upgrade -lrb- that really make this a great flashlight -rrb- plus the other upgrade I have buy for my old AA Mini Mags . I can not tell you how much more light the tle-5ex upgrade be over a new AA LED Maglite , but it have to be at least 100 time better , no kidding . SO rather than buy a new AA Maglite LED , I would suggest that you just upgrade you current flashlight with the tle-5ex , and I honestly believe you will be much happier go this route . this upgrade retain the focus ability of the minus mag , and cost less than buy one of the new Mini-Mag AA flashlight . on the other hand the new minus mag be a very nice flashlight , and the over all construction be better than the old incandescent mini-mag .
Flashlight	POS	5	I truly belive that this be the best flashlight available . the small size of it make it perfect for task such as install something like you tv or sound equipment , find something you drop behind some furniture , inside you car , at the office . also be very bright and the ` candle ' mode , enable you to be hand free . but its small enough to keep it in you mouth . my brother be a DJ and keep it all night in he mouth so he can see what he be do . great product .
Flashlight	POS	5	can not beat it . I have have one that have be in use for over 20 year . the light be bright . the maglight be make to be use . I purchase this one for another location .
Flashlight	POS	4	few flashlight will grab more attention than a 6d cell maglite . it be 20 '' long and weigh well over 3 lb with battery . as allude in other review , this really gun for the guy instinct . it be exaggerated and give the same feeling as see the volume go to 11 -lrb- a la spinal tap -rrb- . ever since I first see one on display 20 year ago , I have want it -lrb- but have to settle for a Mini-Mag -rrb- . of course , as a Maglite , it live up to they reputation of be virtually indestructable and a good substitute for a baseball bat . however , in light of recent innovation in led technology , it do not have as much practical value . as one would expect with a 6d -lrb- 9 volt -rrb- light , it be one that can signal satellite . when I first see it , it be brighter than anything else , at least operating from standard battery . 20 year later , it still use the same technology , albeit with the availability of the Xenon `` mag-num '' bulb , which add 23 % brightness -lrb- per Maglite 's web site -rrb- . other technology have emerge that make this beast show its age , especially the so-called `` tactical '' light , some of which be smaller than a mini-mag , but brighter than the 6d . do not get I wrong . it be tough as nail and extraordinarily bright . but , the 3d cell maglite with the led upgrade put out a comparable amount of light , while consume only half the battery and be 40 % smaller . as of this writing -lrb- 7\/2007 -rrb- , there be no led upgrade bulb available from Maglite , save the 4d cell version , use with 2 dummy d-cell -lrb- why ? -rrb- third-party vendor have some good one , but they be either dimmer or do not focus . one even cost $ 75 + -lrb- for a $ 25 chassis -rrb- . one company boast its upgrade bulb will yield 140 lumen ; for comparison , the mag claim the 6d cell with the Xenon bulb yield 218 lumen . if Maglite be to put a lead upgrade for this light out on par with the 3d cell led upgrade , it would make this light incredibly bright and I would also give this the full five Stars . Bottom Line : if you must have a gi-normous flashlight that be well-engineered and virtually indestrctable , this be the one for you . I have one and love it , but truthfully , it be more of a novelty that satisfy some primal yearning inside of I . for emergency and everyday use , I have strategically located maglite 3d and min-mag , all lead , around the house . UPDATE : I get this 7\/17\/2007 from mag 's customer service about the 5-6 cell led upgrade : `` we do not plan on make a lead for the 5 or 6 cell light because the volume be too small to justify the tooling cost . led be voltage sensitive and if use in the wrong size light will either reduce the overall life of the lamp or blow it out . you can also purchase a battery spacer \/ dummy battery and use we 4 cell led module , model # sh34dcw6j . ''
Flashlight	POS	5	I have both my 12v and 18v flashlight bulb go out quickly on my m series Milw . flashlight . the review all state that the replacement bulb go out quickly as well . I just recieve these bulb and try they out ; the first 10 minute on a freshly charge battery I smell plastic , and after 1 hour and five minute I find lens too hot to touch -lrb- probably before that time as well -rrb- . I only check it twice as I be also watch a film . I find the reflector to be too hot to touch , and the little paper ring between bulb body and reflector come unglued . bulb spring be hot but not too much . no scorch or melt plastic . incidentally , the beam blind I when I look directly into it . I even bang the flashlight around a bit and do not lose the bulb . this puppy be go back into the van and back to work . I may replace the paper ring with a couple of neophrene washer to isolate the bulb\/reflector , and I will also definately drill a couple of hole in the botton body to facilitate convection out of the side vent hole , cool the back of the reflector . as I be a plumber , I 'll not drill hole in the top for water to get in , of course . this test be with flashlight sit vertically on bottom of battery with lens set to shine horizantally\/90 degree ; usual work position for I . April ... I be back with great news . these bulb work just great , with much use , no heat problem , etc. . I drop my flashlight 5ft from a ladder and it land on its side ; it land hard on concrete and I be concern I have crack the battery casing . no crack , bulb work fine and still do .
Flashlight	POS	5	DeWalt be know for great power tool , and this flashlight be no exception . it be power by the same 12-volt rechargeable battery pack that power other tool in the 12-volt cordless series . the light be extremely bright , and it swivel from straight to angled position . because it be pretty heavy with the battery pack , it sit solidly in position if you set it down . it be not economical to buy just the light if you do not have , or be not plan to buy , other DeWalt 12-volt cordless item , because the battery pack and charger be pricey when buy by themselves . but most of the tool in the series come with a extra battery pack and a charger .
Flashlight	NEG	1	many of you must have notice that various manufacturer of power tool be `` give away '' flashlight with cordless drill , etc. . well , this be how they make money , by charge $ 5 for one flashlight bulb ! what a ripoff . in my experience , these light bulb be cheaply manufacture and blow out in matter of week , not year . I recommend that you search for `` 4-led flashlight '' on Amazon.com and , for a bit more money , buy one of these lead model for which you never have to replace the bulb .
Flashlight	POS	4	buy this product at Sears . have be use this product for 4 month . primary battery use in the product : Duracell Alkaline -lrb- come with -rrb- Enercell Alkaline Energizer rechargeable ni-mah have use up to 12 battery during my use . experience ... durability : have be drop over 100 time on pavement mostly at 4.5 ft , 9ft on a rare occasion . no sign of wear on the the head , and main body after 4 month . Tailcap have the gray paintjob rub off likely due to my have a metal key ring attach . Lighting : primarily use it on the high power setting . -lrb- 70-80 lumen ? -rrb- leave this flashlight on for three day straight as a temporary bedroom light . set to upsidedown candlemode -lrb- minus the head -rrb- ; hang on a screw on the ciel with a keyre use the Enercell Alkalines the minimaglite run nonstop for less three day set on high . however the minimag be program to dimm when there be insufficient power around the 6 or 8th hour . day 1 first 8 hour have really good lighting day 2 sufficient light not too bright . day 3 insufficient light , last few hour blinking till power be fully drain . other use for this light : High 70-80 luman output in candlemode be very sufficient as a camera flash up to 3ft for flash-uncapable camera . my conclusion ... negative : not good as a tactical fast reponse flashlight for extensive daily usage . not the brightest in the 2aa battery category . no tail clicky switch . do not stay in a constant luman output . can not turn off without the head . positive : decent runtime . what it lack in brightness it be high on versatility with various feature high , low , Strobe , SOS , Candlemode . Aircraft Aluminum body can take a beating just not the paint scheme . heatshield keep the outer body from feel too hot . commonly find in retail store in many part of the world . upgrade-able like the krypton-bulb minimag with various 3rd-party accessory in the market . affordable at the $ 20-25 usd range . come with 2aa duracell , and a nylon beltpouch .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be very pleased with my order . ship be fast and the quality of my item be just as nice as advertise . I will be buy again . . be a army family we ONLY WANT the best and this past our test . .
Flashlight	POS	4	the DeWalt dw908 18-volt flashlight accept DeWalt 18V battery , either nicd or lithium ion . if you use DeWalt 18V cordless power tool and have 2 or more DeWalt 18V rechargable battery , then this be a useful flashlight . of course , it work like any rechargable flashlight and its pretty bright as you would expect for a 18v flashlight . the value of it be in help manage battery life of the 18 volt ni-cd battery - you can use the flashlight to fully discharge the battery before recharge , thus get some use out of a battery that might be too weak to run you saw , but that can light up you flashlight for awhile . this help prolong the life of the nicd battery . the flashlight have a swivel head and store a spare bulb . I would give it 5 star if the swivel head could be position in ANY angle up , down or sideways .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight about 18 year ago . I be a police officer and have work many night . the flaslight have be bang around and drop numerous time . it be send back to maglight once after about 5 year of use for a defective switch . maglight fix it for free . I have to buy a new battery stick twice due to the battery lose its ability to charge . the new stick cost about $ 16 . a full charge usually last I a week of do midnight . now that I work day the charge last for month . the only down side be tha it be large and heavy , but I would not replace it for anything else . if you be look for a extremely bright and durable flashlight , this be it . I just want to add that after about 18 year of use the charger cradle stop work . I send it to Maglight and they fix it for free again . now that be the way to stand behind you product . I see alot of people rave about surefire flashlight and put maglight down . well I have be a police Officer in the Bronx for nearly 20 year now and use the same rechargeable maglight . it have be bang around and look it , but it still work like new . I pay about $ 100 18 year ago and now it sell for $ 85 . let see you $ 200 surefire after 18 year -lrb- I do not think so -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	5	like several of the reviewer here , I have difficulty find replacement bulb for my Makita BL185 flashlight . these work perfectly . they be just as bright , or perhaps a bit brighter , than the original . -lrb- it be hard to tell because I have be in the dark for a bit ! -rrb- they be also MUCH cheaper than they counterpart at Home Depot or Lowe 's . I have a prime account ; so I pay no shipping , and they arrive in a day and a half . some reviewer mention heat related problem . my flashlight come with xenon bulb originally and get pretty hot . these be no different . my original bulb last many year , and I expect these will , as well . just be sure to use common handling practice and do not touch the bulb with you finger . if you experience be like mine , you 'll be happy about this choice .
Flashlight	NEG	2	my mag charger flashlight be work well a month ago , but today I try it and it be dead . put it on the ac charger , as usual , but after 8 hour it be hot -lrb- the flashlight body -rrb- so I try the light -lrb- still charge -rrb- , and nothing happen . upon open the tailcap , white powder dump out , and the inside be totally corroded . thankfully it do not start a fire or explode . the flashlight be useless now . this be my second battery I have have but it leak badly . ps - I always charge it for at least 12 hour , and this battery be obtain directly from mag instrument .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own one of these for almost 10 year now . it be the best flashlight I ever purchase . I buy it when I be in college and work as a student Auxiliary for the college Police Department . my flashlight have suffer a great deal more then most flashlight can handle . it be be drop , run over , use as a hammer , use to pound in tent stake , constantly take on road trip , I can not even remember all of the thing I have do to it . all I can tell you be it still work .  to keep it work well you should occasionally apply a small amount of Vaseline to the thread to keep the thread and o-ring lubricate . if you do this it should last you a long time .
Flashlight	POS	5	two word : bad ass ! this lead mini-mag be the best flashlight I have ever own . it be durable , elegant , powerful , and the led light use less energy than halogen bulb , mean longer battery life . Enough say . stop think about buy this and buy it . you will not be disappoint . additional note : if you live near a Costco you can probably find this bundle with the big LED Mag Light for under $ 30 -lrb- and it come with battery -rrb- . that be where I buy mine about 2 year ago . the larger d cell lead maglight be excellent as well , and it double as a baton for self defense !
Flashlight	POS	5	I finally have to buy another 4d maglite and figure I would put up a review . I be give one of these as a gift 26 year ago and it finally fail -- but it be not the light itself it be the battery . somehow the battery expand in the tube and they would not come out . I do not see any corrosion , though . the light function , but it be a bit dim so I be just put in a fresh set . I do not get the complaint about brightness I read here . Mine be plenty bright enough for everything I ever need it for and in fact I find it amusing to turn one of these on around most other flashlight because it literally would make it look they the other one be not even on . very bright white light . also do not get the need for led over this type of bulb . nothing against LED light but the three thing great about LED light be the battery life be longer -lrb- because of less power consumption -rrb- , they be brighter -lrb- usually -rrb- , and the led be suppose to last essentially forever . well , I never have a problem with battery life , brightness or bulb life . I never even use the spare bulb in 26 year . some highlight : \* Battery life be unbelievable -- a set will easily last 2 or more year -lrb- depend on use of course -rrb- . other flashlight I have have must drain the battery even when off because I have never see such long battery time from other light . in 26 year I never pick this up and find a dead light even after month and month of non-use . I only replace the battery when I be unhappy with the light output . \* the spare bulb be nice , but I never have to use it since the original one last 26 year . \* the adjustable beam be very nice -- flood light mode or focus mode with continuous adjustment by turn the head . \* very durable -- water resistant , mud resistant , sand resistant ; great build quality . I have it in water , mud , and sand over the year with no problem . also drop it a couple of time onto cement and asphalt and no problem -lrb- enough impact to dent the metal -rrb- \* comfortable -- with the 4d size you can rest the handle on you shoulder which make it very easy to hold -lrb- when look under the hood of a car for example -rrb- . the 3d can not do this because it be just too short . \* Distance -- be always impress by the distance this thing illuminate . the box on the new one say 256 meter and I believe it . \* value -- still can get these for under 20 at you local box store or on Amazon . \* defense -- sound funny , but this thing could certainly double as a impromptu weapon . when you hold it with the handle rest on you shoulder you have excellent light , plus it be in the `` swing '' position . not only that but you can be sure that if you have to use it as a weapon that it would not break at all .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have use Maglites various flashlight for many different job . from use it on the job in law enforcement to make sure there be always one handy at home or in the car . they be rugged and durable and take a beating .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a great addition to the maglight flashlight , you can mount it in you car & always have you flashlight handy . the overall construction quality be good but will break if not use with some degree of care . I have have -lrb- 1 -rrb- clip break out of 4 pair in three year . I highly recommend these mount clip for convenience & just wish they be make a little bit more heavy duty .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have five mag light and keep one in each of my automobile . I have own other type but they never seem to last so you get what you pay for . I also own one of the mag-lite flashlight that you recharge and while it be kinda high in price I love this one and it be so bright you wouldnt believe it . so you can see that I be a true believer in the mag-lite and if you be interested in the rechargeable the cost be around $ 110.00 and they be usually sell at place that sell law enforcement supplies . one more thing and that be they be make in the USA !!
Flashlight	NEG	2	I buy this think it be one of the nice law enforcement grade holster . I be wrong . this be a cheap make in china piece . the leather be not high quality at all , the ring be make of HOLLOW plastic not metal ! the snap be also make of plastic . I give it two star because one , I know it will break soon , two , it be not what I want , and three it be not maglite quality . I have 7 maglite , all of which I have buy from the maglite dealer on amazon . I have never be unsatisfied by the dealer here , or the maglite brand . I be suprised .
Flashlight	NEG	1	these light be old technology , and run inefficientyly . there be light out there 1\/4th the size and throw out 50 time more light .
Flashlight	POS	4	there be not much i can say about a maglite that hasnt already be say its solid , durable , with excellent finish -lrb- the silver in my book be worth the lil extra that be my personal -rrb- . I purchase a lead replacement ` bulb ' that alone say I plan to have this for life .
Flashlight	POS	5	my parent give I one of these -lrb- stamp with the Boeing logo-must have be a freebie -rrb- when I move out . not so much for the giant amount of light it emit make it good for roll black-out . rather , they give I one so that I might be able to quickly subdue any intruder . zombie , rapist , thug , and thief , beware ! the heavy over a foot long weapon would stop anything in it be track . thankfully I have not have to use it as a deadly weapon . it be serve I well through many a blackout , and I imagine would make I a freeze-tag champion if my neighbor be more fun .
Flashlight	POS	5	hold d-cell size maglite very securely . two be in the package but I olny use one clip on a wall and mount it vertically . you might need both in a vehicle though .
Flashlight	POS	5	I truly would not get the mag lite with out this accessory . it come in handy when you want to mount you maglite to a wall . this help you to keep it with in reach
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have go through two of these flashlight . they be horrible . they work great when they work , and the light be bright but after the first time I use it it get dim and now when I turn it on it flicker and go off . a much better flashlight that I own be the Illuminator Flashlight . it be a hand crank flashlight . it be also less than this flashlight on Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	5	once you use this light you will never go back . I have be use the Mag Charger Lite for a little over 1 year and I have never see a brighter lite . it be performance have be wonderful charge after charge .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be slightly heavy but team with the Maglight belt loop , make a excellent security accessory . I recently use it in we farm paddock to identify a Dingo and disposed of it , as it be threaten livestock .
Flashlight	POS	4	hey , it be a maglite ! not much more can be say about this high quality flashlight . solidly build and have adjustable beam .
Flashlight	NEG	1	do I have instruction to make it work ? as of now new battery be useless for the MAGLITE S2C016 2-c !
Flashlight	POS	5	okay , the `` battery '' be cheeper but there be that $ 8 shipping you need to consider . Amazon have the free shipping option . oh yeah , great battery . Super great flaslight system !
Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite heavy-duty 6-d cell flashlight be seriously massive and can serve double duty as a impose defensive weapon . I give this to my father a few year back because he be live alone in the county and in a area prone to power-outage . he be also a very big man and make a quite a impression when hold this in a threatening manner , so we figure it would dissuade any casual intruder . the quality of this light be outstanding , with a heavy metal body that be make even heavier when you add the 6-d cell battery . the beam be powerful and adjust from tight beam range to floodlight by twist the top , which make this very versatile . highly recommend ! CFH
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this light mostly for work use , but I use it at home too . it have typical Maglite quality and a very useful holster . some of the reviewer do not like the fact that the holster have no velcro cover . I like this . the light slide in snugly and have easy access when I need it . the biggest plus be the fantastic beam . I have have some of the multus bulb light that other make , but this one be the best I have use . - tough - powerful - portable - Perfect
Flashlight	POS	5	I order the maglight with holster for aa friend and like it so much I just order one for myself . Robert Amos
Flashlight	POS	5	I own two , and buy one for a relative . I use for build electronics and computer , and when DJ ` ing in club that be pitch dark , so I can sift through vinyl , etc. . very cool light .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be exactly what I be look for to hold my 2 d cell mag lite hook on a standard belt or a duty belt !!
Flashlight	POS	5	I have use this flashlight for about one year and it have become alost the only flashlight I use . in Cabinets it illuminate the entire space , no fumble to re-aim or balance or juggle . in crawl space you can set it up and work in a wide area without have to fool with the light , like a portable flood light . this and my led headlight be all I need anymore . great tool , and no worry about have fresh battery !
Flashlight	POS	5	bright enough to light half the house in a power outage or illuminate object handily at 50-100 foot . durable as a pilar . with six `` d '' size battery , it be heavy . but I have never see anything better in a torch !
Flashlight	POS	5	we have own a few cheap-o led minus flashlight , but think it would be smart to have a higher quality item with we camping tool , so I purchase this one . this mini maglite led be perfect ! it out-shine we other 3 lead light , have a focus option for the beam -lrb- very helpful ! -rrb- , a all-metal housing , and the quality feel you get with all maglite product . I be so please with this light , I be order a couple more to replace the one we keep in we glovebox .
Flashlight	POS	4	awesome flashlight . Works well ... we even buy more for ourselves and as gift .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own a dozen of these small lite over time and they be great as hunting light to get to the tree stand as well as go from the garage to the house late at night . awesome power from such a small light .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have drop my Maglite onto hard floor , submerge it in water , and subject it to the abuse of a tornadic four year old . the all metal -lrb- not plastic ! -rrb- case be nearly indestructible . both end be thread and be fit with snug o-ring to protect the innards from rain , humidity , and submersion . the lens housing twist to adjust the focus of the beam and come off to allow it to be use as a candle -lrb- handy for night in a tent or during a power outage -rrb- . in addition , a extra bulb reside in the base !
Flashlight	POS	4	I keep my maglite clip to the door of my truck . with two clip , the light would sometimes bounce out , if I close the door hard . I buy a second set of the clip , and add a third clip to hold my 5 cell in place . it have not come out unintentionally since add the third clip . when I grab it in a hurry , it still come out with a solid tug . it be nice to have the maglight where it can be reach in a hurry .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be my favorite flashlight because it be light , compact , very durable , and fit my application . it do have its drawback though -lrb- which I see as a positive -rrb- : 1 . it have a traditional incandescent bulb , NOT lead -lrb- which I prefer since the light be yellowish-white instead of the harsh white of a lead -rrb- 2 . because it do not use a led bulb , the battery drain very quickly -lrb- I notice the light come out of it get considerably dim after about a hour of use , but it be still work . I have rechargeable battery so this be not a big deal . -rrb- 3 . it do NOT produce a lot of light -lrb- it be great for application where you do not need or want too much light -rrb- overall , it be a good flashlight -lrb- and you can put it on you key-chain -rrb- , but it do have its drawback and be not for application which require a lot of light or long battery life .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight be another of my past favorite that get a lot of use . now a day , there be a lot go on with the technology of flashlight . LED , Lithium battery , focus bezel , etc. . the maglight brand have fall behind a bit technologically , but be still a great flashlight for minor emergency not involve look for criminal , terrorist or signalling for a chopper pick up . the Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight be perfect for a tool box but a bit too big for a deep pocket . the product be very durable and they be prove reliable . do not get I wrong . I have depend on mag lite of all size for year . but head to head , the surefire brand have quickly surpass mag lite in every important aspect of flashlight - usable light power , size , durability and weight . the mag light brand just be not keep up with the new technology . and that be too bad for we who value product loyalty . the Mag Instrument S3D016 Black Heavy Duty 3 D-Cell Flashlight be still a good value and I have several in the house and the vehicle . but they be be replace by surefire as they wear out . John Row
Flashlight	POS	4	I buy this for my 18V B&D; flashlight . it fit a little looser than the orginal and I be a little worried that it would not work , but it work just fine . I have not use it long enough to comment on bulb life .
Flashlight	POS	5	gift for my Marine son that just deploy to Afghanistan . he love it and it work great . this be to clip to he gear bag so he always have a light nearby to look for he stuff .
Flashlight	NEG	1	say it be a lead in spec . it be a xenon bulb . not happy about this . I specifically order it because it be lead . I already open it which you can not do without wreck the packaging so I be out of luck .
Flashlight	POS	5	for a small flashlight that use aa 's , this thing be bright . I also like that additional and useful accessory that you can purchase separately .
Flashlight	NEG	1	these be cool once , but by today 's standard the light output be very poor . my surefire and Arc flashlight be much brighter , more robust and a fraction of the size .
Flashlight	POS	4	install bracket on a flat piece of board and mount it on the wall behind a hall door . flashlight snap into place very secure . I would not want to get too aggressive when snap flashlight on because bracket be heavy plastic but still could break . with proper care this mount system should last perhaps a lifetime .
Flashlight	POS	5	I know that led be now all the rage . but the light emit just be not the same . mag light may not be at the peak of technology , but they work great , be heavy duty and reliable . would it surprise you to know that I do not own a smart phone ? -lrb- I do not even know what one be !! -rrb- this mag light be the perfect size for the glove box or anywhere that a smaller size be desire . my fantasy be to own a 5 d cell model . Whoooooo !!
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several of these Mini MagLites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . I have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- I do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do I own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... I keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , I keep a regular Mag-Lite in the trunk , too . I keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . I keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . I keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . I learn my lesson in the 1994 Northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for AA Mini MagLite , 2-pack
Flashlight	POS	5	this review come after own this product for well over two year , of which I use this product on a nightly basis that I put a lead upgrade in . I would use this product outdoors in all type of weather rain , snow , etc when I be walking\/letting a cat we adopt out to roam on we approximate 3 acre yard that be subject to have coyote , fox and deer stop by and hang out and have a snack -lrb- in the summer it be the garden -rrb- . I would be outside from approximately 8:00 pm until sometimes 1-2 in the be , I would turn on the light atleast 20-50 time a night -lrb- yes , I guess you can say I be afraid of the dark , not so much the 4 legged animal mostly the 2 legged one -rrb- and with the lead the light be good especially with 2 c cell . I would use Lithium rechargeable battery which be decent and this light be more than adequate for my need BUT upgrade to the 3 c cell -lrb- I also have small hand -rrb- incase kitty get into a scrape with another animal . when I be in law enforcement , I use the bigger light , but the smaller one be no exception , it have be drop so many time and work -lrb- only problem if they be one would be the bulb -rrb- . what I really like about this light be the switch , ITS EASY but after all the abuse the light have be through the switch be get a little shakey but work . I would recommend this light to anyone its a winner base on my testing . I have atleast 4 of the maglite , a 4 c cell -lrb- my work light -rrb- , a 3 cell light my all purpose light and 2 two c cell light -lrb- my lazy light when outside , fit better in the pocket make it easier when hold a beverage -rrb- . if you decide to get this light get the led upgrade which cost approximately 15-20 dollar you wont regret it .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you already own a Dewalt drill or any Dewalt tool and already have the battery this light be for you . buy it for my husband and he love it .
Flashlight	POS	5	brighter than I expect . hold a charge well . sturdy construction . I buy this one after use one that a mechanic friend have be use for he work . the original rechargeable battery in he maglite last for over ten year , despite heavy use . previously , it seem whenever I need the flashlight the battery be either weak or dead . it be nice to know this one be always charge and ready to shine .
Flashlight	POS	5	buy as a Christmas gift for my nephew so I can not attest to the performance , but I do not expect any problem . good look product . I think he 'll really like the holster .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be simply the best flash light I have ever use . really like the light focus feature and solid feel .
Flashlight	POS	4	I have have two Mini Maglite LED 's now , the first be package as a 3 watt , but no explanation of lumen . it have only two mode , on and off . I think it be a great light , but after about a year of daily use , I start have problem with the switch sticking . I spray a small amount of wd40 into the barrel to loosen the switch . it work , and I use it for several more month trouble free , until it start stick again . I repeat the wd40 trick , and the switch again start work , but this time , the light output turn blue . it look like there be some kind of a clear cap over the led that come off , apparently loosen by the wd40 . I be unable to reattach it , so I retire that light as useless , and purchase a new one . the new light have the additional mode , and say nothing about 3 watt , but it be every bit as bright as the original . I add the petroleum jelly around the thread , and it work great for a few week . then I start have trouble with the switch . I think the petroleum jelly would have take care of that , but it do not . I finally dip a q-tip in wd40 , and very carefully apply a very small amount around the switch . so far so good . I buy one for my wife , she light exhibit the same problem . it be always with the switch .
Flashlight	POS	4	the Mini Maglite be a true american classic . however , with advancement in technology such as led and also the end cap switch , it be hard to justify . 1 . the Mini Maglite require use of two hand or one hand and you chin\/mouth to operate . in a emergency , this may not be possible . other flashlight now have end cap switch -lrb- push button at the end of the flashlight -rrb- . unless you need Mini Mag 's candle feature , the end cap switch be much easier to operate . 2 . Incandescent\/Xenon\/Krypton be out . lead be in . lead be much brighter , the `` bulb '' almost never burn out , and the battery last longer . whatever you choose , go with a lead flashlight . if you do not need the candle feature , get this streamlight jr lead instead because it be brighter that the Mini mag and have a end cap switch :  streamlight 71500 jr c4 lead flashlight , black
Flashlight	POS	5	not much too say , but I can even see who be fly up in the sky at night . very good flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have recently take up the sport of extreme hunting , where I forgo traditional weapon and instead equip myself with nothing more than my wit and a club . because I typically stalk my prey at night , I decide to give the s6d106 a try . I have find , however , that the product 's primary quality -lrb- size and mass -rrb- make it more suitable as a hunting implement than a flashlight . I have down many deer and other game by simply bash they head in with this tool . the s6d016 also serve as a acceptable anti-bear device . I be once attack by a female grizzly bear during one of my hunting trip . instead of run or scream as be usually suggest , I counter the bear 's charge with my own maglite assault . the sturdy construction of the s6d016 be prove when I use the flashlight to parry the bear 's swipe . I be alive today because of this flashlight . finally , the beam generate by the s6d016 be powerful and clear . it be a pretty good flashlight . but , that have not be the focus of my use of the product in a long time .
Flashlight	NEU	3	my wife and I have use minus Maglites for year , and in general we like they . but today she want to replace a battery , and the battery be stick , it just refuse to budge , and there be no easy way to get it out . you can not push it out from the lamp end . the Maglite company will fix or replace it if you pay the postage to ship it to they . try to bang the battery loose do not work -- it only give I a sore shoulder .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I 'll admit , I love lead flashlight - the pure , white light , the extended battery life , the look on the face of my friend when they point the flashlight into they eye upon examination ... so when I read that mag have release a lead flashlight , I immediately go in pursuit of one , and I be find it to be a mixed bag . from a build quality standpoint , mag still make a solid product . the barrel and head be make from aluminum , rubber washer be use for a water resistant seal , and they can take be drop off a workbench . one thing I be wonder why they leave out , however , be a hook for a lanyard - the bottom cap of this flashlight be flat . one of the main thing the mag have go for it over other lead flashlight design however be that the beam can be focus - and this be due to the deeper reflector design and the shape of the led . focus the beam do increase its intensity - a bit , but nothing like the old incandescent mag lite - I find myself use it about halfway between just on and fully focus , as it prove the most practical . now though , for the disappointing part : I own a 1-watt luxeon-based led flashlight -lrb- that cost approximately the same as the mag -rrb- , and a 5-watt led flashlight from SureFire -lrb- which cost ... considerably more -rrb- . the Luxeon LED put out approximately 20 lumen , and the SureFire put out a blind 100 lumen , so at 3-watt , it would be safe to assume that this mag Lite would be about halfway between the two , right ? wrong . the beam be about the same intensity as the 1-watt luxeon -lrb- which be pretty bright by itself -rrb- ; ever so slightly brighter when completely focus , but then the luxeon spread its light more smoothly than the mag . the mag have slightly longer full-output battery life due to the fact that it use aa battery instead of AAA 's , but if you already have a good luxeon or other high-output led flashlight , I would certainly say try to get a demo of one of these before you buy one . do not get I wrong , it be definately a cut above the $ 10 one you see in the wait line at shopping center , but I be wonder if mag get into the lead market now be too little , too late ?
Flashlight	POS	5	if you frequently use a flashlight for work or at home , and want something with maximum brightness and minimal hassle , this one 's for you .  just make sure to get extra bulb ! the flashlight will survive repeat drop , but the bulb will not , and they be hard to come by in regular retail store . so , order they before you need they .
Flashlight	POS	5	the mini maglite be the perfect size for a purse , briefcase or tote bag . the adjustable beam allow for illuminate large or very small space . this versatile item be standard issue for all of we employee .
Flashlight	POS	5	I love this mini maglite . I be think of the lead version but decide to get this one instead . you probably can not go wrong with either of the two but I like the standard bulb . plus I have a great set of rechargeable aa battery so I be not too worried about its battery use . its just large enough to have a good feel to it but not so big that it can not be easily carry in a pocket or on a belt . my father a auto mechanic and this be he favorite small flashlight for he job .
Flashlight	POS	4	the product arrive very quickly and so far be very useful . though the mount be plastic they be very heavy duty .
Flashlight	NEG	1	this light work as advertise for a few day . a spare bulb , keep in the base , be improperly store , force too much pressure on the bottom of the battery , which eventually flatten the spring contact at the top of the battery . the result : once the bulb be properly stow , there be little or no contact between the battery & the spring contact at they top end . this be essentially the end of the light . this happen just after the expiration of the return period . I would not recommend this product .
Flashlight	POS	5	my lead flashlight need be simple , to I anyway : common aa battery power , substantially brighter than a ordinary small flashlight , fairly inexpensive and make in USA . the AA Mini Maglite be my all time favorite and I do not want to give it up for a overprice `` CSI '' bright competitor . the Maglite AA lead finally make it to South Dakota and I be quite happy with it . I like the focused beam and the same head twist switch as the regular Mini mag . I would put this flashlight 's brightness halfway between the old Mini mag and the overpriced led flashlight , but I do not need to burn ant or blind myself in the dark . this flashlight be more than capable of get the job do .
Flashlight	POS	5	this little mag blow I away !!! the light its so intense you can not look at it directly ! do not hesitate . . this be the Led flashlight to buy ! .
Flashlight	POS	5	I recently buy one of the 3 c cell mag-lite and I love it . it feel great in you hand , and have a light beam that be much better than my 2 d incandescent cell maglite , and almost as bright as my 3 d incandescent mag . I recently buy a 3 c\/d lead maglite upgrade , and really love it . it now produce about the same beam of light as my 3 d cell lead maglite , and be brighter than my 2 d cell lead mag . I love the way this flashlight feel in my hand . it be much lighter and be easier to carry than any of my d cell flashlight , and as I have say with the lead upgrade the beam of light be outstanding . I guess Maglite decide not to make a 3 c cell lead flashlight because it would take away from the two d and 3 d cell lead maglite , but I sure wish they have . because this and the 2 c cell flashlight with the led upgrade be simply outstanding , and much easier to carry and stow . but even without the led upgrade this be a great flashlight that really surprise I on it be weight , size , and with the very bright light that it produce . in fact it be almost as bright as a 3 d cell incandescent maglite flashlight , and brighter than the 2 d with or without the led upgrade , and as I mention this flashlight have a outstanding weight and circumference make it easy to carry while hike or any other circumstance where you might need to carry a flashlight at night for awhile , or to keep it in you car or truck . again my wife love hers , and I just buy one for myself and now we have the led upgrade for both , and believe they 'll last forever , besides produce a blinding amount of light with or without the led upgrade . but I would highly recommend upgrade this flashlight with the mag lead upgrade kit . the battery will last at least twice as long , and the beam be 100 % brighter than the incandescent version .
Flashlight	POS	4	the switch stop work in my Mini Maglite AA . I buy a replacement switch over the internet and fix it , and then I find out that Mag Instruments would have send I a new one free under the lifetime warranty . too bad . the problem be that the light turn on erratically if at all , and do not focus properly . if you open the top , you 'll see that the bulb be stick into a washer-like receptacle which they call the Upper Insulator Receptacle . it be print `` do not remove . '' if you remove it , by prying it up with you thumbnail or a pocket knife , you 'll see the switch assembly underneath , with a triangular-shaped sheet metal slide contact . remember how the slide contact go , because it be likely to fall out . if you remove the battery , you can take out the lower insulator too . that slide contact be what fail on I . instead of be flat , the radial arm be bent . I think that if I have flatten it out with needle-nosed pliers , that would have fix it , at least for a while . anyway , the `` switch Repair kit '' come with the most idiot-proof detailed illustrated step-by-step instruction that I have ever see for any piece of equipment . they even give you a plastic `` tool '' to insert and remove the switch , if you be the kind of person who have trouble tap a flashlight onto a table without lose part , or you do not have a pencil lie around the house .
Flashlight	NEU	3	warning : the review for this item be mixed between a few different item . some be lead bulb , some be krypton bulb . Below be my comparison of the two , and some other option available , but look carefully . Amazon , shame on you for mix two very different product on the same page , you be set yourself up for some unhappy customer . original review ... when I think it be the krypton bulb version ... . for a while , I have a few of these wonderful little light . in the day -lrb- the 90 's that be -rrb- they be ok for the size . sadly today they be vastly outclass by about anything with a decent led light in it . the 2xaa and 3xaa minus lead Maglites be my favorite flashlight , stylish , bright enough for general use , battery life be great , especially when you compare it to these older unit with the regular old krypton bulb in they , the LED one be worth the extra $ 10 . for $ 25 you can do better too . search out Nebo Redline and for $ 25 you can get 2x-3x the power in a similar pocket-able size , minus the belt holster . lead light be everywhere now , and sadly even the lead mini-maglite be a little behind the time . fwiw , the head and body of these be not the same as the lead version light , even the tail cap be different I think , so you can not use you old mini-maglite for part , but if you have a old one and want to perk it up , look up the Teralux lead conversion bulb , you 'll get about the same light from it as the Maglite version , but for the cost of the upgrade .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own this flashlight for over 20 year . it be the most dependable light ever . it be give to my dad from the police chief of we city . I now live in he house and it hang on the wall next to the door always charge and ready . if there be ever a blackout , you know right where it be and you know it be ready . we all reach for it several time a day . I just buy a new one to put at my other door . it be dependable and sturdy and can be use as a weapon if need . best light I have ever own . you will wonder how you ever get along without it .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be a AMAZING FLASHLIGHT for the size . it have the lite intensity of a ordinary twin d-cell fashlight and will LAST EVEN LONGER . the ABILITY to adjust the beam be fantastic and it be SMALL SIZE mean I can carry it with me constantly . high quality and value for the buck be it be BEST POINTS .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have 4 of they . they constantly have problem . bulb be easily shatter . the proprietary bulb be expensive . the rubber protector fall of of one . if a battery leak you can just trow the flashlight away , the inside be so tight the battery get stick forever . they guarantee be basically useless as they 'll blame the battery manufacturer . the aluminum machining make get the bottom on and off difficult , easily cross thread . my one star review be because they do not deserve they reputation . it be a good flashlight but they have not do anything for year to improve all the problem . do not expect they to last longer than other quality flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	it be small but give the light of a full size light . can put in purse and pocket . it have a little hole to allow it to be attach to a key ring , etc. . small enough for child to hold .
Flashlight	NEG	2	this flashlight have very average brightness . the beam that it produce be very uneven . battery life be average . basically , it be the Chevy Caviler of flashlight . if you be interested in top performance , check out flashlight from Fenix , Streamlight or Surefire . they will cost more , but there be a night and day difference . a similarly size flashlight that produce 10x the brightness with a very smooth and even light be the surefire g2 .
Flashlight	POS	5	after have several other led flashlight all I can say be this one take the prize , and be the best I have find . it have all the battery and light life that you would expect from this technology with the build and focus-ability you would expect from mag . most other led flashlight be only good for close range situation , while this one do both close range and long range thanks to mag 's twist focus capability . so get this one , even if it be a couple of buck more . it be also nice that it be make in the USA .
Flashlight	POS	5	my husband , be at wit end in try to track down bulb for he craftsman work light . Sears do not have they in stock , so I suggest go on line to Amazon . I find the bulb he need and they be much better than the one sell by Sears . he be very pleased with the DEWALT bulb and the quick service from Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	5	Works great , very bright light , lead not bulb so should last a long time . good lens and best of all have 4 position switch for flash light . flash SOS or pulse . would buy again . fast delivery . good price .
Flashlight	POS	4	it be a maglite . that name still mean something for I . I except a solid flashlite that be brite . that be exactly what I get . I do feel my older 2 cell maglite be as bright all while take up less battery and space but this be still a great high quality flashlight . please be aware of how big a 4 d cell flashlight be . I feel safer hold it walk along while camping because it can almost be use a `` police baton '' type device or bat . hopefully that be never need .
Flashlight	POS	5	this light be awesome ! with 40,000 candlewatt power it will light up you entire room in you house when the power go out-which we here in Raleigh have experience a lot in the past few year . with 1000 recharge possible it pay for itself over and over . ca not go wrong with this one !
Flashlight	POS	4	buy these a while back and get the two-pack for about 8 buck . I have both a DeWalt 18v and a Ryobi 18v flashlight . both take the same bulb , and these DeWalt xenon bulb be bright and hold up pretty well to shock and vibration -lrb- I have drop both light more than once and the bulb -- as well as both of the flashlight -- can take a reasonably good beating -rrb- . but recently I have find the same bulb -lrb- look like same manufacturer , too -rrb- brand under the Craftsman name at both Sears and OSH -lrb- for those of you in California -rrb- sell for $ 1.49 each . lot easier to find one there when you need it in a hurry .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be happy with this flashlight it be bright solid craftsmanship and sense it be a lead I be think the batter will last for a long time to
Flashlight	POS	5	these mount keep a Maglite secure even when mount on a bulldozer . they be well worth the money if you need to mount a maglite . I would purchase these again in the future . very easy to use and mount . very pleased .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have one of these flashlight for myself until someone that be live in my house steal it from I so I guess you can say they be very well like if someone steal it . Merry Christmas & happy new year to all !!!
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have this system since 1991 and my flashlight stop work , so I check and order this one and now both maglight that work flawlessly . the charger on my 1st one finally go south only take 14 year . if you want dependability and longevity do not think about it , just buy it !
Flashlight	POS	5	it be great have a flashlight of this quality and make in the usa that you know will be there and work when you need it .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a gift for my husband and 3 son . it be a great buy and very durable .
Flashlight	POS	5	there be two kind of flashlight : the run-o-the-mill commodity number and the mag light . mag be the `` snap on '' tool of the flashlight world ; build without compromise to become a sort of work art . they resemble a good quality camera or telescope in they construction .  the four d-cell mag be the Caddy of they all . these be incredibly bright -lrb- you 'll regret look into the business end of one -rrb- . four d-cell capacity translate into very long service on a change of battery . and if you ever find yourself in a dark alley -lrb- which will not be that dark if you lug this sucker in with you -rrb- , the sheer size of this flashlight will be a comfort - it be like a nightstick in length and heft . like all the larger mag , they can store a extra bulb in the cap -lrb- include -rrb- so you be never catch unprepared .  if you be the sort that be always lose flashlight , spring for a mag - you 'll like it so much that you 'll surely keep track of it .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I have have several of these for many year . good for find a keyhole . have now discover the 3 aa lead mag . major improvement , a REAL light up the night instrument ! for twice the cost , it be 5 time the light . pass on the 2 aa , move up to the 3 aa lead !
Flashlight	NEU	3	the main flaw with this light would have be trivial in the recent past . compare to other way of provide light , even DeWalt way , this be not a effective solution . I buy this to have a work light that also use the 18v power pack from my various DeWalt 18v tool . so far so good . but it really burn some power , it get quite warm and the light do not last as long and be not as bright as you would hope . I also have the DeWalt dc527 fluorescent light , it provide a much better work light , last longer and be easier to use to get light on you work . by comparison to the dc527 this be a uneven and yellowish light . this be more compact than the dc527 though , and it provide better range , fluorescent provide more white light , but only at limited range .
Flashlight	POS	5	buy this light along with they fluorescent lamp -lrb- which die after 2 month -rrb- . this light work as expect . very happy with it .
Flashlight	POS	5	handy clip to mount a d size mag-light . I use they in the side saddle of my truck and it keep the flashlight handy !
Flashlight	POS	5	it be just a flashlight , no big deal , but it be PURPLE and it be a maglite . I have four of they in different size , and I have never have one fail .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this maglite to carry around in my messenger bag for ... misc illumination I guess . I be also impress with the sturdy feel of Maglites and these be no exception . waterproof and quite rugged . the bulb be bright and run very well with the two AAA battery . extremely easy to replace bulb and the fact that you can carry a spare bulb in the cap mean there be always one handy in case of emergency .
Flashlight	POS	5	I keep this in my globe box for emergency , additional to my 3 d 's maglite . they be really useful and tough
Flashlight	POS	5	we have own one of these light for about 5 year . nothing be as bright or as useful . this year we buy one for each family member .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not believe they still make this . I have have my aa maglight since 8th grade . I have replace the bulb about 10 time back in the day . as soon as led light come out - I upgrade , and NEVER look back . Modern lead light be way bright , much more durable , and many of they much smaller . Cheapo Fenix single AAA be build better than this , be much smaller , and MUCH BRIGHTER . I just can imagine a single instance when I would recommend this .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have mine for year and it have never let I down . it do not use up battery as fast as other flashlight too . it have a very solid body , so it double as a defensive weapon . I have one in my car and one at home . I also have 2 4d cell lead maglite for time when I need to walk around the neighborhood .
Flashlight	NEG	1	this maglite have its glory for the past many year ; that be before the LED era . let it go and get the lead version . the incandescent lightbulb for this maglite burn out fast , and it be not bright at all compare to the lead version . maglite should have stop manufacture this a long time ago . they be still in production because many folk do not know anything about the newer lead technology that be available today . let this sucker r.i.p.
Flashlight	POS	5	there be smaller and brighter light out there , as some reviewer have note . but there be one application that the 4 cell maglite be good for , and in fact , be make for . by replace the standard bulb that come with the maglite with the 3 watt lead upgrade -lrb- http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b000gl95iq -rrb- you get the ultimate and in almost all case legal weapon for keep in you car for deter and deal with attacker . the super bright 3 watt of power effectively blind attacker and by itself be a effective deterrent . but in addition , the big , heavy , rugged , metal body of the Maglite itself make a great night stick , as cop have know for year . the proper hold be to grasp the light while hold you arm straight down so that the light point to the rear . then raise you arm so the light be above or rest on you shoulder and point ahead of you , keep a finger on the switch to turn it on and off . hold this way you can aim the light easily towards attacker face , and if need , a simple and quick flick of the wrist will crack they with the back of the light . I keep one in in each of my car for my wife and daughter , and give a extra one to my daughter who live alone in the city . she love it for check out thing that go bump in the night . she say it light up the backyard or hallway like daylight . and I have several cop friend who have buy one base upon use mine .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have this flashlight for literally over 25 year and it be go strong . I get it as a boy scout for campout when I be about 15 . it be not buy on Amazon since they do not exist back then ! it have survive many a camping trip and now that I be a dad myself come in handy around the house . always a great accessory to bring with you to check out those `` bump in the night '' - this bad boy double as a formidable club . I remember check out the different size from 3 to 6 cell and the 4 cell have -lrb- for I -rrb- just the right balance between weight and light output . I like it so much I just order a lead upgrade which be no longer manufacture by mag and cost about the same as a new light since it be in demand . financially not the smartest thing I have do but I want to keep this one go . sentimentality and loyalty to a flashlight ? only to a maglite !
Flashlight	POS	5	you can not beat the value and quality of all MagLite flashlight . they just can not be beat !
Flashlight	POS	5	it be just a flashlight , no big deal , but it be PURPLE and it be a maglite . I have four of they in different size , and I have never have one fail . this be not lead so it be not the brightest keychain light out there , but it be probably the most durable and reliable .
Flashlight	POS	4	there be better light out there . of course they cost more money . I have 5 or 6 of these float around between car , night stand , wife night stand etc. . they work great , last a long time , and if something happen to they -lrb- battery leak , run over with tank etc -rrb- you just chuck it and buy a new one .  that say , when you be look for a flashlight that you have to rely on and you do not want to carry 3 or 4 with you , I would look to a lead flashlight . led do not burn out very fast , runtime on battery be WAY longer . my personal favorite be the Inova x5 . 5 led , 20 hour runtime on one set of battery , waterproof , and brighter than a mini mag by far . it just cost 3-4 time as much , which be why I have one of they instead of 4 .
Flashlight	POS	4	this flashlight be like all other mag 's . it have a nice bright bulb that can be adjust to wide angle or focus on a object . come with the battery and a extra bulb . so far I like use it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have these install on the dash of my old suv - stupid I ! Forgot to take they off when I sell the car ! when you drive at night , especially in snowy , blizzard condition , you do not want to be fumble for you 4d maglite when something happen ! my mag flashlight have come in handy so many time I recommend everyone to have one within hand reach `` just in case '' . for this price , you can not go wrong !! see it some store for almost 4x this price !!
Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not believe that maglite be still consider quality light these day .  sure , they be pretty good 10 year or so ago . but what be change ? the Mini Maglites I have own have always have the same problem - bulb which go pop and fail if the light experience any kind of shock - or sometimes for no reason at all . and that dim , yellow , uneven excuse for a beam of light . it would be nice if mag produce a light which you could actually \* rely \* on to work when you need it , rather than this outdated rubbish . I have since find far more reliable , brighter , and generally better light from other maker such as Streamlight . there be lot of light out there which be mile ahead of Maglites in every category .
Flashlight	POS	5	I keep one of these flashlight in both of my vehicle . they provide a lot of light from a fairly small package . buy the `` c '' battery version allow you all of the benefit of a maglight - brightness , durability , etc. but its light weight make it less cumbersome to carry . you will not find a better flashlight that this .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a really great little flashlight . I buy it to keep in a computer repair kit and it be be a great help . not much more I can really say about it - I have always love Mag Lites ; in my experience they work for age without any problem .
Flashlight	POS	5	excellent price on a excellent flashlight , very bright and reliable . I use this light for a security assignment at a camping resort , so when I need light , I need extra bright light and it have to be reliable . I would recommend this maglight to anyone ... ... excellent product .
Flashlight	POS	4	I use this with the electronics system I work on . couple with the starter kit -lrb- mostly the red lens attachment -rrb- it come in highly useful . the multus mode be highly effective and allow the flashlight to be use in multiple different kind of scenario . I do not go much of anywhere without it
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite 's be always great flashlight , and this one be no different . good price , Quality product , nice holster .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be well make , very sturdy , and very durable . it be a much better product than the cheap plastic flashlight you can get for $ 1 a piece that break two week after you buy they . I purchase this mag when it be on sale , and now wish I have buy a few more .
Flashlight	POS	5	I currently own two of these little lifesaver ; one in the car and one at home , and for the size and money I honestly do not think you can find something better . First let 's talk about the size : at only 5 and 3\/4 inch it be perfect for a car glove compartment , center console , or even in the visor if you car have a pouch for sunglass or other article . for at home it be equally convenient : store it in a kitchen drawer , night stand or any other place you can keep something the size of a large tip marker . feature wise the Mini mag have a spare lamp in the tail cap , can change from spot to flood light with a twist , and can operate in candle mode . . mean you simply keep turn the light cover until it come off , and then place it on the other end so it act like a base . this be a great idea , and allow you to keep you hand free if the situation arise . one other thing I want to point out be to correct the person who state you must use two hand to use this light . I have the flash light before I as I be write this , and I can state for a fact that it can easily be turn on or off with one hand . if you have enough strength to adjust the volume on a stereo , you can turn the Mini mag through it be full range of flood to spot and then off . Quality of the Mini mag be also top notch . one reviewer state he break from a two foot fall on carpet . sorry , but I either do not believe that or simply you Mini mag be defective . I have drop the one I keep in my car at least 5 time . . on concrete ! and it still work as well as the first day i buy it . I know friend who have ding and dent on they Mini mag , yet this little light continue to shine . can you find a better flashlight in this size ? I be sure you could . but for 10.00 ? nope . in my opinion nothing else even come close .
Flashlight	POS	5	experience coping with blackout lead I to experiment with lot of battery light -- fluorescent , lead , and conventional incandescent bulb . this 6 d-cell light provide the largest area and brightest illumination . here 's how I use it : I set it vertically so its beam bounce off white ceiling . I also use some handy household object as a base holder to keep it from tip . in the kitchen it provide enough light -lrb- while aim at the white ceiling -rrb- to prepare a simple meal use the gas stove -- and for wash dish afterward . later , in a 20 ' x 30 ' live room , it provide enough light bounce off the ceiling so that everyone could sit , talk , eat dinner , and see everyone else in the room . that be comforting & reassuring ! finally , in the bathroom & bedroom , this very bright light , aim at the white ceiling , provide enough illumination for showering and brushing tooth as well as allow two person to move around a bedroom without bump , stumble , or stub toe .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you want a super heavy duty flashlight that can also be use for self defense then this flashlight be for you !
Flashlight	NEG	1	I purchase this light a week ago from Home Depot for almost $ 25 and it no longer work . do everything Maglite recommend and still no luck . Problem be either the tail cap or the barrel\/switch . light flash intermittently when tighten the tail cap after battery replacement , but once the tail cap be tight , the light no longer work . what a disappointing product from Maglite . I just go to Sports Authority and find a Nite Ize lead upgrade for my old Mini Maglight and that have be work flawlessly . it do not have the same intensity or the beam focus as the mag lead , but at least it work . P.S. I forget to mention the extremely poor battery life . lead light be by theory suppose to last longer than krypton bulb . not so with this light . I be lucky to get 4 hour out of mine . this may have be cause by the problem mention above , but my Nite Ize upgrade have last almost 8 hour now , and no sign of wear down .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have be a fan of maglite product for year . it be the quality of the machine aluminium case . I have be think about upgrade some of my maglite to lead when this aa lead MAGLITE become available . it be slightly longer than the non LED AA MAGLITE . the led be much brighter than the incandescent version and have much whiter light . in fact it be so bright in comparison that I think a 25 % power mode or even variable power would be a good idea . it do not focus as well as the incandescent maglite but it be still much brighter so this be not really a issue . I think this product be extremely good value for the level of light output . I believe a led conversion kit of similar quality would cost about as much . you can drop it and it still work . I have drop mine twice by accident with no ill effect . I think MAGLITE have do a good job with lead technology . the LED AA MAGLITE be a big advance over the incandescent version and easily worth the extra money . there be also a 3xaa version which I be tell be much brighter . I want one to keep in my pocket so I prefer the shorter version . the 3xaa may suite other people better .
Flashlight	POS	5	it have be year since I have have a maglite and be so proud that it be make in the U.S.A. !
Flashlight	POS	5	I retire my maglite 3d a long time ago for my Streamlight . when my life be on the line , I can not afford to have a dim , yellow beam with dark spot . but for those situation where a tactical light be just overkill , this little baby still find it be way into my tool box . I actually still keep several of these around . they have all be modify with terralux tail Cap switch . one with a red lamp in the glove box so that I do not ruin my night vision or have that bright glare in the windshield . another convert with a 140 luman lead that I keep around for peek under the hood . no homeowner should be without a ultraviolet lamp for check he sheet for semen when he return from work . wife lie . forensic do not . with a little imagination , a roll of duct tape , some bail wire , a pack of zip tie , and some double side mount adhesive ; there be no tell what you could do . I can not count the number of time I have use my Mini-Maglite , a swiss Army Knife , a paperclip , and a piece of gum to get I out of a jam .  terralux tle-5uv ministar2 Ultraviolet Replacement Bulb for 2 aa Mini Maglite Flashlight
Flashlight	POS	5	one day i fill up the sink and put my mag instrument 3d cell battery flashlight next to the sink go to use the washroom and when i get back it fall in the sink i take it out and to my surprise it still work
Flashlight	NEU	3	Maglite be a good flashlight for the price . but what I want more be , 1 . smaller & lighter 2 . much more brighter & focus beam 3 . lead instead of halogen\/xenon for longer life . only after see `` wolf-eye pilot whale 1000 luman '' , I realize that led can be so brighter . there be a lead upgrade option available for magcharger by  terralux tle-300mr ministar30mr 600 Lumens LED upgrade for Mag Charger Rechargeble Flashlight  see it in action video -lrb- ... -rrb- also all Magcharger model be have same luman , only difference be the ac\/dc\/europe charger , spend some time search that . also check  Stream light 76811 polystinger d lead flashlight with 120-volt ac , black  top bright led flashlight be also available from these brand -lrb- some of they available in Amazon -rrb- wolf-eye ultrafire eagletec fenix . Hope these help someone try to find a brighter flashlight
Flashlight	POS	5	I think that this be the fourth AA Maglite that I have purchase . the oldest one be still work and date back to 1990 . these be very dependable flashlight !
Flashlight	NEG	1	this look like a nice flashlight until it fall . since then , I can not open the back anymore , so I can not even replace the battery . -lrb- try with really strong pliers , but even that do not work . -rrb- moreover , the lamp break in the fall and I can not access the spare the the same reason . simply have to throw it out . I would rather have high quality plastic . no more maglite for I .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have a couple mag and I think this be one of the best flashlight ever ! it be bright , it be light , and nicly size . a must have for someone who needs\/wants a flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglite have be and no doubt always will be the best flashlight ever make !
Flashlight	POS	4	I have use these light for many year now . as a musician , I find they invaluable backstage to help get cable all hook up in the dark . in fact , I have a blue and red one and I swap the part around . I have since lose one of they and now I have this hybrid red\/blue light : -rrb-  Anyhow , after a while , the thread start to get full of aluminum dust and debris and the o-ring need some lubrication -lrb- I have most recently try some chapstick and it seem to work . I have notice newer light have some kind of oily material on they -rrb- .  I would like to see they offer a lght use 3v lithium cell technology and a brighter bulb with fewer dark spot .
Flashlight	POS	5	come on !!! many people have say that this brand be just ot heavy , and that you should not by it because other brand be lighter . well , unless ur a cop , these light be great ! Perfect for camping and blackout , especailly the mini maglite . I would recommend the 3 cell , its not to heavy , unlike the 4 , 5 and even 6 cell one . also , remember to register yours at Maglite.com
Flashlight	POS	5	mag lite arrive promptly and in perfect condition . the incandescent mag light be a proven product . and while not as bright as some lead light at short range I have find that it provide a longer range beam of useful brightness .
Flashlight	POS	5	I use this light on 2 separate deployment with no issue . it be 100 % reliable , the battery life be great , and it be bright enough for non-tactical light need -lrb- look through shipping container , light dark path , tent , etc -rrb- . I like the new dim feature , although it take a few minute to figure out how to use it . it be a little bigger than the original maglite , but still small enough to fit into the lower leg pocket which mean I could easily carry it 24\/7 . I do own bigger , brighter , more expensive led light ... but the maglite be a great value and you can carry it without need to worry about mess up something expensive . I have already get my money 's worth out of this and it will probably be around for a long time still .
Flashlight	POS	5	this mini mag be really very good , though its a bit overprice at amazon.com I realize it after purchase . future buyer check walmart\/target for a lower price .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be my third Mini Maglite ... I have one in my hunting gear one in my auto and carry one on my person when work . just purchase for my carry Maglite the leather sheath fantastic product and a great flashlight and sheath . many have try but none compare to the quality and price .
Flashlight	NEG	1	a mag be to a flashlight what a hudson be to a car -- a great product in its time , but not something you would go out and buy today if you want to take advantage of what new technology have to offer . instead , take a look at some of the new led base flashlight , or the xenon\/led combo light make by streamlight -lrb- call `` TwinTask '' -rrb- . for most purpose you will get vastly increase battery life and a much better white flood light -lrb- while use the LED 's -rrb- and and with the TwinTasks still have the option of a high grade incandescent light for the time when you need more `` throw '' .
Flashlight	POS	5	this small led flashlight put out a lot of light for it be size - especially when you consider how little power the LED bulb use . nice flashlight . I would prefer a push button on\/off , but the twist on\/off work ok too .
Flashlight	NEU	3	but I must say , I be a little bit disappointed in the life of the bulb . I get these a week or so back , and I be already on bulb number two . and for the price , a little dinky bulb like this really ought to last longer . look like I 'll be shop for a lead flashlight instead of another order of these bulb . which be a shame , because I really like the flashlight itself . .
Flashlight	NEU	3	Works as advertise , the only downside be that I hate to let my kid use it as the cost of the battery make for a very expensive flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	as be always the case , this maglite be sturdy , heavy and produce excellent light . if anyone have every own a maglight they know that they be hard to beat .
Flashlight	POS	4	bulb work Perfect in my Milwaukee M12 Flashlight . just wish bulb be brighter . still cant figure out why Milwaukee dose not make a bulb .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have several maglite in the past and this one be by far the best . its size make it heavy for some . its the brightest one i have own . i be thinking of get a second one just becasue i like it so much . i advise to anyoen that camp and hike to get thsus one or a smaller one .
Flashlight	NEU	3	have a 2 cell aa mag for 25 year , and decide to get another one and stage it at the other end of the house since power go out frequently in this area . I buy the lead think it would be ` much ' brighter and more powerful . it be not . compare both , with new battery and bulb in the old mag , the LED be only 10 % brighter with its whiter color light . it do project a perfect beam without distortion and illuminate a bit better outside . Quality be up to mag standard . supposedly , the battery last longer , but it will have to save a lot of battery and bulb to justify the cost . if you use it ` very ' frequently , it may be worth it . if not , the old style be just fine . I do prefer the slightly smaller size of the standard non-led mag .
Flashlight	POS	5	I own about 4 or 5 of these little light and they be great . they easily fit into glove compartment , tool box , even you pocket and be always handy . my 2.5 year old son be fascinate with my flashlight and so I buy he a `` cheap '' immitation , which quickly break . I replace it with another and it , too , break . I find they to be unrepairable . I then decide to get he he own mag light . not only do he love it -- it be the first thing he ask for in the morning these day , but it be repairable . he have drop it and try to take it apart many time . usually the drop either break the bulb or dent the top contact on the battery -lrb- which need immediate replacement . -rrb- one time it just be not work after replace the bulb and battery . I almost give up when I decide to take apart the plastic ring that hold the bulb -lrb- it actually say `` do not remove '' -rrb- I be surprise to find how easily it come out to expose the contact . the contact that touch the housing that turn the light on and off be slightly corroded\/gunked up . I clean it lightly with steel wool and snap it back together and it work ! all in all , a handy , rugged , and repairable little light !  buy several .
Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , extreamly durable , the lumination be wonderful . overall great flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	mag Lite make wonderful flashlight of all size . this one fit perfect in my leathercraft tool holder that I ware work outside .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be a maglite repeat customer , so I guess I have already know I would like this aaa version . I buy one to try , but i will be buy more to keep at various place around the house so that whenever I need to look behind or under something I have a light handy . they be tough , durable , bright and , because of they size , incredible convenient . mag have another win flashlight model here . I especially like the candle function .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own a lot of these little maglite over the year , and I keep come back to they . they be great flashlight and be very dependable ! the holster be handy if you want to carry it on a belt . for the price , I definitely recommend this flashlight !
Flashlight	POS	5	the best 2 c-cell flashlight I have own . fit in the glovebox easily so you kid and wife will not `` borrow '' it .
Flashlight	POS	5	for Makita owner , I can confirm that this bulb do work in the Makita 18V flashlight , and it seem just as bright as the original Makita bulb .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be my third or fourth 6 cell maglite . they be a incredible product . the first thing that I do when I purchase a new vehicle -lrb- usually a pickup or suv -rrb- be buy a MAGLITE , a good sturdy pocket knife , and a hydraulic jack for the vehicle . basic equipment not include at the factory ! I usually keep a couple maglite around the house for emergency too . this one be for the house ... until I pick up my new vehicle !
Flashlight	POS	5	mag Lite hold a industry standard that speak for itself . Amazon just get they to the consumer at a cheap price !
Flashlight	NEU	3	what can I say ? I buy this item and install it into the light and it work . satisfy as of today .
Flashlight	POS	4	my son want a maglite for he birthday . could not find the six cell flashlight at the local shop in Ames , Iowa . Amazon come through and he enjoy he big flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	very well-built little bracket . I will be buy a couple more set so my mag lite be never too far away . in the car , in the house , perfect !
Flashlight	POS	5	look for this dewalt flashlight in local home improvement store but only find it in a set with other dewalt product . if you have the charger from other product and only need the flashlight this be a great deal . delivery be fast . no problem .
Flashlight	POS	5	I get 14 year of service from my first rechargeable mag light -lrb- include the rechargeable battery -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	4	all in all , give the price , it be worth it . use it just as a pen light it have sufficient power and battery life for it be design purpose .
Flashlight	POS	5	my work go through a blackout recently and this definitly would have handy at the time . this be one of the brightest flashlight I have see . the price be also lower than I have see anywhere else .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have a Mini Maglite flashlight attach to my Leatherman Tool for may year . the back be lose on my old one a few week ago . I be glad that they be still available in that size . Amizon.com be the best .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be my 3rd or 4th purchase of this type of flashlight . when you loan it to someone or let they use it , somehow it never come back . Amazon pricing allow for repurchase without pain . I like to try the lead version , although pricey , maybe next time .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a very bright light , much brighter than the older incandescent Mini Maglite and very much brighter than a single-led flashlight I have from Brinkmann and a 9-led light from Harbor Freight Tools . the illumination pattern be also much smoother , and I like that you can adjust it by rotate the head of the flashlight -lrb- although the range of adjustment be fairly limited compare to the incandescent version -rrb- . I also like the cool white color of the illumination . it be advertise as be a 3 watt lead , so be a engineer , I have to measure it . it draw 370ma of current at 3 volt , so that be more like 1 watt of actual power dissipation . I guess they rate it compare to the amount of light that would be put out by a 3 watt incandescent bulb . by the way , my old incandescent bulb version of the same Mini Maglite draw 300mA of current , so do not expect more battery life from the lead version . my Brinkmann and Harbor Freight Tools flashlight draw around 50-60ma , so they battery last a lot longer at the expense of much less illumination . if you be concern about go through battery , you can use nimh rechargeable battery . overall I be very impressed with this little light . it be a bit longer than the incandescent version but I have not find that to be a problem . update 1\/11\/09 : as expect , my first set of battery last about 8 hour . there be no warning when they go . the light just suddenly go out . it might go off and on several time as the battery voltage hover around the minimum necessary to keep it light . at first I think there be a loose connection . I be out hike on a cold night when this happen , and I be able to get another 20 minute of life by warm the flashlight inside my pocket for a few minute . I still stick by my 5-star rating as you get a much brighter light with battery that still last as long as in the older incandescent version of this flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I get these for my Porter Cable pc18fl , a pivot head 18v flashlight . the original bulb be krypton . these be xenon so they burn considerably brighter and hotter than krypton . the problem be , they melt the plastic bulb holder in the flashlight . the bulb holder only cost 91 cent but good luck try to find someone who will ship for less than $ 10 .
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite flashlight be renown for they top-notch quality , they waterproof \/ water resistant design , and they extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . the Maglite AA Mini Flashlight -lrb- model : m2a01h -rrb- be no exception . pro -- - come with a Holster the holster have a loop for thread a belt through . it be well-stitched and make of durable nylon . - waterproof \/ water resistant the maglite be immersible in a few foot of water . - durable the aircraft grade aluminum make the casing of the Maglite extremely durable and completely corrosion resistant . - small and portable the maglite be handy for emergency , hike , camping and other use - and its small size make it very portable for take it along anywhere you go so you would not be catch without a flashlight when you need one ! - well-crafted and beautiful con -- - Painted Exterior The black paint of the exterior be extremely durable but it can get inadvertantly scratch off . if that be a concern , I would recommend the silver maglite , which have a bare , unpainted aluminum surface . - incandescent flashlight bulb the incandescent flashlight bulb that come with the Maglite can blow out , especially when subject to extreme temperature . LED Flashlight Bulb Replacement ------------------------------- the  terralux lead flashlight bulb  lead light bulb be brighter , use less energy , and have a 30,000 hour lifespan . conclusion ---------- the Maglite Mini Flashlight be waterproof \/ water resistant , portable , and have a extremely durable exterior . if use with a lead flashlight bulb , the Maglite Mini Flashlight be a extremely bright and reliable light source that consume very little battery power . it just do not get any better than this !
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this light for use here in Iraq , it fit perfectly in the Molle vest loop and have a nice bright light that have be use to blind unexpecting people in the night , when they do not comply . it be that bright . you can get brighter but not better .
Flashlight	POS	5	I first encounter this flashlight during a `` ride along '' with a police officer friend of mine . for a few week , while I be consider become a reserve police officer , the local police department be nice enough to allow I to ride along with my friend Dave , who be a police officer for we local department . all they police car have the mag rx1019 's wire into the patrol car . now , I have have mag flash light -lrb- the battery power kind -rrb- over the year . however , when I first see my friend light up the night with the rx1019 , I could not believe how bright it be ! I ask he what sort of flash light it be and he show I it be a rechargeable mag . I be sort of shock ; after all , my mag light look the same -lrb- san the recharge stuff -rrb- , but be not even half as bright . Dave explain it be because the mag light in the car be always fully charge . wow , what a difference . after a few month of ride along , I decide against become a police officer . however , I do end up buy several of the mag rx1019 flash light . I even buy one for my Dad for Xmas . let I tell you , this be about the best flash light you can buy . it be always charge and ready to go - you never have to look for battery . it be super bright and really do a amazing job light up the night . in fact , it be practically like have a car headlight in you hand ! : - -rrb- that be how bright this thing be . the flash light really take a beating and be very well make . you can also buy aftermarket nimh battery if\/when need and these not only have no `` memory effect '' , but double the charge capacity . overall , short of spend hundred of dollar , this be the best flash light money can buy in my opinion . I use mine constantly . I live out in the forest and this flash light work great for light up the night and\/or when you want to shine it up into a distant tree to find a owl , etc. . if you be look for a top quality flash light , this be the one to get . I would give it 10 star if I could . . that be how fantastic a light it be .
Flashlight	POS	4	product seem to work just fine . it ship in a decent time .
Flashlight	POS	5	what can I say about a battery ... it be the correct product at a good price , it charge up and so far its lighting the maglite .
Flashlight	POS	5	keep this light in my purse - come in handy - light be nice and bright ! as usual Amazon come through again .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be my favorite mag-lite purchase . those of we who have use the Mini-mags over the year have learn to live with dim light and unexceptional battery life , but gladly trade that for its durability and quality construction . this light change all that . unlike led upgrade -lrb- and even the maglite c and d cell lead light -rrb- , this flashlight be design to be use with a lead bulb , which be evidence by its elongate head . the result be a very bright light , with almost no `` black hole '' when on wide flood . its output be very similar to the regular -lrb- krypton -rrb- 3 c\/d cell light , but in a much smaller package . what be interesting be the proportion be similar to the 6d cell , which give it some use as a defensive weapon , for those so inclined . I do have a gripe about the pricing - $ 10 less would be nice . however , it be make in America and it be tough as nail . my only caveat be this be at least 30 % longer than the 2aa mini-mag , and therefore do not fit quite as easily into purse , pocket , & c. but lighting and battery life be significantly longer .
Flashlight	POS	4	I sure do like this light . light be bright , and last a pretty good long time . the only thing that I do not like about it be that if you set it down on the battery , and raise the lamp up and point it down , it become unbalanced . but ... that do not hinder my use it ... love the light .
Flashlight	POS	5	this little tiny flashlight be powerful . from the name you can trust . I have have mag-lite for many year and I have to say that this one be the most convenient of they all . it be durable , lightweight , and very inexpensive . it fit into any pocket , or can go on any key chain . you can even have one in any part of you car or house for those little emergency that ary . the aluminum alloy case be so protected that this flashlight can last a lifetime . it have be a great and useful investment . enjoy !?!
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this 6-cell maglite for my boyfriend as a gift . he now keep it next to he all day . this be the brightest and ` badest ' light out there . we also own two 4-cell maglite , but this be by far the best value . I recommend it to anyone for the indoors or outdoor activity .
Flashlight	POS	4	over the year , doodle on the Google homepage have make search on Google more fun and enjoyable for its user worldwide . when doodle be first create , nobody have anticipate how popular and integral they would become to the Google search experience . nowadays , many user excitedly anticipate the release of each
Flashlight	POS	5	please see my review on DeWalt DW 9043 bulb , as most of that apply here . bulb work great , but run very hot . Lens very hot , after 2-3 seconds touch , reflector about the same . metal hinge\/holder too hot to touch . some plastic smell in first 10 minute inspection . check again at 1 hour 5 minute -lrb- total test time -rrb- and still the same . no scorch or melt plastic . a winner ... UPDATE april27\/12 : still work great with normal drop and bang , lens heat not a issue ...
Flashlight	NEG	2	I have four mini-led maglite -lrb- three 2aa , 1 3aa -rrb- , two 3d lead maglite , one 2d lead maglite and a few non-led 3d\/4d maglite in various color . I use to buy nothing but MAGLITE flashlight . however , unlike the non-led maglite , the more expensive -lrb- minus -rrb- lead version have all-but-one fail over time . I have not have much trouble with the bigger light , especially the non-led version . all but one of the mini-maglite led flashlight that I have have develop weak connection or corrosion after a year or more . I start see the light go off randomly while use it . shake it help for a while , but eventually I be smack it on thing to get it to come back on . after a while , I give up . the battery do not seem to drain evenly , one battery can drain to the point that it leak all over the inside of the light , while the other be still over 90 % capacity . happen more than I like . the only mini-maglite that still work for I - I have to pry out a battery from it today . mag research probably have great customer service , and they 'll remove leak battery for you , fix stuff if you send they the light . but for something $ 20 or less , it be not worth it for I . I just throw it in a part drawer in case the one mini-maglite I have leave need a spring or something .
Flashlight	POS	5	this product be great ! much more usable than my previous 3 d-cell maglight . package arrive quickly and in good shape .
Flashlight	POS	5	finally ! a American make lead flashlight ! this be a great model with several feature available only for the lead model . very bright ! build solid and have the consistent reliabilty of MagLite . tremendous product !
Flashlight	POS	5	this a great light , especially if you already have some other Dewalt tool that use the same battery . the head pivot to give different lighting angle and with the battery it stand up on it be own with no problem . no more buy disposable battery for flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight in 1996 and it be clearly the best flashlight I have ever own . as a police officer I need a flashlight that be durable , could light up the occupant of a vehicle at night to the point where they be blind , and allow I to see everything in the vehicle . this flashlight be literally a lifesaver . I have replace the battery pack once and a few bulb , and I still use it today . Worth every penny !
Flashlight	POS	4	these be a replacement for a set I have buy year ago and one have break . I really like these bracket as they allow I to keep my mag lite flashlight in a conspicuous spot and allow easy removal when need . my only concern be that they do break after a couple of year . I would like to see a softer more flexible plastic use in they construction , thus ensure a longer lasting product . of course with the reasonable price I feel they be still a good buy .
Flashlight	POS	4	all man like flashlight , perhaps its a carryover from we day as caveman when we always make sure we have fire available . the mag be the equivalent of a muscle car . sure there be smaller , faster and even cheaper flashlight but the mag just work . its totally no-nonsense and have the product recognition value equivalent to Apple Computer . the drawback be many . its big , heavy , the krypton light be not the best and the adjustable beam be rather ragged look but it put out a good amount of light and be tough enough to be drop , use as a self defense weapon , improvise hammer , dog repellent , or crowbar . you can get a xenon bulb for greater light output at the expense of battery life , or a lead upgrade which drop right in . many police force stop use the mag not because it be a bad flashlight but because they be beat suspect to death with they so they be force to use cr123 base minus tactical light . that one tough flashlight . they be not overly expensive , as there be other out there cost 4-5 time as much and frankly I be unsure why they charge such a premium . they be make in the USA so they can be consider a reasonably patriotic purchase .
Flashlight	POS	5	I do a lot of research before purchase the magcharger flashlight . it be by far the best value all around and Amazon have it for the best price . I highly recommend this product if you want a flashlight to last a lifetime .
Flashlight	POS	5	use these to mount my 3-d cell maglite in my vehicle . I have the light mount vertically and these do a great job of hold it securely . you can pull the light out from the top or straight out , no problem .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you have ever buy a short-life battery for you mag you 'll love this one . my distributor `` save '' I money by switch to a cheaper battery that do not last . these be time test and last I nearly 5 yr . on the job and then I give they to my brother-in-law who get another two out of they . I be very pleased with this product .
Flashlight	POS	4	all right I be go to cut to the chase . this light be definitely outdated although mag have introduce its excellent Minimag LED . some of the complaint about the reliability of this light be absolutely hilarious . mag flashlight have be the standard light for maintenence , security , law enforcement , and many other type of personnel and have prove to be a very reliable and durable light . its a incandescent light , which can fail if drop just like any other light of its type . p eople who I consider to expert on the topic of flashlight , who even have website dedicate specifically to flashlight review , also consider this to be a very decent entry level light with high reliability . these expert have recognize the Minimag as be a dependable flashlight not know to have any major design flaw that affect reliability . sure there be better flashlight out there , they also cost more money . I consider all the mag flashlight to be good entry level light . you be not get a surefire or streamlight but you will end up with a light that be go to work every time you use it and offer a very long service life . these light have be torture test to grave extreme on public forum pertain to flashlight and they durability will amaze you . where it truly do not compare to the Surefire and Streamlight light be in beam quality . once you have use a surefire or streamlight you might never go back . this little Minimag have a lot go for it though . it be reliable , have fairly good output , and have a decent run time on relatively inexpensive aa battery . other light may be brighter but they be either more expensive initially or more expensive to feed battery wise . I just can not stand back while people be trash probably the most proven flashlight of the 20th century . many police officer , security personnel , and search and rescue operative have use mag flashlight in one form or another for decade in harsh environment . they be not the best flashlight out there for sure , but they certainly be not junk . in conclusion , I think its fair to say that its not the best flashlight in term of technology but its definitely a versatile and durable light that will offer many year of reliable service . Maglite have keep the design simple so that they can offer a very high quality product at a very reasonable price . Quality have nothing to do with feature . what the Minimag lack in feature it make up in quality and reliability . while I have many higher price flashlight that be better in term of brightness and technology , the Minimag have provide I year of service and have be abused heavily . it work as well as the first day i buy it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase this product to be use by a entire division of over 25 personel onboard a NAVY vessel . in the workspace , temperature be always over 100 degree , and the flashlight have be drop numerous time on steel deck . the Maglight have even be submerge in oily water , and I have not have one problem with it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this to help walk the dog late at night . it give the perfect amount of light to see where you be go , but not enough for the neighbor to call the cop . it be lightweight , which be good when struggle with a playful puppy . overall , this flashlight make my life easier as I be no longer walk into thorn bush .
Flashlight	POS	5	love my little mag .
Flashlight	NEG	1	it arrive today -- can not turn it on . pricey too for such a little thing ! refund
Flashlight	POS	4	we like the mag-lite led flashlight a lot ; that be why we purchase two more so we could have they in the car in case of a emergency . only disappointing thing thus far be that the battery life be not as long as I have be lead to believe ; maybe Rayovac battery be really poor ; I 'll try another brand and see if there be a difference .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be the first time I have buy this battery stick from a source other than Galls . my original battery that come with the flashlight last approx 3 year . since then I have be re-order from Galls and have have to replace the battery every year . I have hear the supplier they get theirs from be sub-standard so I decide to switch and get this year battery from Amazon . so far so good , only time will tell ...
Flashlight	POS	4	this flashlight be just what I be look for to go in my backpack . I think everyone could use a small but bright flashlight . if you have ever walk up to a dark door and need light to find the key hole . with this flashlight never again .
Flashlight	POS	5	bracket work perfectly and do they job well . they hold my d cell maglite tightly and seem to be very well construct . great product for a low price .
Flashlight	POS	5	these little flashlight rock . I must be the last person in the US to discover Mag Instrument flashlight , but I be a solid convert now .  when you be camp , especially backpacking , a little light like this be very handy . the battery do not last long , but they do not weigh much either -- a key factor for backpacker . and they be very rugged . I live in a wooded suburb at the end of a country road -lrb- at least it use to be a country road -rrb- with frequent power problem . we must own 10 flashlight already , but be replace they with more reliable unit -- like these little mag light .  we buy the accessory kit with the lanyard -lrb- and other stuff that we find less useful -rrb- . for camping , we also buy a non-mag belt holster that can hold both the light and a knife or Leatherman .  highly recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	the mag rechargable flashlight be a very good product , very bright and light weight . I be very pleased with the mag rechargable light .
Flashlight	POS	5	a big improvement over MagLite 's first lead minus : longer battery life when battery get low , light get dimmer instead of cycling on and off as with first lead version Works great on rechargeable battery Beam focus but not as well as original bulb-type mini-maglite I have drop it several time on a hard floor and it still work -lrb- not recommend -rrb- lead light reflect from animal 's eye
Flashlight	NEG	1	I work as a electrician i buy this flashlite a few week ago it do the job right but its not a solid flashlight every time i open it i have to shake it to get a strong light
Flashlight	NEG	1	work great for a week or so . good light except after a week or so it will not stay on . you have to shake it and turn it on and off to get it to come back on . I be go to send it back to Mag Light ...
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy a couple of these to keep in the glove compartment of my car . here be why I like it : 1 . this take up little space -lrb- even in the include holster -rrb- and weigh very little since it run on two aa battery -lrb- which be include -rrb- . 2 . the beam of light be fully adjustable from a wide area to a spot with a simple twist . it be very powerful consider the size . 3 . this work great when you be look for something under the car seat , need to read a map at night , or need to check under you hood . Shop for price . I buy the exact same thing at my local Home Depot for under nine dollar , which be less than half the current price on Amazon .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have have mag light over the year and far as I can tell I will continue to buy they . I work as a handyman . I never know what I will be do from week to week . a good flashlight be worth its weight in gold to I . I have have my 2aa lead light now for just over 3 month now . it have be in crawl space , some of they dry . countless non light basement . I really like the fact you can reduce the power , use it as a strobe , SOS , or a regular flashlight . Great think on mag 's part . all in all , they be worth the money . if anyone be look for a great gift idea for just about any guy , this be it . ok I know there be a lot of gal out there that would think they be cool too . talk about a great stock stuffer .
Flashlight	POS	5	I love mag light and they make great product for general usage . if you be look for something for you emergency kit this would be a great buy .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be one product -lrb- apart from a swiss Army knife -rrb- that will never fail you . go ahead and buy it .
Flashlight	POS	5	I know I would like the 6d cell mag Lite . I use one of the old model for 30 year until a leak battery kill the switch . they do not make a replacement switch for the `` pre d '' serial number so I have to replace it . good price and very prompt delivery -lrb- two day from order -rrb- . a great flash light and a even better defensive weapon . I never go on a alarm call without the mag Lite and S&W; 38 special . the only change I would make might be a 44 magnum .
Flashlight	POS	4	if you have never own a mag light , you do not know what you be miss . on mine , however , the rubber cover on the on\/off switch keep fall off .
Flashlight	NEU	3	its a graat torch very powerful bulb good focus but the only issue s that due to 4 battery of a make it very difficult to carry due to the weigt of 4 cell for residence purpose the 2 cell would be more confortable reg yusuf
Flashlight	POS	4	after receive one of these and a larger mag as a gift I be not sure where I would use this flashlight . as it turn out , I be use it more than the larger light . it be small size make it incredibly useful for small maintenance task such as work on a computer , poke around a car or even find thing you drop behind furniture . it be brightness be surprising . I have find it to be almost as bright as the mag 2d light .  I have some contact problem when I put the first set of battery in , but after play with the spring in the back and make sure the end cap be tight it work fine and have fail since .
Flashlight	POS	4	I give it 4 star - 5 star for its usefulness and 3 for its build quality . I have several cordless tool from different make , so I be not use up the battery all the time like I be suppose to from what I have read , but have this flashlight around help I at least cycle through my DeWalt 12v battery . the flashlight have a lightweight feel to it without the battery install , so it clerly do not feel as `` heavy duty '' or solid as , let 's say , a drill might feel , but I figure what should I expect ? maybe the yellow and black color scheme along with the DeWalt label make I expect more ? but , heck , it be only a flashlight ! you can not vary the beam width as you can with a maglite but you can pivot the head which have prove useful at least once . lastly , I be not quite sure how I ever get by without a flashlight in the shop ! my final recommendation be that if you have a cordless kit from any make , get the matching accessory flashlight !
Flashlight	POS	4	the Mag Charger , as all maglite , be a american icon -- we all love they and love use mag 's ! although there be many product on the market which be superior -lrb- as with the Harley-Davidson -rrb- I still like my MagLite more than other . I have upgrade this mag charger with the excellent terralux -lrb- of USA -rrb- tle-300mr which be a 600 luman lead upgrade . WOW ! the basic product be still great and have the shape , fit and finish we be all use to -lrb- and be make in USA like TerraLUX -rrb- while the performance be unsurpassed ! way to go .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you be sick of constantly buy battery , and never have a flashlight handy , buy this gem . it be awesome , especially if you already have sink a few hundred into other dewalt product and wish you could use those battery for something else ! it be bright and take a beating !
Flashlight	POS	5	good , steady , bright beam that be package in such a heavy package that it give a nice sense of security when wander the house look for the source of suspicious noise at night . I have get some of the smaller version too for the kitchen and car , but this be the ultimate one .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I use the flashlight 3 time . the bulb burn out and the replacement also fail . I smell burn material . should I contact dewalk for replacement
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have have three maglite , which be not expose to rugged use . even though the battery and bulb be still good , they no longer operate . somehow it appear that the connection or wiring have fail !
Flashlight	POS	5	ive have this flashlight for over 3 year and it work great . still the original bulb . and only go through like 4 set of battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	I use this flashlight every night on the job inspect large passenger aircraft , powerful adjustable beam be great .
Flashlight	POS	5	I need a small compact flashlight for work and after check several review , I decide to get this one . I love the adjustable light feature simply by turn the lens -lrb- knob -rrb- at the top of the flashlight . it adjust from a wide view to a nice sharp concentrated beam . it also have a `` candle '' feature . the lens unscrew from the base . you set the lens on a flat surface and then set the base `` inside '' the lens so the bulb be expose give you the `` candle '' effect . I have only use it a few time so far so I be not sure how fast it will eat up battery , but for the light itself - I would buy again .
Flashlight	NEG	1	have this flashlight for a while , use it only a couple of time and when I need to use it today it would turn on and flicker off when I tilted it . replace the battery and now it will not event turn on . be able to get it to turn on for a couple of second by adjust the battery cap , but will not stay it on , and I never even drop it or abuse it like I do with the old incandescent aa maglite . then after read the warranty I find out that the led be not cover so if the bulb burn out , you be leave with a useless aluminum battery holder . not on par with the Maglite tradition .
Flashlight	NEG	2	product arrive on time as advertise with no problem . ship be outrageous . I do not note it at the time and would not have order if I have of notice . that be my fault . for $ 10 shipping I would have think that it would have be hand deliver within a hour . they make good money on that one .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I have my 3aa lead Mini Maglight disappear around 2 week ago - it be a fine flashlight , for sure ! I be quite mad at the kid that borrow it . I still need a flashlight for work that be tough and reliable and of course my first choice be Maglight . at first when I see the 2aa maglight it be like I find the perfect flashlight - just buy it think it would last a lifetime or until I dump it into the ocean or river - happen more then once . get the first flash light home and happily open the package and install the battery ... totally dead , not even a flash . battery check good but , replace they anyway . no go , so I return the flashlight . this be not a typical maglight issue - a trust manufacturer in my opinion - so I go to Lowes and buy a second one - it be actually cheaper then the first . I turn it on and it work perfectly for about 2 minute . it then start to do random thing like SOS and flash . replace the new battery with new - same thing . I go back to the store and return it intend to get a 3aa lead version of the maglight but , they be no longer available . so I try a 3rd 2aa lead flashlight - almost the same result as the second . I Google 'd my problem and find that Maglight have come up with a series of home repair and try they . no luck !!! flashlight be return with tear - for a fall hero . I end up with the old standard Xenon Mini Maglight and be look at a streamlight to replace the LED Maglight . yes , they be more expensive . : -lrb-
Flashlight	POS	4	I have have two of these thing now . which be fun because you can mix part for different color combo . I love this little light . it be always be bright enough for I . I have have some issue with the tail cap partially unscrew itself in my pocket . but after two year in my pocket I can understand it . battery life have be sufficient for my need . it be extremely durable . I send one through the wash once . worked fine afterwards . all in all I would recommend this to anyone look for a quality every day carry light .
Flashlight	NEU	3	yes , you can buy smaller and lighter flashligh that put out more light and have longer battery life . but ... if you be look for something that be build like a tank and produce a decent amount of light , then I recommend get one . I keep one in my car and one around the house . it be what I carry when take a walk at night . the Surefire on my belt put out a lot of light , but you would be hard press to fend off a dog attack with one .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a very useful and be price reasonably . this will be my primary flashlight when preform my volunteer duty .
Flashlight	POS	4	I buy this flashlight because I want to find crack in my basement with a high power light . yes , this work . now that that be fix , I be go to use it for the upcome Hurricane . at Wal \* Mart , they be sell those flashlight with battery , soooo cheap ! but this one be awesome ! stronger , last longer , and it have a rechargeable battery ! highly recommend . 4-star only because I do not use it everyday , just when necessary .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a Christmas gift for a 3-year-old that want a flashlight like Daddy 's ! he love it and the case be a nice touch .
Flashlight	POS	4	when you be buy a replacement bulb for you Ryobi lignt , buy high quality ... dewalt or eq . I have the factory bulb in my heavily used light for 5 year , then it break . the first replacement I buy -lrb- the cheap one -rrb- last a month before it break . I suspect these will go longer .
Flashlight	POS	5	I just purchase this light today . wow be it bright . I also have a Brinkman Q Beam Max Million rechargable 1,000,000 candlepower spot light that be cumbersome and weigh a ton , which I compare to the DeWalt dw908 this evening . I think the Brinkman be really bright , but the dw908 be quite a bit brighter , and light up a larger area . it be more like a floodlight than it be a flashlight . also come with storage for a extra bulb . great product !
Flashlight	POS	5	I use my Dewalt 18v Flashlight all of the time . after three year it finally burn out . buy one of these .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be replace another one , which be identical to the maglite I be now purchase . the reason ? it be so good , my first one be steal ! seriously . we home be break into and my Maglite AA cell Mini Flashlight be steal , along with with many other article . I guess the thief really like it , too . I be so glad to have find a blue one here at a reasonable price ! I have also order replacement bulb for it at the same time . Maglite make teriffic flashlite . they be lightweight and very serviceable . the size of the beam can be adjust from very small , through medium , to much larger by twist the band around the head of the flashlight . I would highly recommend this flashlight -lrb- and all the other maglite product -rrb- . they be well make and will provide many year of relaible service , provide no one steal they !
Flashlight	POS	4	I buy these for my Milwaukee m12 -lrb- 12-volt -rrb- product since Milwaukee , unbelievably , do not make 12v bulb and put 14.4 v bulb in they light which appear dim and yellow . I take away a star for either Amazon 's poor packaging or DeWalt 's poor protection because , in my first shipment , one bulb be explode with glass dust all inside the package . this be a `` xpr '' = xenon pr bulb rate at 0.7 a. I note that one bulb have the filament center , while the other be off-centered and do not give as uniform of a pattern as a result -lrb- contribute for take away a star -rrb- .
Flashlight	POS	5	quede impresionado con el tama & ntilde ; o de la linterna !! es de muy buena calidad y resistente !! gracia Amazon !! lo recomiendo ampliamente !!!
Flashlight	NEU	3	pro : it be fairly bright in the 100 % . the candle mode be sort of useful when work on something in the pitch black and you need both hand . con : the lead housing seem rather poorly place inside the tube , when work on a car and if you tap the flashlight on anything it will switch mode on you into S.O.S. mode -lrb- it blink in morse code -rrb- and it seem to happen quite often . overall for just a normal flashlight to use when walk around in the dark or look through storage it be decent , but if you be do anything that involve a lot of movement or tight quarter I would recommend a different flashlight . I end up give this one away and buy the  fenix e21 flashlight
Flashlight	NEU	3	find someone else to ship this thing to you . 8 buck for shipping and it be like 10 day after I get it .
Flashlight	POS	5	receive the order ahead of expect time , accurate and in order . thanks for the good service .
Flashlight	POS	5	do you want to have a good compact flashlight ? hate those lead base flashlight and like the incandescent bulb light ? I know I do - that blueish light be not a good to my eye and this rugge little flashlight do the trick with typical mag toughness . also the little carry case be a nice thing to have .
Flashlight	POS	5	this product be deliver complete and new . final cost of product be as show on site Delirvery be as schedule . very satisfy with process .
Flashlight	NEG	1	once upon a time these be consider top of the line , mostly by law enforment that actually prize these light because they be sturdy and they could bash people over the head with they . they be prize more for they club like appearance than the actual crappy beam that come out of they . over the year I have discover numerous company that actually try to make a better light , Surefire , Streamlight , Pelican , and Arc , to name a few . these newer light use newer technology , new xneon bulb and no bulb in the case of the new lead base light . it be too bad that maglite have be leave in the stoneage of lighting product and now from a competitive standpoint must use other means of compete . from recent observation mag have choose to try to simply place lawsuit against they competitor to try to destroy these new line company out of existence . sorry for the rant folk but no discussion of mag can be do without mention they extremely distasteful business practice . so I say to mag , spend you money on research and development , improve you now pitiful light and let you product be you ultimate statement of company direction . fire you vast team of legal expert who continue to be a blight on the civilized world and welcome competition which you apparently find so repugnant . so for anyone who bother to read this , frequent the company I mention above for superior lighting product and boldly step into the 21st century of lighting and see how delightful it can be . the bonus be you can still use you old maglite as club and weapon which they be design to be .
Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	candle mode light up a large room . the LED light be incredible . i keep one in my car and one in my house . it be just awesome . buy this flashlight and you will never be sorry .
Flashlight	POS	5	I work in a place that use 4 of these light 24\/7 . the light be switch on and off hundred of time per week , drop , and generally abused . in the five year I work there , we never have to buy a replacement . occassionally a switch would die , but Mag Instrument repair that free . ca not be beat !
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy two of these , they both last less than a week , then the switch start change all on they own while use they . the be both unreliable and worthless to use at this point . too bad really ... because they be be great when they work . rip maglite aa lead flashlight without a redesign .
Flashlight	POS	5	you will be happy to know that the Mag-Lite Rechargeable flashlight system now come with a spare lamp in the tailcap , at no extra charge to the consumer ! there have also be a few improvement make to the Halogen lamp which have increase the brightness by 33 % and have increase the on-time by 33 % ! a great mag-lite make even better !
Flashlight	POS	5	i have have this system before , , nothing , i mean nothing , be as bright or last longer than this rechargable mag . no more battery , , ever .
Flashlight	POS	5	for its size , its the best thing out there in term of light , with a great slim outer shell . the include holster be a great plus . long battery life due to the led !
Flashlight	POS	5	I need one of these to have my flashlight with I when work ... really cumbersome carry it in my backpocket ... especially when one have to do any climbing or co into crouch position . the clasp be very sturdy leather and the actual holder seem to be a hard plastic type material which can fold up against the clasp , conveniently , when not in use .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have several of these Mini MagLites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . I have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- I do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do I own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... I keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , I keep a regular Mag-Lite in the trunk , too . I keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . I keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . I keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . I learn my lesson in the 1994 Northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for AA Mini MagLite , 2-pack
Flashlight	POS	5	my old black Mini mag lite finally die , so I be look to replace it . this -lrb- cheapest -rrb- version of the Mini mag be shiney silver , which I be now get use to after have the black one . it come with 2 Dura cell battery , a spare bulb , and a black weave nylon holster . there be a hole drill through the end cap to allow you to put a cord on it and\/or hang it on a nail , I guess . while it do not focus into a perfectly round smooth beam , it be round and smooth enough for general use . you can spread out the beam if desire , or even remove the head and use it as a holder for the `` candle mode '' - just the handle point up with the bare bulb on top - to , say , illuminate you whole tent for a minute . no doubt you can put a $ 15 conversion bulb in this $ 10 flashlight and make it a $ 25 flashlight , but why bother ? the only minor complaint I can find be the holster can not just slip onto you belt - you must thread you belt throught the flat loop . this could be a good thing as well , though . I buy two .
Flashlight	NEU	3	decent ring . I would recommend use with 2 d cell or 2-4 c cell light only as anything bigger be just ridiculous to carry in the manner design for this product . not the greatest leather as far as I can tell by look and feel . I do not have enough time and use with it to reveal wear and durability but figure that compare to most other law enforcement grade holder that it would not stand up as well . certainly not practical or tough enough for police work but may be desirable for light security and maintenance work .
Flashlight	POS	5	its a excelent product and I be happy to have one for I . Easy to use and very funtional . I recommend .
Flashlight	POS	5	Great little flashlight . good weight to it . fit in glove compartment , tool box , kitchen drawer . purchase one for everyone in my family . they be , `` that be nice '' , until they need some light . all be very happy they have it .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy one of these several year ago and it break within a couple of month . a couple of month ago I decide to try again , within 3 week it be break , never again .
Flashlight	NEG	1	Maglite sell great flashlight many year ago . they have not really change they light much over the year , and they be fall behind . there be much better , smaller , and brighter light on the market for reasonable price . why lug around three huge and heavy d cell ?  maglite have be sue smaller company for unreasonable reason . they sue smaller company for silly little thing . do you want to buy from a huge company that crush the other little guy ? I sure do not want to .  I think that if you want a good flashlight you should look at Surefire , Streamlight , Scorpion , and other company .
Flashlight	POS	5	dont waste you money on those new lead light ... nothing beat a maglite ... you cant kill em . plus it can be tool in a pinch
Flashlight	POS	4	so everyone love Mini Maglights , or even Maglites in General , even though everyone know they be not that bright and you can buy brighter light out there , but everyone also know that they maglite be go to last a long time and for a cheap price , you can purchase a led drop in that will surely Surprise Alot of people !! these flashlight be great ! by themselves maybe not all that bright , but Purchase a Drop in Led and be surprise at how good these can actually be !! so 4 Stars because of the light brightness by itself , but spend another $ 10 - $ 15 and you will have a awesome Led light that will last basically forever and will probably extend you battery time while be a Million time Brighter !! you can not beat $ 8 for a Mini Maglite
Flashlight	POS	5	hay yo what can we say bout it ? I will not mind drive over U ' r flashy lite just do not want to drive a truck over mine ok !! I do get the 6 d cell one so I can put the spinner handle on it and look k@@l . actually U have the light on my black rifle and that make a great front handle for the front end of the stock . still work on the front of mine so that be where you do dit da da . the 6 cell one be a wee bit heavy still I do like it that way . I get it to add the led light to it and boy be it the only way to fly so super man up up and away it be the brightest thing with out wheel . plus shiny black I should have call it a cadillac . dray
Flashlight	POS	5	hold my maglite very securely in my jeep , take a bit of strength to get it out but I would rather have it tight than loose . so far have not experience any problem and I have have it hold for a couple of month now .
Flashlight	POS	5	the Maglite ASXD026 D-Cell Flashlight Mounting Brackets purchase from Amazon be top notch . previous set survive over five -lrb- 5 -rrb- year with almost daily use to hold a 5-cell flashlight without failure . very highly recommend !
Flashlight	POS	5	i love the feel of this . i keep this in my car and i feel safer in more way than one . ; - -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be amazing ! you can use it for anything , and it will not break . my Dad have a old empty de-icer can in he truck , and it be make really obnoccious noise , and annoy I . so , I cave it in with my maglite . I have drop it countless time , and it be still fine . it can light up the house in the backlot behind we house , about 250 yard away . there be a squirrel that come into we house through the chimney , and wasrunn around we house in the day , when we be not there , and hide on the fridge when we be home . so , my mom see the cat sniff around the fruidge , and ask I to take a look . so , with my maglite , I look around , and there he be , the peice of vermin , sit on we fridge . my brother get a stick , and I be the light man . my brother finally get he out , and after 5 or 10 minute of chase the stupid thing , shine the light in he eye , he run out the back door . the flashlight play a big part in get the stupid peice of vermon out . after that , and after my sister handle it with filthy hand , it smell , so I wash it under run water in the bathroom sink , twice so it would stop smell bad , and it be still fine . it be definately handy if you be move , and you have a big messy garage , or to light up anything dark . if there be a power outage , the lamp mode be a big help . during previous power outage , my Dad 's tryed settind up flashlight all over the place , and it do not work . if you need a good flashlight , buy a 4 cell maglite . it be big enough to be very bright , but , unlike a 6 cell , it be small enough so that you do not a crane to move it anywhere .
Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase this flashlight for my car . it be very small and easy to store and be very bright . it will come in handy when I be on the road .
Flashlight	POS	5	this thing be a boss ... nice to keep in the truck for hour of light or as a club be necessary . Mine recently disapear from my truck , I suspect my friend ... not of a ton of light output , but it can be focus , and the thing last forever with 4d battery , do not buy a 3d ... man up and get the 4d , if nothing else just so you can say you do not back down , and who want to use a odd number of battery ...
Flashlight	POS	5	item be receive superfast and the shipper send email let I know each step of what be go on during my purchase .
Flashlight	POS	5	i love the lite id just like to know where to get replacement bulb at for this model but over all its a wonderful lite
Flashlight	NEU	3	I buy this and put it on my flashlight to try it out . when I take it off to install , both the bracket break . sadly , the QuickFist clamp do not fit my application . so I just order anther set .
Flashlight	POS	5	first off there be better technology out there for flashlight . however , this be good ol' american make hardware . the best feature be the ability to focus the beam . I can get a great beam of light 200 yard when I focus it . the 6 cell be double as strong as the 4 cell in Lumens plus it also last a hour longer . it can also act as a self defense tool , you would not want to get hit with this thing when it be full of Batteries !! what a great price too , you can not beat this deal anywhere ! I buy three !!!
Flashlight	POS	5	I have use MagLite flashlight of various size for 15 year and always find they to be very well-made , durable and dependable . I also have a 5 watt surefire flashlight and a 1 watt lead flashlight that be similar in design to the Mini-Maglite . I have also use a MiniMaglite lead upgrade module -lrb- not make by maglite -rrb- - which do not perform to my expectation . I recently purchase the 3 watt lead mini-maglite and be very impressed with it . it be very bright - at least 3x as bright as the 1 watt minimag clone that I have . it be not as bright as my 5 watt surefire tactical flashlight , but I would not want it to be . 3 watt be great for a general purpose flashlight . in short , the Mini-Maglite LED have exceed my expectation . the only negative that I have be that it take so long for MagLite to make they led flashlight available . other led flashlight have be available for several year and it be begin to look like MagLite be not go to develop any led product - I be glad they do because this be a great little flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy several of these as gift for the guy at work . they be a great small size flashlight .
Flashlight	NEU	3	the dw904 can be a excellent accessory to have , but I much prefer the Dewalt flexible model to the pivot type flashlight because they really handle daily on the job abuse better and also have the add advantage of a long rubber cover flexible neck to wrap around object for better positioning . my preference be base on heavy use of both type of the 12v , 14.4 v and 18v model . most of the flexible model I currently own be several year old and have have many time more use than the pivot model ever will , for a good reason . although they have be pretty well beat up , all be still work fine and I could never say enough good thing about they . the on-off switch on all model be fairly well protected but can occasionally get stick in one position because of heavy dirt or mud buildup . the switch can be free up easily with the aid of a stiff part clean brush once the mud have dry . if you do a lot of work in crawl space or other area where dirt , mud , sand and grit can get ground into the pivot joint of the dw904 flashlight , it can eventually cause excessive wear at the joint and damage to the spring loaded electrical contact located there , cause the light to malfunction without warn at a most inopportune time . one day , I have just such a experience use the 12v dw904 while replace the motor on a circulator pump located about sixty foot back inside a crawl space under a hotel . the crawl space have absolutely no area lighting of its own and none of the natural light that you sometimes get through vent , so the dw904 be literally the only source of light to be have . about halfway into the job , I be in the process of adjust the flashlight head to better light the work area , when everything suddenly go pitch black . at first , I think , ... okay ... , maybe the bulb have just burn out . I would have to change the bulb in the dark once before so I new it could be do . feel my way around the flashlight , I carefully unscrew the lens and replace the bulb with a spare bulb store inside the flashlight head . the bulb be not the problem . I remember think , ... `` Heeere Lassie ! '' ... because there be no way I be go to be able to navigate my way around obstacle and get out of the crawl space without see where I be go . fortunately , I have a two-way radio with I and be able to get hold of someone up above to grab another flashlight and come down to where I be work . I do not think this situation be bring about by any flaw or defect in the dw904 so much as that it be just not design for any type of use that expose it be pivot joint to continuous abrasion from sand and dirt . the older Makita 9.6 v pivot type flashlight I use year ago where also susceptible to the same problem , although none of they ever go completely and totally dead on I like the Dewalt do . you could usually bang the Makita against a floor joist a few time and it would come back to life , at least temporarily . overall , if you plan to use you flashlight only in clean , dry location , the dw904 should be a good choice . on the other hand , if you plan to consistently use you flashlight in damp , dirty environment and other high abuse area , as most tradesman normally will , then one of Dewalt 's flexible flashlight model be definitely a better and much more appropriate choice .
Flashlight	POS	5	great battery , seem to be more powerful than what originally come with flashlight , great purchase . i highly recommend much better than the original battery -lrb- must state that the original be 10 year old -rcb-
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even they have be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I love all maglite that I own . the 6d light be incredibly powerful . Perfect for a airport beacon . : - -rrb- seriously , the adjustable focus allow for wide flood to tight spot with a range that allow you to see considerable distance with clarity at night . would be perfect for neighborhood watch . the one and only complaint I have with maglite be the quality of the manufacturing of the bulb . they last very long but the accuracy in which they be shaped and attach to the bulb 's base during manufacturing be often poor . this result in uneven light distribution in the beam . the bulb in this particular 6d light -lrb- one of several that I have own and currently own -rrb- be tilted in its base by a very visible amount . when the light be focus to spot , this seriously affect the ability of the MAGLITE to cast as much light at a distance because much of light be reflect by the MAGLITE 's reflector off to angle that prevent it from contribute to the center of the beam . this affect its power and range of illumination . however , I happen to have spare bulb and select one that be manufacture more precisely , install it in the MAGLITE , and the beam be perfect . so if you get one that shoot much of its light off to one side of the beam center , look for another bulb -lrb- there be a spare in the base of the flashlight -rrb- and swap out the bulb . in addition to bulb that be tilted in they base -lrb- not the socket of the MAGLITE that receive the bulb , but the base of the bulb iteself -rrb- , the size and shape of the nipple where the glass be form can also cause issue with light distribution , though not as severe as bulb that be attach to they basis incorrectly . this can often contribute to uneven light distribution in the beam . I have many maglite of all size , except c-cell , and this problem occur relatively often in the d-cell light , but not in all instance . I learn to keep some extra bulb on hand not only for when one burn out -lrb- again , they last long -rrb- but also to replace a poorly-manufactured one in a new MAGLITE . I think that MAGLITE should work on the quality control of its bulb -lrb- which may be manufacture by someone for MAGLITE -rrb- . regardless , the bulb issue , if you have one , be easily correct be replacement of the bulb . I would still recommend maglite to anyone . they be tough , long lasting and powerful . just do not let battery sit too long in the light without change they with fresh one . if they leak , they fuse to the inside of the light and you will not get they out .
Flashlight	POS	5	the bulb work perfectly with my black and decker 14.4 volt torch light .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I be want a good small flash light I can use when work on my car , have previous buy a maglite 3-d flash light , I want to buy another Maglite . but this mini flash light be not bright at all , and the beam be very small . the cheap chinese flash light I buy be brighter then this one . overall I be very unsatisfied with this product .
Flashlight	POS	5	hus all ... this maglite be worth for the money u spend on it ... the halogen lamp give u a powerful beam of light . . only thing be battery consumption ... so if u guy get a rechargeable battery then its fine ... I will definitely recommend this product . . its very handy to carry , light weight and go in to pocket just like pen ... very useful to carry along you travel . . it really help in case of breakdown in the middle of the road ...
Flashlight	POS	5	this be one tough little flashlight ! I once drop a Mini mag forty foot onto a rock-while lit-and it survive with only a tiny dent . there be cheaper flashlight out there but this be the one to buy . solid , well think out design and great value make this a winner !
Flashlight	POS	5	I would like to say that I be very happy with the response purchase the MagLite Flashlight , the Item arrive very fast to Australia and the packaging be 1st class . I would recommend anytime and will be deal again very soon . Thankyou again
Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy three set of these . Broke one side of one clip pull out the flashlight two day after install they in my jeep . I have two more set so I change out the broken one . same deal when I pull out the flashlight and break the other of the first set two week later , and replace it . consider the price I just chalk it up to poor manufacture . yesterday i pull the flashlight out and break the side off of another one . I will remove these clip from my jeep and look for something more dependable . I want to mount a light in my jeep , rv , and my truck , but these clip be way too brittle to be dependable . I have one brand new set still in the packaging but I will not be mount they anywhere . I expect a lot out of my tool and maglite make a very high quality , dependable flashlight . I be disappoint to see this quality do not extend to this product . the plastic be too brittle for this use .
Flashlight	POS	4	this flashlight be great it last forever ! sturdy and bright , it also doesnt suck the life out of battery like many do . it take 2 double a battery . i have a red , light blue , purple and a black one and they have be amazing to have when camping , around the house and in the car . small and lightweight yet extremely durable . make out of metal that doesnt rust and the color be beautiful , i hope you enjoy
Flashlight	POS	5	seem more powerful than the original flashlight that come as a pkg with the drill . nothing like have the pivot head !
Flashlight	POS	4	I be give this light by my brother and it work great . the casing be very strong and duriable , and the flashlight be very bright for it be small size . you can still even see the beam in a well light room .  the only reason I be bother to put in a review be to give a word of warning . while deffinately better than any other flashlight of this size I have have , the on\/off switching method be not perfect . the regular maglight be say to have superior switch that do not fail as be so common with a regular flashlight . however the double a battery mag have a different type of on\/off switch . with this type of switch you screw the head in or out to turn the light on . this switching method be not perfect because you also adjust the focus of the beam with by twist the head as well .  the problem my little mag have be that at the tightest focus , the head be rather loose on the casing and can rock back and forth . this rock can cause the flashlight to shut on and off when the head push against the off switch\/lighting assembly . most of the time when I be use a flashlight , I want the strongest beam\/tightest focus , and it can be a bit bothersome to jiggle the head so the light remain on .  this thing be still better than any other minus flashlight I have ever see , but I just want to let those of you look know that it be still not perfect .  I would recomend you get one anyway .
Flashlight	POS	4	unless you be a nurse or a doctor I do not really recommend this light . it look nice , and the pocket clip make it perfect to clip to you coat , but the beam be extremely weak . I would only recommend this beam for pupil reactivity in the medical field . pro : - shockproof - battery include -lrb- 2aaa -rrb- - spare bulb in tailcap - Lanyard hole - clip include - adjustable Beam - operate in candle mode con : - go through battery fast - dim light , led be better - Poor reflector , cause dark spot characteristic of all maglite - expensive at Amazon . look for it elsewhere . - candle mode be not great during power outage , it be very dim if you be look for a everyday light to carry in you pocket or purse , I recommend a new microlight , it be brighter , more efficient , and do not eat through battery as fast .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I have always be a big fan of Maglite flashlight ... and I be excite when I find a camo one on Amazon that be advertise as led . I would previously try a conversion kit to change a maglite to a led , but it do not work out so well , so I think I would order one that already have the led . I open the package , put the battery in , and guess what ? it be a xenon bulb -lrb- which be a great bulb , but not so great on battery life . -rrb- . very disappoint in the misleading description . I 'll give it three star because it be a great little flashlight , even though it be not what I want , and not what be advertise .
Flashlight	POS	5	typical MAGLITE quality . I buy this flashlight for use in work with we fire Dept. . EMS system . it be small enough to fit into the holster with the scissors and knife emt 's carry with they . good for nighttime work and for check the pupil of a patient . it be amazing how much light this emit at night . I plan on use this light for many year to come . just can not go wrong with maglite .
Flashlight	POS	5	I already have 2 of these for 4 yr . buy these for additional location and great price . good design , rugged , flexible beam , easy to see , interchangeable rechargeable battery .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have purchase this maglite originally for my sister . she buy a house in the bay area , and so I think a great housewarming gift would be a 6d maglite . she live by herself , have no pet , and I figure she could use a excellent flashlight . I be not say she can not defend for herself , I be just say that everyone , no matter if you be live in a apartment or house , should have at least one 6d maglite . however , she see the size of this thing , and reject my gift . she tell I she would throw it away , so I say I would take it . I give she my 2d maglite in place of the 6d and now I have one of these bat and my sister have a smaller version . do I mention the size of this flashlight ? I just go camping to Yosemite for a week , and let I tell you , this flashlight be great . you can take off the head of the flashlight , and it become a lantern . it light up any tent or campground . my buddy be impress with how durable and reliable the Maglite . overall , I would recommend this product to anybody . even police officer tell people to get this flashlight . so when you have law enforcement officer refer individual to this product , then you know it have to be a effective item .
Flashlight	POS	5	the construction and quality be what you would expect from a maglite with a solid and durable aluminum body and rubber gasket inside to keep out dirt and water . the grip be also nicely texture to keep the flashlight from slip out of you hand . light output be excellent with a bright , white beam and good throw distance . the reflector have be redesign from the 2aa incandescent model and eliminate the infamous Maglite `` hole '' -lrb- a dark spot in the middle of the beam -rrb- when the flashlight be on full flood . adjust to spot be not a dramatic difference , but it definitely put more light in the center of the beam which can be useful in certain situation . battery last a long , long time , and unlike the older incandescent model , the light output do not decrease to unusable level long before the battery be dead but rather stay clear and bright until the battery be exhaust . the led be also considerably more durable than a incandescent bulb , and my LED Maglite have survive knock and drop that would have require a bulb replacement in my old incan model . and while the lead version be about a inch longer than the old model , the flashlight be still small and light enough to carry everywhere -lrb- I always keep mine on my belt so it be always handy when I need it , which be more often than you would expect ! -rrb- . I have only one caveat : the flashlight do not have reverse polarity protection meaning that if you accidentally install the battery backwards , you 'll smoke the led and you 'll have to buy a new flashlight . just be careful when install the battery and you 'll be fine . it might seem a little pricey , but it be worth every penny . ---------- Edit : a year later and this little flashlight be still go strong . it never leave my side .
Flashlight	POS	5	this behemoth weigh in at 3 lb . and be 20 inch long . I add the optional xenon upgrade bulb 6 cell Mag-Num Star Xenon C or D Replacement Lamps 1\/Pk . . it be so darn bright , I could not fairly compare it to anything else I have . I finally take out the rechargeable , 55 watt , halogen spotlight  Coleman PML8000Y Rechargeable Handheld Spotlight  the Coleman use a automobile headlight bulb , and this maglite produce light that be almost as bright ; boy , be I surprise . yes , it be big and inconvenient , but so be the portable car headlight . the spotlight give you 15 minute of strong light for 20 hour of charge , but the Maglite give a few hour on one set of battery . it be also focusable , so you can get either strong area light or tight beam to throw light hundred of foot away . also , note the rather reasonable $ $ $ compare to other , similar , but more expensive light . if you want a super-powerful flashlight and can deal with the size and weight , this flashlight be the ultimate , most powerful flashlight I have ever use . the only thing more powerful would be rechargeable halogen spot and hid 's .
Flashlight	POS	5	this small but powerful little flash light be awesome . it be easy to work and I love the candle light feature .
Flashlight	POS	5	as a police officer with over twenty year on the job , I can honestly say this mag be the best flashlight in the business ! I have use nothing else for the last twelve year . it be candle power turn the darkest area into daylight . the light 's design make it possible to keep the light hold under the arm easily when both hand be busy , supply a continuous stream of light . this be the perfect flashlight for camping -- it take drop and bang effortlessly and live to shine another day ! I be order a second one to keep in my car . it be easily keep charge with the lighter adaptor .
Flashlight	POS	5	love these flashlight , I have a rechargeable -- I lose it , leave it on the hood of a car . ok dumb you be right . I have all of the component just need the flashlight . can I buy the flashlight only ? will it cost the same as the whole kit ? please if anyone can tell I if this be available . thank you ! Diana
Flashlight	POS	5	bought 4 of these as stock stuffer and do not realize what a hit they would be . we have they tuck in glove box in we car , tool box , kitchen drawer . just small enough to fit into small storage area but not so small they get lose . the light produce be great . a very handy tool that I buy on a lark and would not be without now .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight . the head can be position any direction and it be durable . I have three of these for my shop and car .
Flashlight	POS	4	this have be we `` worst case '' flashlight for many year . it usually get use when commercial power have fail , or a tree have fall , or a car have decide it be not move from the driveway or street ... or when something go bump in the night and maybe you want something in you hand that be a little more substantial than just you hand . iconic aluminum body that stand the test of time . with all that say , the light for this flashlight be almost quaint . in fact , it be quaint , and anytime I see a a incandescent bulb with a filament in a flashlight , I have to worry about something I do not have to worry about led : the bulb burn out . clearly there be better lighting-only choice available with current led technology . but sometimes in the dark , you might need more than a beam of light to help ease you mind . Select as much for its mass and length as for its candlepower : - -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	I love this light . it be bright and the charge last a long time . this be the best price I find for this light . I would suggest this light to anyone that be look for a high quality light . this light do not cost much more than the stinger light , but it be more stream line and easier to use , plus the light come with a hanger\/charger , which make the light very easy to charge and to store .
Flashlight	POS	5	even though these be DeWalt light bulb , I have successfully use they to replace Ryobi and Sears 18v light bulb that come in the handheld light you get in the rechargeable toolkit . if you drop a lamp , the bulb will tend to go -lrb- although they take a decent amount of punishment beforehand -rrb- . I highly recommend keep a few on hand . they be very bright and can fill a room with light .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a excellent light . it be quite bright , well-constructed , and rest easily on the shoulder when hold in the hand . it be a unparalleled $ 25 when I buy it , and absolutely worth that pittance . I wrap around it a good length of duct tape and electrical tape , and thus make it a dispenser of each . I carry it in my car at all time .
Flashlight	NEG	2	Poor quality plastic bracket . not up to mag light standard .
Flashlight	POS	5	why be all these review on this 6 cell mag light mostly for the 2 and 3 cell mag light ? make little to no sense and be unfair to the product be review it be a great product never have have a problem from any of my mag light except 1 where i have some defective battery and the flashlight be replace by the battery company so i have no complaint whatsoever
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even they have be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	NEG	2	to start with , this little flashlight be a first generation fashlight , whereas the modern lithium-powered `` tactical light '' be of third generation . therefore , it be clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlight in performance .  by today ' standard , the Mini Maglite be a adequate general-purpose flashlight . it be comfortably small , although if it be a bit fatter , it would fit better to a hand . the body of the flashlight be of high-impact aluminium , make the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light , tough enough to be use as a impact weapon .  you need two hand to operate Mini Maglight . as there be no light switch , you activate the light by rotate the head of the light , until the light activate . this can be very ankward , depend on the situation on which you need the light . the light be actually quite dim , by modern standard . again , it depend on the situation if the Mini-Mag be bright enough , but as a rule of thumb , the more powerful the light be , the better . after all , there be very little need for dull knife , or dim flashlight . also , the light pattern of Mini-Mag be not even , but the light beam have dark ring or spot , make it harder to see clearly the `` target '' on some occasion .  if you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of you car , for example , Mini Maglite be a reasonable choice . it be a affordable light , and the battery be much cheaper than those use in modern high-powered flashlight . but if you need the flashlight for more serious use , it be better to look for a third generation flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be for bedroom as a emergency light . it be rechargeable and easy to mount ... probably double as a good head smacker too if ever need ... g-d forbid .
Flashlight	POS	5	for year my MagLite roll around in the back seat of my car or in the trunk , until I find these mount bracket . mount my flashlight right underneath my steer wheel for easy access . could not be happier with the product .
Flashlight	NEU	3	I be surprised to see so many 5 star review for this light . a flashight main purpose be to output light . this flashlight do not do that . I own 5 of these that I get over the year but have be one over by the LED light that throw out ton more light and last much longer on battery . while this be very well buily and a nice look light what it lack in candlepower make this just a ok light . if you be compare it to the cheap plastic flashlight then yes , its a 5 star light but what kind of comparison be that ? I know the led light cost more but they be come way down in price and worth the extra money if you want a bright light . I can shine all 5 of mine on new battery onto the wall and they be stil not as bright as my other led light , even the cheap one . I be not talk about the weak run of the mill lead 's but the luxeon or cree model . one of those be brighter than all 5 of my maglight put together .
Flashlight	POS	4	for freak $ 16 you can not beat this 4d maglight ! I want a 3d maglight , but at the time it be twice the price as the 4d , it be kinda weird that it be that much more expensive , but I be very happy I get the 4d light ! now even though I love all Maglights and everyone else do too . . I gotta give it 4 Stars because of the actual light they put out . . everyone that have a maglite . or look for a maglight , you have to buy a drop in lead to go into you maglite . you will open you light and feel how big this light be , it be a big size without be Ridiculously Big . this be not something that you would openly carry at all time or on you person often , but this be something that you could store in you car or House and you would have a great weapon \/ light . . this be a big size but not crazy , it be big enough so that you would be able to actually hurt someone with this light . it be a great size to use as a Baton , and with it be 4D Batteries Installed , it be be no question that you could bust someone pretty hard , maybe break bone or crack skull in the process . -lrb- which be all very dangerous , and very illegal unless it be self defense , protect yourself , family , or property . . -rrb- but , if you be use this as a good big flashlight , you have to spend $ 10 - $ 15 on a drop in LED Upgrade for the light . . you will be very happy at the benefit of the $ 10 - $ 15 led over the stock bulb . . I go ahead and buy a Terralux Drop in LED and I be very piss when I find out that it would not fit into my light ... I do not know if it will fit most 3-4d maglight , and it just would not fit a certain year or model , but it would not fit into my 4d Maglight UNTIL , I take a Knife and start shave down sliver of the metal off of the inner circle Lamp Retaining Cap piece that Screws on Top of the unit -lrb- it screw the bulb unit into the flashlight to hold it in place -rrb- -lrb- it be a good thing that it be a Easy fix , it be just that the little retain piece do not fit over a tiny part of the Original Bulb Unit -rrb- the New LED Unit be a wider piece overall , so when you try and screw it onto the light , the Hole on Top be not wide Enough to screw over the New LED Bulb Unit , but by shave the Inner Circle out for a little bit , you can make the hole on the Retaining Cap Piece just big Enough to fit over the New Unit , and it will fit over and screw it down into the Llight , and it will still be able to fit over the Original Bulb Unit if you ever have to switch back ... !! so it be kind of a Quick fix to the Drop in LED , but you will be very happy when you screw you light together and turn on you flashlight , you will see a huge difference with the New LED compare to the original bulb . . so finally : this 4d maglight be a awesome light , the Weight and size be both pro and con . . it be big and heavy Enough that you will not carry this flashlight with you everywhere , and you will not probably use this light as you primary light either ... but . . you will Love this light and the amount of light that you get when you upgrade to a New LED , even as a Weapon for self defense , or home defense , it can be you main flashlight in you home or car but it be just too big to randomly carry it around . . get upgrade led for you Maglites and you will Love you Maglites even better !! 4 star , but 5 star with the Extra Drop in LED ...
Flashlight	POS	4	I purchase this flashlight to use on detail when I be patrolling as part of a Citizens Watch program . it be not bright enough to help with tripping and focus in on detail . however , it be fine for a purse and backup flashlight . the belt thing be cool-just girl do not usually wear belt .
Flashlight	POS	5	build solid and be super-bright . I test it at night and it light up the whole downstairs from we landing as if it be daytime . the back of the light set comfortably on you shoulder while hold it with one hand at shoulder height face forward - it be big . only downside be that it do not come with the battery , so count on another 6 + dollar .
Flashlight	POS	5	another great maglite product . construct well , will take a lot of abuse . great light output . you 'll be happy with this flashlight .788 MAGCHARGER FLASHLIGHT SYSTEM
Flashlight	POS	4	I be seek a AA Maglite flashlight and notice the `` lead upgrade '' offerer by a number of vendor . I find this flashlight and decide to buy it because it be the genuine maglite brand and feature the lead bulb . the lamp be much brighter and the light be much whiter without the dark spot typical of the standard maglite bulb . what be disappointing be that its larger than the standard size aa maglite , and the larger size feel strange in the hand . I wind up buy the standard aa maglite and the nite-ize led upgrade .
Flashlight	POS	4	there must be some kind of mistake , either mine or Amazon 's -lrb- guess which one I suspect it be ?? -rrb- . anyway , despite the title , the follow review refer to the 2aa light , not the 3aa . I have never even see , much less touch , the 3aa version of the Maglite 3 watt lead flashlight . this be what a lead flashlight should be : tough , durable , convenient , versatile , small , lightweight , with super-bright light . if you want one of those powerful led flashlight with a blinding light , this be it , and at a reasonable -lrb- for a lead flashlight -rrb- price . I really like this one and it be be use alongside all those big , 4-d battery lantern sit around . but be careful : you can get a powerful , blinding light Xenon 4-d cell lantern for half the price of this beauty . be you sure that the small size be worth the extra $ $ $ ? nevertheless , this flashlight have several problem . the size of a cigar , it be a little big to be something you can stick into you pants pocket on a daily basis -lrb- but it do come with a dandy nylon sheath with a belt loop -rrb- . it do give powerful light , but this suck out the battery juice real fast ; the package say nothing and I have not do a total battery drain test , but it be unlikely that you will get much more than 2 hour of light . it have a feature where you can adjust the light beam from focus to diffuse light , but it be pretty lame -lrb- the light be a hot spot in the middle with a rather large halo typical of 4-d big lens lantern ; the adjustment just extinguish the hot spot -rrb- . you can also remove the head assembly entirely for a ` candle ' mode ; this do give good area light , but you can not look directly at the light bulb , so it can not really double as a lantern . it do not have a dual drain feature ; it would be nice to have a switch that can give much reduce light but give much longer battery life , so this thing be not much use as a emergency tool . here , you will get traditional maglite quality . a solid piece of machined aluminum and a lead bulb that will never burn out . you can expect a solid lifetime of good use and abuse . so , outside of the occasional battery change , you will be able to hand this down to you grandchild ; assume , of course , that a ` friend ' do not ` accidentally ' borrow it or you lose it . Postscript : I have now come to regret buy this . it be very bright , but not anymore so than other ' 1 watt ' one . for a few $ $ $ more , I could have get a Maglite regular 4-d flashlight and the optional xenon bulb . if I have know this before , I would never have buy it .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you own a flashlight 10v - 12v this be the bulb you want to buy for you flashlight . these be the best replacement bulb .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight , very bright for its size , very solid a great item indeed .
Flashlight	NEG	2	Thats how this work . you rotate the top portion around and the brightness and focal length increase . but then it come off at the end . I read this about this product before , but its kind of annoy when you want to use this in a hurry and it become loose . would have prefer a switch . its quite compact and slip easily into you pocket . would buy again from Maglite , but not the same design . Advice : look for something else , but make sure it doesnt operate the same way as this device .
Flashlight	POS	5	maglight flashlight be the best you can buy ! I pull mine from my totalled car and work without a hitch . if you use a flashlight a lot or hardly ever , this be the one to buy . -lrb- and no I do not work for the company ! -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	I have own the same 2 d cell maglite for about eight year , and it still work like new . it cost a little more than most of the 2 d cell flashlight out there , but it be worth it . the variable beam width be great , as be the solid aircraft grade aluminum housing . I believe this flashlight will last until I loose it or die , because it be so well build . I own some other water proof emergency 2 d cell flashlight that float , and have a decent beam but they do not have a variable beam that will go from wide to a very tight beam of light , and they do not compare to the solid construction , and reliability of the 2 d cell maglite . this be a flashlight that you can carry in you car suv , Truck or what ever you drive , and it be a great choice because of its size and weight it should fit any just about any glove compartment .
Flashlight	POS	5	Got this for my maglite , since I be a security officer , I need something big to protect myself . I buy my maglite at Walmart and go to 3 different walmart to find a holster and come up empty . I see one on Target.com for $ 8 . this one be only $ 4 and I get it with free shipping in 2 day ! Gotta love amazon !
Flashlight	POS	5	just get this and I love it . we like how small and bright it be . will get one or two more for the house .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this for my husband because he old one break . evidentally these new light will work on both type of battery . he be very happy to have he light back . fast delivery and excellent service . .
Flashlight	NEG	1	this torch be huge and heavy , but even with new battery it be not particularly bright , and the light be yellow and full of shadow . there be far better light out there , like the SureFire m6 which be far , far brighter , much more robust and small . the maglite be only recommend for use as a club .
Flashlight	POS	5	I really like this little mag-lite . it be a perfect size to keep in my pocket , or in my glove box and be plenty bright for my need . you just can not beat the quality of mag-lite !
Flashlight	POS	5	I love this thing . I be not a hardcore tool guy but this little light be incredibly handy . it be beam be brighter and have a sharper focus than you would expect form a flashlight this size . it weigh next to nothing which mean it be easy to hold in you tooth when you do not have a free hand .  if it be any testament to how great these light be , I have have three of they `` borrow '' from I and never return .  this light and my Leatherman be just about the only tool I ever need .
Flashlight	NEG	2	while it be a solid , durable , and bright light , it have several big disadvantage . for one , the light output drop off way too fast . it have a impressive beam with fresh battery , but after relatively short use , it be too dim to justify the enormous size and weight of the thing . many light , such as the modestly price Surefire g2 pack just as much light output -lrb- or more -rrb- but be easily pocketable and much much lighter . also , the smoooth plastic reflector give it a dirty , spotty beam with noticible dark spot . really , the only thing this light have go for be that it be a pretty indimidating body and have a definite macho appeal . but if you look for serious illumunition look somewhere else .
Flashlight	POS	4	when I receive it , I quickly open it up and pop the battery in . the intensity of this flashlight amaze I when compare to maglite of comparable size . it be able to compete with the 3d mag , too ! I be plan to upgrade the 3d to a led bulb because of this flashlight . it certainly be a improvement over the standard 2aa krypton maglite . it have `` dark spot '' but not the kind that the regular mag do . the beam be pretty round -lrb- a perfect circle , unlike the regular one -rrb- and have a bright spot in the center . the focus can be adjust to make the center wider or more focus . other than that , it be not really focusable much . \ Overall , a great buy for the money . handy , and bright !
Flashlight	POS	5	as I expect from Maglite , this be a tough and reliable flashlight . nothing much else to add , it be the only brand of flashlight I buy .
Flashlight	NEU	3	due to its rigid aluminum construction any form of shock absorb by the light , generally from a fall at hip level or even a roll out of the truck door , will kill the bulb . I have be tell the lead version of this light be a better option as the LED 's be more durable . personally after own a few of these I find they to be over rate . they be to heavy , the beam be very weak when its widen and very small and bright when focus . I find there be no good in between . in my opinion you can get just as good performance with a smaller 2d mag light of even the aa version .
Flashlight	POS	5	it have the expect Maglite quality . I give this product five star . my wife be very happy with it and with the service provide by the vendor , whatever its name be .
Flashlight	POS	5	you can never find a bulb for the sear craftsman flash light . it blow they out if you bump the flashlight . waste time !!! spend a little $ get the DEWALT I have 3 -lrb- SEARS be way to much $ -rrb- Amazon have best price for bulb too ! 18 volt .
Flashlight	POS	5	when three tornado hit my board school , I come to realize the importance of a flashlight -lrb- which I didnt have at the time , unfortunately -rrb- . realize my error in not own such a essential item , I immediately go to the store and buy one . my family have own -lrb- and lose -rrb- numerous flashlight , and we mag lite be by far the best flashlight we have ever own . some flashlight go on and off as the battery jiggle around , die as soon as you drop they , or just be not make to live long . mag lite be definitely not these flashlight ! my minus Maglite have be drop , kick , stomp , squish , throw , everything ... and it still work great ! it be three year old now and still work like it do on day one . it do not suck battery dry , which be definitely a plus , and the light be constant . it do not flicker on and off if teh battery somehow shake . I love how you can change the beam to cover a large area or focus in on a small area . it be great for late night read in the dorm room . now I even own a small MagLite Solitaire for my keychain . it be very small but just as powerful . altogether , a great little flashlight and a excellent price .
Flashlight	POS	5	all the mag lite share solid aluminum construction and rubber o-ring seal .  what set the minus mag off from the other mag lite be its size -lrb- easy to hold with tooth while work under car , sink , etc -rrb- and one little known feature - `` candle '' mode . you adjust the beam focus by rotate the minus mag 's head , but if you continue turn the head pop off ; you be leave with the handle and the expose bulb , which be now throw light in all direction - it be a `` candle '' . flip the head over , place it on the ground\/table - it be now a `` candle holder '' . Stick the candle into the candle holder . instant candle for camping . -lrb- these direction be actually on the minus mag 's packaging , but it be not until I have buy my third minus mag -lrb- one for car , kitchen , daypack -rrb- that I notice . this be actually a great trick to show other minus mag owner ... they also throw they packaging away without look it . the larger mag light do not have this feature . -rrb-  two minus mag in the candle mode do a good job on a picnic table at night ... so get two of they ... they be cheap .
Flashlight	POS	5	the dw908 be a indispensable battery-powered portable and adjustable light that be vital to any garage - especially where use a plug-in drop light just will not work , and where you need both hand to complete the task at hand . the battery use in this light be the 18v lithium ion from DeWalt , and the lamp be very efficient = lasting hour between necessary recharge . I buy this as a gift for a friend , and the use it have already get be phenomenal .
Flashlight	POS	5	I use these bracket in the exist threaded hole of my BMW e90 trunk lid . the hole be for a reflective emergency triangle that do not come with my car . the spacing -lrb- use only one of the 2 hole in each bracket -rrb- be perfect for a 3 d-cell maglite . I even use the screw that come with the kit -lrb- although I 'll probably swap they for the proper thread bolt in BLACK to clean it up a bit . these bracket have just the right amount of grip and even a hard slam of the trunk lid do not dislodge the fairly heavy flashlight . the impression in the trunk lid will probably accomodate a 4 or 5 d-cell light if such a beast exist .
Flashlight	NEG	1	when it be first introduce the maglight be top of the line . now the maglight be year behind current lead flashlight technology . the light be well make , but the adjustable beam be very poor in quality . look for a flashlight with a textured reflector or a lead for a much better beam . Princeton tec and streamlight make much better function light for the money .
Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight to go with my other Dewalt 18v nicad battery collection . I do not use my tool that much so nicad be perfectly fine for I . the flashlight do as I expect . it provide pretty good light and the battery provide a good base for it to stand on . the battery life on it seem to be fine and I have have no problem with the bulb burn out . that be pretty much all I can say about this flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	I get the 4d lead mag-lite recently . I be very satisfied . it be deliver two day ahead of schedule , and the flashlight be awesome , durable , and bright . what more do you want ? my dad be always get these cheap flashlight ... he be go to be jealous when he see this . it be very nice , bright , and it make that satisfy `` click '' when you turn it on .
Flashlight	POS	5	in Japan this be the best item to examine pupil reflex for light and to see palate or tonsil .
Flashlight	POS	5	for the price , this be a very well build flashlight , dont expect too much light output from it tho . . I buy it mainly because I can simply attach it into my key chain so whenever I need some light , it serve its purpose I be surprise see ppl give it 1 star in term of the light output , what would you expect from a $ 5 flashlight that be the size of you finger ??
Flashlight	POS	5	this the second replacement battery pack I have purchase . what set this one apart be the price . most place want $ 40 , or more , for this battery pack . I still feel that a $ 10 to $ 15 price range would be fair . but , pay half price do make I feel better . beware beware beware I do not use the flashlight everyday , so when I try it for the second time , just past the thirty day return period , I find that it be defective . guess what nobody would warranty it !
Flashlight	POS	5	this light be pretty siick ... i buy it bcuz i be go to camp in like 2 week ... and i hear that mag-light be a good brand so i decide to get this ... it look nice and the light be a nice white beam
Flashlight	NEG	1	purchase this small led flashlight to try out for a all around toolbox , glovebox , field inspection light . I currently own two original 2d cell maglite and they be excellent , both 5-6 year old and great shape . I purchase the genuine Maglite LED upgrade kit for both of they and be very satisfied . Have have the same d battery in they for 1-2 year and they be still put out great light , so excellent battery life . for the small 2aa light , first the pro : the aluminum housing be solid , same quality as older maglite ; the lead light be actually brighter than my 2d lead maglite and i actually prefer the 2aa light as it be whiter , and if the control work well i would buy more of they ; the size be perfect . for the con : the control make this a very annoying product ; the twist on\/off be fine , but one small bump or a small twist of the front and it shift from high to low or to flash mode . twist control fine , but when you pick 100 % on it should stay that way unless you intentionally change it , not change with a mild touch . when inspect a building with colleague the last thing I want be a flashlight to start flash like poltergeist . I personally would prefer just on\/off , or on 100 % \/ on 50 % \/ off . the flash light and SOS mode for I be unneeded ; the 25 % mode be too dim to be useful , i would recommend 100 % \/ 50 % ; nextly , the end battery cap do not stay on tightly . my old maglite have to turn hard to tighten and they stay that way . this battery cap loosen easily and then actually switch the mode -lrb- 100 % to 25 % to flash -rrb- when it be loose ; lastly , i do miss the on\/off switch find on the 2d light . final word : frame quality , great . brightness , great . just need the old Maglite rock solid on\/off control . user tip : I actually put some white teflon plumber tape inside the thread of the battery cap and it stay much tighter . I also put teflon on the inside on\/off thread and it be harder to twist , so it do not switch mode by itself so easily . not sure how long it will last but worth a try .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be extremely strong enough to fight with it can be consider as a weapon . in fact i like it soo much as i buy this item and the black one also . recommend
Flashlight	POS	5	Great for a belt tool and daily use . need a rubber bottom for when you need to put it in you mouth when work so you do not chip a tooth . the 3 watt lead bulb be very bright .
Flashlight	POS	5	I have purchase this product twice now and it be the greatest thing for hang flashlight in just those place you need one in emergency . next to the heater in the basement , in the kitchen pantry , near the garage door , bedroom closet , etc. . no more need to try to find the one flashlight you forget where you leave it . . just hang one in each area . fantastic product .
Flashlight	POS	4	this be a wonderful flashlight , but I think that it be perhaps too expensive . I buy it on year ago , and I be think that I could have save some money if instead of buy this flashlight I would have buy a regular one -lrb- $ 20 -rrb- and rechargeable battery -lrb- $ 20-30 -rrb- . the bulb do not last too much -lrb- 5 month I think -rrb- . a positive thing be that cradle be a great idea . I be give to it four star because think that it be a wonderful piece , but I think that the price should be around $ 50 or $ 60 not $ 110 or so ...
Flashlight	POS	4	it carry a d cell flashlight well . what more can be say .
Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be well build , big and heavy . just like my junk . if I hit someone on the head with this flashlight they would be a do Tom turkey . just like my junk .
Flashlight	POS	5	have own several Mini Maglites because I always take it on trip and sometimes forget it be in the nightstand . they be build to last forever and I have always like the include spare bulb . this one advertise a `` New Multi-Mode Electronic switch '' for four function . I do not figure out that the ` switch ' be the normal collar because there be no instruction for this . go to maglite.com and watch the 38 second video to learn how to access the four funtion . maglite be still worth a premium price .
Flashlight	NEG	1	Poor beam , not even and weak . twist to open\/off . seem difficult to turn it on\/off with one hand . I do not think in a emergency everybody can have both hand to turn this flash on . when you get a focused beam then the head can pop off to become a candle light . I do not like this idea . high price , low run time . different color get different price . ridiculous ! I want to use it to to light up the laser marked chip . it do the job poorly even my $ 1 cheap flash from Fry 's can light up the laser mark for I to read . I be really disappointed and do not know how to deal with it . Ben
Flashlight	NEU	3	bulb work great but be not very bright . it replace a burn out bulb in a Sears Craftsman flashlight but be only about half as bright as the original . it be still usable .
Flashlight	POS	5	mount these in the rear of my Jeep Cherokee to hold my maglight . have do a amazing job for month now . just be gentle when insert and remove the flash light and it will not break like other reviewer
Flashlight	POS	5	to start , I be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but I be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the Mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . I prefer the classic aa design , where CA not you find aa ? I have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and I have never have one wear out on I . the bulb , however , be the Achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . I be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , I pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual Mini mag with holster , which I own close to six of , be a Nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , I have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , I get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . I would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . I have not try it , but it come with the LED , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . I have have these work perfectly even they have be through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
Flashlight	POS	5	buy this for my in-law . I have have the same light for over 15 year . I do go and purchase seperately the led bulb for it though . it do help with the battery consumption . I highly recommend this upgrade .
Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite flashlight battery replacement be the correct battery and I be very satisfied with the price and shipment .
Flashlight	POS	5	I be buy this as a replacement for the one I have . the new light be a better light than the one I have . my battery fit in this light better . the quality be great . if you need a long lasting and great quality light buy this one . I be very happy with this light . I have the drill and 2 battery plus the charger . the light help when work outdoor and in dark place . this light be very bright and the battery last a long time with out have to be recharge . need light this be it .
Flashlight	POS	5	outstanding value . the beam be very bright and outshine the vast majority of flashlight . a great tool for farm or ranch chore .
Flashlight	POS	5	I get this as a replacement bulb for my Ryobi 18V cordless flashlight . -lrb- I be surprised Ryobi do not have one -rrb- . it work well
Flashlight	POS	5	a very bright and clear light . the car charger make it perfect for travel\/camping .
Flashlight	POS	5	the AA Maglite be very bright for its size . with fresh battery , it have the potential to lighten up a moderate size room under very dark condition . Mine have be 100 percent reliable , even when drop several time . accident happen , and my Mini AA be all scratch up and beat up -lrb- the black finish have partially come off from be drop so often -rrb- , yet it continue to work -lrb- even when drop on cement from 5 foot up on multiple occasion -rrb- . the only part I have have to replace be the bulb . while not as bright as higher tech surefire and similar flashlight , the Maglite AA be the most reliable and toughest flashlight I have owneed .
Flashlight	POS	5	if you find yourself walk small dog after dark in coyote infested area , this be for you . just wrap it with ice hockey tape and you will be good to go !
Flashlight	POS	5	over the year I have own many maglite product always find they to be the best of the best as flashlight go .
Flashlight	NEG	1	I be very dissappointed with this item . do not last a day . the Streamlight Adjust-a-Clamp be vastly superior . stainless steel construction and it be CHEAPER too . my current streamlight set have be in heavy constant use in my truck for over 15 year . the rubber have wear off a few time but it still hold my flashlight ! customer who be unhappy with the mag instrument product should check out the streamlight clamp .
Flashlight	POS	5	the name Maglite have always be know as the industry standard . do not waste you time on cheap flashlight , spend the money on this min lead flashlight and you will always have a dependable flashlight on you . woman can use in they purse or bag , especiall at night to see car lock or house lock or problem at night . this flashlight be not only for man , keep it in you office drawer in case of power failure or at home or in you car .
Flashlight	POS	5	hey , for all you people read this out there ! if you look for a Mini Flashlight , then there be no better product then this ! I give this product 5 star because of it be quality , size , durability , and it be Lightweight ! it be great for light up those dark spot where you cant see . also a great present for kid !
Flashlight	POS	4	choose a different maglite flashlight , one with a lead blub . the other have a regular light blub , perfer the LED Blub
Flashlight	POS	5	c'mon , you know you have see police officer and security guard carry this thing . it be not just because it have a great beam you can adjust the intensity of ... it make a great defensive weapon , too ! learn the proper way to hold it and you 'll never feel uneasy try to track down the source of that strange sound in you backyard at 3am again . Trust the law enforcer 's choice ! the mag 3 d-cell rule the night !
Flashlight	POS	5	great size and light power . . I use flashlight for work and this 3 c battery model have be my favorite for year .
Flashlight	POS	5	this light have be awesome but after one year the battery suddenly be Dead . the replacement be around 22.00 so I guess in the scheme of expense , it be be overall a good deal . it be brighter that any maglite I have have
Flashlight	POS	5	I recieve the mag charger as a birthday present , worth every penny , very bright , very tough , recharge be so easy thanks to the charge cradle supply ... Mine pay for itself the first time the power go out . the battery pack with a full 16 hour charge last around 2 hour -lrb- constant on -rrb- ... the only `` complaint '' be the adjustment of the bulb -lrb- you have to center it yourself but be really not a big issue .
Flashlight	POS	5	while I have run into a flashlight that be slightly more waterproof than this one it be almost three time more expensive . in my humble opinion value be a major component of any design . for this reason , this flashlight rate a 5 . grasp this in you hand and you be immediately strike by its design in strength and careful manufacturing . the adjustable beam , which spread or focus the light expand the usefulness . narrow for read a map late at night or wide angle for walk down the lane . a spare bulb -lrb- a old concept that seem to have get lose until now -rrb- increase the likelihood that you will have light when you want it . mag take a simple product , add important feature and then use quality material and method to produce it at a very attractive price .
Flashlight	POS	5	high quality construction . bright for its size and reasonable battery usage for type of flashlight . what more can you ask for , consider the price ?
Flashlight	POS	5	Got this at Wally World for a little more than Amazon -lrb- last minute buy -rrb- for a camping trip . boy be I glad I buy this ! half we group be separate from we during the trip to the camp site and it be late . luckily I be the only person in we party that have any light for the first night and I use this to collect wood for a fire and get a fire go . ton of use for two battery and extremely bright and powerful for it be size .
Flashlight	NEG	2	I would have give this product 4 or 5 star until I read a certain review on this site . I be very happy with the performance of my dw904 12-volt until it go dead on I a week ago . just as this reviewer I speak of say , `` oh I 'll just replace the bulb '' , but that do not do it . think that maybe the switch go bad I take the light apart and bypass the switch but still no light . I promptly throw it in the trash in disgust because I really have not use it that much and I never abuse it . even so I plan on buy another dw904 think that mine must have have a defect , but now after read that another person have have the same problem with he , forget it . I 'll probably order a Milwaukee flashlight for I have recently purchase they cordless 14.4 to replace the noisy 12 volt Dewalt I have . -lrb- the one that the flashlight come with -rrb-
Flashlight	POS	5	work better than I expect . Super bright , easy to hold . brightness do not diminish with use as with my incandescent . last about 5hr of continuous use on a fresh pair of aa 2500mah rechargeable .
Flashlight	NEG	1	light wont stay on . after filing and sand all contact area it improve a little . I still have to bang it to stay on . very disapointed . flashlight from a dollar store be better .
Flashlight	POS	5	the ultimate flashlight . this be my 2nd as the first be destroy when the battery corrode . focus down to a pinpoint or widen out for larger area and extremely bright . can be use as a club to ward off attack dog or anyone bent on cause you harm .
Flashlight	POS	5	this be a really good light . it stay in the charger so it be always ready to go . focusable beam be a great feature . it be very bright .
Flashlight	POS	5	this item be the right size for the job and come with all the necessary accessory for both home and auto . I have use maglite product in the past and this be a keeper .
Flashlight	POS	5	my company buy one of these Mag Lights and I didnt expect much from a rechargeable light . wow be I wrong , this light be better than any dry cell flashlight ever make . this be more like a spotlight on a police car with 50,000 candle power . we use this light all the time in a industrial enviroment where it get greasy a lot , and this have lead it to be drop a time or two , none the less it have never fail to operate like new . . the rechargeable feature on this light be so handy . we just hang up the light at the end of the day in its cradle and it be ready for hard action the next day ...
Flashlight	NEU	3	the light be great when its working at full brightness . it will frequently go to a dimmer version of itself and I have to turn it off and on again to attempt to get it to settle back to full bright . it occasionally turn off right when I need it to be on . tighten the battery enclosure help a bit but not completely . I expect a lot better from MAGLITE . about 3 week after buy this light I find about $ 8 cheaper at one of the home center .
Flashlight	POS	5	I order one of these about a year ago for my husband who be work for a auto shop at the time . this flashlight have take a serious beating and still work just as well as the day i buy it . Maglite make the most durable flashlight in the industry at a price that will not break the bank . we be very pleased with this purchase !
Flashlight	POS	5	I once put my 3d cell black maglite flashlight on the closet shelf and i be leave the room and i hear a thud i go to turn on the flashlight and to my surprise it still work
Flashlight	POS	5	Got these a couple month ago , they be install in the trunk area of my jeep that see a lot of rough offroad terrain , even though they be make of plastic they be very durable and have yet to fail I . I have yet to even have the light fall out of the clip regardless of how rough the ride go . good price and good quality .
