Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Gloves	POS	5	I like these workout glove . they be nicely pad , which be important when use heavy weight or do thing like pushup on dumbell . glove be important when lift for prevent injury as well . I can not count how many time I have scrape , cut , pinch or nick my hand or finger just put weight on or take they off the bar . my hand be medium\/large and I buy large . I would not recommend a smaller size unless you hand be small\/medium .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove and they have hole in they in a three day . the stitching come out . they be crap . $ 25 for what ? if you actually work for a living just get a pair of regular leather work glove . these might be fine for weekend warrior but I be a landscaper and these glove just do not cut it . honestly , do not waste you money .
Gloves	POS	5	no complaint yet ! I have be work out with these for about 4 month now and have not have a problem . I go two size bigger than I think to be safe . at first they seem a slightly too large ... and I be worry ... but I think the conform to my hand , so now they fit perfectly . -lrb- I be originally think medium , but I go with XL and have be happy . -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	yes there may be gym glove that you can get for a couple dollar less , but the quality suffer by a lot . this pair of glove be not only stylish but they serve they purpose to the best .
Gloves	POS	5	I get my dad these glove for Christmas and he love they . he do a lot of carpentry and could not stop talk about how good these glove be ! he immediately ask I where i get they from so he could buy another pair , just so he 'll have they . be sure the read the other review in the other size .
Gloves	POS	5	these be excellent medium duty work glove ! soft and flexible enough to handle screw and bolt with out a problem , yet strong and durable leather palm and extra leather pad in the right area to protect you hand . the velcro on the elastic wrist band keep the glove in place . they fit like a second skin . the leather palm would provide some low heat protection , but the back be weave plastic so do not try welding with they . I personally wear these glove most of the time while I be work . do not just buy one pair ... but two or three !
Gloves	POS	5	I really love the price vs amount for these glove . I use they to dye my hair , not for any medical purpose . I still need to be able to have sensitivity in my finger and protection from the dye and bleach and these do a great job . if i ever run out of these -lrb- it will be a while ! -rrb- I will definitely repurchase
Gloves	POS	5	buy these for my wife , who be a consumate gym rat . she love they . great fit , no velcro closure on the back to get gross over time . a great example of little thing make a sport more enjoyable .
Gloves	POS	4	although I measure my hand as instruct and order the proper size -lrb- small -rrb- , I would have prefer a smaller glove -lrb- I know my finger be short , but the whole glove seem too large -rrb- . I wear the glove today for my workout and really like the resistance it add . better arm workout be a great deal for I ! plus I can relax my hand when use these glove rather than have to cup they or try to hold my finger taut in the stroke . for background , I be swim for fitness and to rehab from a knee injury . I think the glove would be great when I be sculling -lrb- and they be ! -rrb- . I can see that when I be able to swim crawl stroke , these glove will facilitate my forward momentum .
Gloves	POS	4	glove be great you might want to get one size up , if you do not it might take you a minute or two to take they off ... I wish I get large instead of medium .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be fantastic . be cheaper at the time to get from here instead of directly from the ironclad site . great glove . receive fast and in new condition .
Gloves	NEG	2	I think weightlifting glove be one of those item that you really need to try on before purchase . nevertheless the price be right on Amazon so I take the plunge only to find out that the size be not ideal . I be somewhere between a l and a XL , but the way these glove be make I do not think either would have fit I quite right . the glove look ok , but there be some strange sewing\/fabric near the finger that just irritated I enough to not want to wear they when lifting . ever since my wife make I start lift with glove to avoid those manly callouse I can not lift without they , but I much prefer the Nike strength glove which be make of a much thinner fabric and have a zipper to close as oppose to irritating velcro .
Gloves	POS	5	these be make for weight lifting , but I use they for motorcycle ride . good construction and good padding .
Gloves	POS	5	I be go to buy the velcro version of these but think I would try the fast fit glove as they be cheaper . im glad I do they fit really snug and stay on really well . they be well worth the price and I think be a better deal than the velcro one . make out of good material and really stand up to some rough work . they also allow you to work with smaller object unlike some work glove .
Gloves	POS	4	I use these glove daily , and they hold up to all the rough job I have to go and do .
Gloves	POS	5	we buy these to pound on a punch bag and they work great for it . I have never own glove before and would not know good from bad , but these do a great job at what we get they for !
Gloves	POS	4	I like these glove . there be plenty of padding , I use 108 wrap underneath and my hand do not hurt at all after beat hard on the bag for a hour . I get the 14oz pair . I do not have very big hand and they fit a lot better than most of the other glove I have try . the wrist strap be not the most secure , but these be good glove for the price .
Gloves	NEG	2	big deal . I , ve have better luck with weightlifter glove .2 week time and they start to unravel . the terry cloth for wipe sweat be a good idea though . hardly worth the 20 buck Ipaid for they .
Gloves	POS	4	Estos son lo guante que mas I gustan para nadar . Mucho mejore que lo aqua sphere . El asunto e que duran poco . Despues de una 50 ida a nadar , ya estan muy roto y hay que conseguirse otro . Tambien hay que tener cuidado con el tama & ntilde ; o. yo tengo manos grandes y solo I sirven bien el tama & ntilde ; o medium . Por el resto el producto e muy bueno , y comodo .
Gloves	POS	4	at first I be confuse at how many reviewer be recommend this product in order to create more drag and make one 's swimming workout harder ... I have have the opposite experience when I start use they : they actually make my freestyle feel a lot easier , almost like wear fin but for the hand ! of course , I be a swimming noob and klutz . I mean , I do know how to swim , but badly -- despite be able to run marathon , I can barely swim 50 meter without get completely wind . so , I be read a book call `` total immersion '' and try to improve my efficiency in the water . and every little `` training wheel '' help -- I use these fin , and then during the later stage of my workout -lrb- about 20 minute in -rrb- I use fin , and then as a cool-down , fin and a kickboard . these glove have be incredibly helpful in my slow but steady development . one of my longstanding fault have be failure to cup my hand by squeeze my finger together , thus lose traction in the water ... these glove solve that problem immediately ! so , for the swimming-incompetent like myself , these glove be really a godsend . EDIT 10\/23\/2011 : well , I have to say that these glove really be for conditioning you arm and shoulder ... take they off and you hand suddenly feel feather-light and swimming be much easier . I wear they only occasionally now ... they be the equivalent of wear wrist weight . yes you do move more water with each stroke but the glove create so much drag that you can not get in nearly as many stroke as when not wear they . so it just depend on what you want they for .
Gloves	NEG	2	glove serve purpose . I use they surf -lrb- occasionally -rrb- & you do notice much more power in each stroke . they do fill with water which make the a little cumbersome & heavy increase fatigue . I would not recommend these for swim training -lrb- pool -rrb- , I have use plastic hand paddle & they work far better , but , as say these provide grip when out on the surf board & keep you hand slightly warmer .
Gloves	NEU	3	product as picture , or so I think . glove be extremely comfortable . unfortunately the stitching be substandard and with less than 20 hour of use the thumb stitch be unraveling . this aside my biggest complaint be I assume that the same padding \/ insulation picture on top of the finger would also be on the thumb . there be no padding at all on the thumb make it extremely uncomfortable to do free weight curl , because you thumb be always chaff the inside of the dumbbell .
Gloves	POS	5	use they once so far to rotate tire , but difficult to conceive of use these for smaller bolt and part . they can protect you hand if that darn wrench slip !
Gloves	NEG	2	I have use Harbinger glove in the past , and recently get these . but I have to return they because the stitching at the wrist near the label pull away after two wearing , and it seem like other part of the stitching will do the same soon . they be also very small ; I get a XL base on my prior pair be XL , but these feel like m or l.
Gloves	POS	5	these be awesome ... exactly what I be look for , I use they in my swim arobic class & work beautifully ! I can feel it work my arm so much more than without . very good price too !
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove may be good for aerobic , but they only last my first 5 month of heavy bag training and some light spar before the seam start fall apart . the glove be fine to try to see if you like boxing , but for long term use look for a higher end glove , especially if you hit harder than a 60 year old woman .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great ! I use they for food preparation -lrb- raw meat , dice chili pepper , etc -rrb- and they have be excellent . many similar glove I have get in the past will have several glove that tear or break when I put they on , but none so far for I ! the only thing be the glove be a little large ; I order XL and wear XL for most other glove-related thing , and these glove be somewhat -lrb- barely -rrb- loose . I kind have expect glove to be a little more snug , so I guess I 'll buy l next time around .
Gloves	NEG	2	grant that handle pruning from fruit tree be a stress application for a work glove , but I be still disappoint that a seam in a finger fail on the third use . nice fit , very comfortable , but I be not go to buy another pair .
Gloves	POS	5	this be perfect for my need in the pool . I be use they for aqua therapy to increase strength . they help I stay move in water when swimming and help I with resistance when do arm exercise .
Gloves	POS	4	great product for bag class but no one say that the 16oz would be larger in size the the other boxing glove . I think someone suppose to mention that it would be bigger than the other glove in size and shape ...
Gloves	NEG	2	the quality of the item be decent but for my palm the pad be too thick . I have get small palm . when I do pool exercise I can not have good grip of the bar or dam bell so it fill uncomfortable . now I use Nike training glove which be very thin and thin one I keep for other time .
Gloves	POS	5	the product arrive in time frame describe and in great condition . the glove be of great quality , especially for the low price . they be great for everyday boxing and practice , not so much for actual hardcore combat . Great buy !
Gloves	POS	5	I have large hand and I do not know if they would fit , and they fit very good . I have already wash they and they come out fine . I will be buy more in teh future .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove for heavy bag training and Krav Maga . they be excellent ! it will take a couple hour on the bag to ` break they in ' just because the outside material will be tight be new . the padding be enough to protect the hand no matter how hard you hit , as well as for light sparring . only con be that you hand will heat up quickly in these unless you take they off every so often . I would recommend not tighten the velcro all the way unless you be seriously fight or spare .
Gloves	POS	5	I be take a water Fitness Class , and do Deep-Water walk . I love these glove , they create a great resistance in the water for a really good workout . I be not sure what size to buy -lrb- I be a woman -rrb- and I buy a medium . I even go to the Speedo site to look at the size chart first . either I measure my hand incorrectly , or they run a little big . I think they be Unisex , so I probably should have order a small . it be not a huge deal , but since they cost less on Amazon than they do at most Sporting Good Stores , you may even want to try they on at the store for the correct size .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be play hand percussion , i.e. congas & bongos , for about two year . in all that time I have play with no glove , mainly because other player say playing with glove on be for sissy . well , for I it actually become a necessity to use glove because of medication I have to take . I have to be on blood thinner for the rest of my life , so I bruise very easily . I notice that I be start to bruise my hand every time I would play . my doctor advise I to either quit playing or get some type of protection for my hand . stop playing be not a option for I . I have be play music for my entire life , so I buy the glove . and they be perfect . I do not notice any difference in the sound of the drum with the glove on , and my hand be not bruise anymore . I still tape my fingertip with surgical tape in addition to the wear the glove . I be get good sound and my hand be protect . for anyone who be on blood thinner , these glove be the perfect solution to any bruising problem you may have . Rock on !
Gloves	NEU	3	I get this from my local 24Hr Fitness . they look ok and make to be sell for $ 15 . however , be careful with the size . I find that size l be too small for my hand , but since my gym only have they in large size , I try all of 7 they they have in stock and find that 3 pair label large fit my hand comfortably and 4 pair label large do not fit at all . so , I be glad I do not get it from the internet . my left glove be cut the web between the ring finger and middle finger . I be hope some more use to it should make it comfortable . overall , they will do the job and not bad at all at this price . just be prepare to deal with incorrect sizing .
Gloves	NEG	2	I follow the size chart provide on the web page and order small , but now I can barely put they on and barely take they out -lrb- the take out be so annoying -rrb- . they will be a good present for my friend that have small hand !
Gloves	POS	4	I be only do kickboxing and the glove work great for I ! no complaint . I go almost everyday and they have hold up fine .
Gloves	POS	4	I order these speedo glove to replace some older one I be use that have a side zipper . the velcro be much easier to use but unfortunately the `` small '' with velcro be much bigger than the `` small '' I have with zipper . they be usable but definitely on the large size . when I compare the two , these be at least a 1\/2 inch larger in length and width . a extra small would have be appreciate but it be not offer .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be work out 5 time a week for a little over a year . at first , the callouse be nothing , and actually welcome , due to the fact that I have a white collar job and have hand comparible to a baby before I start lift . however , after a while when you hand be stiff as board , and callouse peel off and bother you , you start look at alternative . that be when I come onto these glove via trusty Amazon . they be not bulky at all . they seem to be make of very high quality material . after a couple week of heavy use , there be no sign of any wear and tear . I expect to go through they much faster , but they appear to be build to last . the grip be definitely welcome , but they have accomplish the goal I buy they for . my callouse be already visible smaller , and I have not have they dry up and peel off in about a week . so , if you be look for a very reasonably price pair of workout glove , I would recommend wholey . great product .
Gloves	POS	5	I get this for my dad as a gift or possibly more of a replacement . I pretty much destroy the cheap glove that we use for work on car . these be beyond in the difference in quality . these glove be awesome !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be incredible ! I buy they because of the price for my Halloween costume , but they end up be so great I have be wear they regularly . incredibly soft leather with a nice cushy lining . love 'em !
Gloves	NEG	1	i buy a set from the local auto store and they last I less than a month at work , i be at 3 day shy of a month on these glove and my thumb index and middle finger on both hand be tear through , and my left ring finger be almost there as well , i buy these in hope they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar one that only last a month and these be actually worse ! i be a tire installer and i put in 40 hour of nothing but glove and these just do not hold up ! i will say if you do light work they may be great as they be comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of item and not lose you ability to handle !
Gloves	NEG	2	when compare to  Valeo Ocelot Lifting glove  I buy both pair and I think the Valeo be far superior . the 3\/4 finger length be wonderful , they be softer leather , and have more cushioning than these harbinger . unfortunatly the Valeos have the same size issue as these , so read the review to find you correct size , do not count on the size chart . -lrb- for Valeo , large be a perfect fit for my 8 '' circumference hand , take around the palm , under the knuckle -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	4	title say it all . I buy the x-large -lrb- that be my normal glove size -rrb- but should have purchase the large -lrb- the glove stretch slightly -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	Speedo Aqua Fit train Swim Gloves  material : durable , easy to put on . adjust wonderful , smoothly , tight to you hand with close a easy magic zip -lrb- provide you choose right size for you hand -rrb- Mantainance : easy . I only water they with tap water after training and hold they in clothing line to dry . training : this be the only difficult part : they get really heavy as they get wet ; plus the flap between finger ; it make I to push and pull harder . you feel the effort in you upper arm and shoulder but that be what you be look for : be it not ? after you wear they for some couple of hundred meter and you take they off and keep swim you will understand what I be try to explain . important : you maintain you regular stroke as they fit as a natural glove to you hand . it be not like paddle that be hard material and force you -lrb- without you notice -rrb- to change the way you should keep you hand , angle , elbow , forearm , and so on in each step of you stroke . at the end , you really strengthen the muscle you need for a harder and more effective stroke . I do really recomend this product . Rafael -lrb- master h -rrb- Caracas - Venezuela
Gloves	POS	5	the item picture be inaccurate in case you be wonder . there be two main type of Everlast pro style training glove . one style be slightly larger and softer for beginner . if you want these , look for glove whose hook and loop velcro be the SAME color as the glove . the other style , feature in this review be for advanced striking and be smaller and more compact . these glove have a gray hook and loop or a color other than that of the glove -lrb- unless the glove itself be gray -rrb- . both glove weigh the exact same but the regular pro style glove have more room for hand wrap , and be usually a few buck more . I have progress from one glove to the next in a little under a year , and I would recommend start with the regular because its design to be safer .
Gloves	NEG	1	I order the same size as my last pair and these must have be mis-tagged because they be so small I could not wear they .
Gloves	POS	5	it be very difficult to find rubber glove in child 's size . Amazon have they ! I have buy 2 box of 100 . my 5-year old niece use they for craft and when she help with housework . very cute ! I recommend these colorful glove .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my first pair of work-out glove I ever buy . I do not mind have callus on my palm all that much . but eventually I start lift weight with 90 + lb per dumbbell . the problem be that the dumbbell bar have a ridge like surface that begin to literally cut at my skin on my finger . hence , I spend more energy fight off the pain then lift weight and the productivity decrease , obviously . I get these glove size large since that be what my other glove be . however , I immediately notice that while my palm be very well protect and pad , the skin over the middle and most distal finger joint space be uncovered and the bar continue to rip my skin . I highly recommend go a size larger that normal , consider they 'll shrink with wash anyway . overall , these be definitely worth the cost !
Gloves	POS	5	buy these , I love they . but , do size down as they run bigger than normal . I wear a lady large in glove usually , so the medium fit I perfectly . they really work and help with my workout in the pool .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be purchase for a little bit of home repair and mechanical work . they be very well padded and seem to have the same quality as glove sell in Home Depot for 19.99 . also like all glove , they all tend to wear down , I would personally by two pair and save myself from have to order they again later .
Gloves	POS	5	for $ 26 -lrb- what I pay -rrb- you can not beat these bag glove with a stick . sure , if you be a professional boxer and be plan on use you bag glove hour a day then spend a lot more on glove make for professional would make sense . I have use these a few hour a week ever since I get they and they be hold up just fine and be very comfortable and easy to put on and take off .
Gloves	POS	4	harbinger make great training glove . the Harbinger pro -lrb- man 's -rrb- be good quality , offer a comfortable fit , and get the job do . my previous pair last for year before finally fall apart . not a lot of support in this model , just protection and comfortable grip . the only issue be that the size seem off . I have a medium size hand and order man 's medium . what I get be label medium but seem really small . exchange for the large and it fit fine ... would probably be fine for a slightly larger hand too , but fine . not sure if this be unique to this model or just this scenario , or if Harbinger 's glove tend to run small .
Gloves	NEG	1	the glove work for the fist few week , say 3 week . soon after that the finger tip start to rip and peel off , keep in mind I be very active handle package with UPS so i would know best . my fingertip be expose and no longer protect , every package i handle keep sliping and hit the ground . not strong or havy duty . it be not even that . not worth the money .
Gloves	POS	5	I have have these glove for about 6 month now , and they work great . I have no complaint . they do not smell , and they fit well . my hand no longer get blister . Aaahhhhh . = -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	I really like these Handyman glove , they meet all my comfort and protection need . they be stylish and well make , from seam to finish . nothing fancy , but have all the extra protection and padding in the right place . durable through small gardening thorn , home diy project , yard work , and carry everything from CMU brick , rebar , wood panel and building material , mine take a lot of abuse and hold up well even through a whole day work . compare to the Craftsman and Mechanic brand in the same price range , these be better in quality , padding and comfort . they fit very well , I often forget they be on , I can grab smaller nail off the floor , my key or phone out of my pocket and adjust my safety glass with ease . best unnoticed feature be they breath well , no sweaty mark through the leather glove . I look forward to use they , almost challenge what it can not do . good for basic abuse , they be not kevlar or cut resistant , I would not take a hammer against it either , but I be sure will help against the normal 2x4 wood board or brick hit to the hand . the price make this the best glove for I , I be get another couple for the car and spare . make I want to try the upper level glove for extra protection . awesome job clc !
Gloves	POS	4	these glove indeed deliver solid protection from cold , wind and water while work outdoors in cold climate . they have stand up to the various demand of snow-blower operation , snow shoveling , dog-walking and snowball\/snowman packing during a unusually cold winter . you will not be do any work require precision movement of you finger though ; they be rather bulky . get the dog 's leash on and off the collar be about the finest task I could complete with confidence while wear these . if you need more precision -lrb- and the condition permit -rrb- , consider Ironclad 's  Ironclad 's Tac-Ops model
Gloves	POS	5	these glove work great and be perfect and at the best price for vinyl powder free glove . they dont tear or leak perfect fit . totally recommend these glove for the application of color and relaxer .
Gloves	POS	5	I have have a pair of these for three year now and highly reccomend they . I be a avid outdoorsman ... fishing , work in the yard , and a hell of alot of hunting in the fall and winter ... these thing be tough as nail while still allow a decent amount of dexterity ... enough to eaily and accurately re-load any firearm . they be not warm , but they protect you hand better than any glove I have ever worn ... 3 year and go strong . by far the best work glove on the market
Gloves	POS	5	this be my third pair of ironclad glove . I use the other two very hard and be amaze at the durability . they feel like no other glove out there . I be so impressed with the glove that I be go to buy a lot for Christmas present . good job Ironclad . finally a good glove that I can wear all day .
Gloves	POS	4	I have only use they for a few casual project around the garage and around the yard . they fit well , stay on well , and be comfortable . no problem grip small item , pick up nut and bolt . better suit for the garage than for yardwork . Rose thorn etc. , go through they pretty easily , but that be not what they be design for . good value .
Gloves	NEG	2	I agree totally . these glove absorb water like a magic chamoix . if it be 30deg out and the sun be beat on something that melt some frost or a little snow and you accidentally touch it , poof , glove absorb water and start to deep chill you hand . these do not dry overnight in the house either . another complaint be they make you sweat badly . it be like water can easily get in but sweat be not allow to go the other way . other than that these be decent glove . I have own a dozen different ironclad glove over the year and they be slowly show I that I be in idiot for overspend time after time on they high performance glove . my old-timer boss just laugh when I show he my latest $ 30 work glove I be afraid to use . UPDATE : I use these glove on a 25 degree , dry day chainsaw tree wrap in multi-flora -lrb- wild rose that grow insanely fast -rrb- . they work great protect I from thorn poke and keep my hand comfortable . one extra star be give back to these guy .
Gloves	POS	5	Bach Instrument Polishing Gloves , Silver use a polish cloth to clean one of my silver plate trumpet require hold the horn with one hand , which leave finger print . with these glove , you can handle or polish a instrument without actually touch it ; hence , no smudge . the glove can do the actual polishing , but they will not stay white for long do that . my preference be to hold the instrument with a gloved hand and a polish cloth in the other . these glove be far superior to polish mitt , since you can not get a secure grip on you horn use a mitt . these be stretch glove , with no size mark on they . they seem to be a men size large , although my xxl -lrb- size 12 -rrb- hand stretch the glove to a perfect fit , include the finger . my wife 's hand be average size for a woman and these glove be way too big for she . there be no left or right glove ; each can be use for either hand . if you have a silver plate instrument and you hand size be large or greater , you should be happy with this product . Quality be excellent .
Gloves	POS	5	for such a great price , I have no complaint . no surprise and they do what they advertise . ca not go wrong here .
Gloves	POS	4	fit well , be comfortable . the big plus and minus be that these do not have the velcro wrist closure like the original . . this mean they be easier and more convenient -lrb- and hence more likely to be use -rrb- . . the minus be the minor possibility of debris enter at the wrist . . buy these . .
Gloves	POS	5	I wear they all the time now when do any type of work around the house . not quite the same dexterity with small item -lrb- screw , etc -rrb- as bare hand , but pretty close . well worth the money from my perspective .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove really work great for what I need . we have a lot of brush -lrb- include thorn -rrb- that I be clear out . these glove help protect my hand even from the thorn . Great make product !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit great . I also purchase the true grip insulate glove and the Ironclad be MUCH better -lrb- although more expensive -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	I have get to highlight these as quality glove . the leather here be soft , flexible , and properly place . the material do not shrink in the wash .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy this for my husband and it end up better than what we expect . he be very happy with this product . not only be it perfect but they ship it out and the next day it arrive here !! a +
Gloves	POS	4	I have one month use these glove and do not have any complain about they , very confortable , clean , look to be resistant , nice price ... in conclusion , very nice boxing glove
Gloves	NEG	2	I be a carpenter from Upstate New York . I would not recommend these glove for cold condition . I have find when the temperature get really cold they be useless . I have to get a warmer glove . they be especially cold if they get wet . you hand be dry but cold . I have find they be good in temperature above 15 degree , but for a winter glove you would expect better . they seem to be make alright , but after two day some of the thread have pull out . we shall see how they hold up . so far after three week , they be still hold up with no more problem with the thread . I think this problem come with the job though .
Gloves	POS	4	I have have these glove for about a year and use they 3-4 time a week . I would say that they be the standard by which all glove be set . the padding be perfect . the construction be good -lrb- but not as good as the previously all gray model -rrb- . the fit be outstanding . they be easy to break in . one of my old problem with the cheaper glove be the palm padding tend to fold over time cause pain when lift heavy . these glove cure the problem . the padding be top notch . it be not too much or too little . the only problem be with the smell . I know glove need to be wash , but these need to be wash very frequently as the leather be more porous than usual and tend to absorb the sweat a lot as oppose to the cheaper glove . they color bleed in way that you can not even imagine , so make sure that they be wash on they own . one thing that I will note be that they be get better . the previous all gray version be much worse than these on that front . if you can handle this problem , they be absolutely perfect . these glove be about double the price of cheap glove , but the difference be in comfort . if comfort matter , buy these .
Gloves	NEG	1	present image be completely misguide . image show circular forney logo , white band below wrist , and light gray over hand and top wrist . what i recieved be a pair of gray welding glove line in black with a single word Forney Logo on the top wrist . if i know they would be like this i would never have buy they . these be completely Gray and the image do not show black lining .
Gloves	NEG	2	this show glove with a velcro wrist . what I recieve be two pair with zipper . the zipper be very low quality and more suit for doll clothes than athletic equipment . the zipper pull break after a few month of use and I have to sew the sipper shut . I would not recommend these cheaply make glove .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be look for glove like this for year , warm tough and a really good fit . I be in the construction business and therefore be force to be out in the worst possible condition , I hate winter but these glove make it a little more tolerable . the best I have ever own by a wide margin . I also drive a Tundra so they be even more appropriate . I might just buy a pair for each employee and put a stop some of the whining .
Gloves	POS	4	a pretty good pair glove with comfortable padding . it be tight enough to be able to train comfortably . the color on the inside of the glove have fade already after about 10 session . I really do not care much about the color though as long as it do not rip .
Gloves	POS	5	great product for add to you water aerobic workout . you can really feel the difference . I use they in water aerobic and while walk lap in the pool . if you use they often , get two pair for the free shipping as the pool water really eat these up .
Gloves	NEU	3	these do enhance the arm workout , but I have never get use to my hand feel hot while swim . I be go to try other design , because I just do not use these as much as I hope I would .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be wonderful ! but the shipping process be somewhat odd . when I view the tracking info , there be as ups-style tracking number but it say that USPS be deliver . this be confusing and misleading , but UPS say that they hand it over to the post office . never hear of a occurrence like that before , but let 's talk about the product . they be brand new and have a wonderful brand new smell to they , the packaging be completely professional and it come with a netted zip up bag that can be easily hang up in a locker or a closet . at the time of order the 16oz . glove be the only one available , so they be kind of big but they fit my hand very well and very comfortably . I be in the light-heavy\/heavyweight class , but these glove will fit any weight class . not include child and really small people . these glove would be good for practice , sparring , hit the heavy bag or even for professional fight . do I mention how well these glove fit ? they be make for almost any hand size unless you be a giant . I love these glove already and they be much better than my old 12oz . Everlast glove because I can put they on by myself and not have to worry about wrap my wrist for a snug fit . you really feel like a champion with these on . I wish I could wear these glove all day . I have a bad wrist from a bike accident that occur earlier this year , but the padded velcro wrist strap be so comfortable it be like the minor ache and odd feeling just go away . the item look just as it do in the photo , and I can say that these glove be money well spend . now all I need be a reliable spar partner , hand wrap , mouth guard and some headgear . wonderfully design quality product , highly recommend and a big thank you to Everlast . this be the gear that a countless number of champion use ! 5\/5 .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be excellent . I teach a cardio boxing class and need something with good padding to protect my knuckle . these glove deliver just that . they be comfortable and be a good weight . they do have a strong odor , but it be not noticeable for long .
Gloves	NEG	1	buy these glove . no wrist wrap and there be no wrist support whatsoever . try use these to bench press - better off with glove that have wrist wrap . would not buy another pair and would not recommend they to anyone .
Gloves	NEG	1	absolutely do not buy these glove . at least not from Rogers Goods . not 1 hour after i start use the glove to rake the leaf off of my driveway the stitch on the back of 3 finger , 2 on one glove and 1 on the other , that connect the fabric to the leather have completely fall out . the glove be no longer stitch together so its pointless even try to use they again . the glove also give off a horrible musty odor like they have be sit around for 10 year . keep in mind the stitching be on the back of the glove , like where nothing would usually be rub on they , seem like a good design but these basically fall apart in my hand .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these for my dad for father day and he swim every morning during the week , these help to get he shoulder back up to par after he surgury and make swim a total workout , def . worth the purchase
Gloves	NEU	3	the Haringer pro FlexClosure glove be ok at best . the size guide be not very accurate . get the glove on and off be not very easy . also , the glove cut into the finger 's webbing so it be not very comfortable . get the glove at you local Walmart would be cheap and of good quality .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy a pair of these for a week long snorkele trip . I think they help I get around in the water quite a bit . I use the size chart on the Speedo website to get my size . I would say if you in-between size on the chart to choose the smaller size as they may run a little big .
Gloves	POS	5	the fast fit glove perform very well . I just complete two hour of very detailed work with many small part , some part needle size . I be able to complete all work without remove the glove . excellent .
Gloves	POS	4	I pick up these glove a few year ago and I be still use they . they primarily help I with gardening , yardwork , and light construction . the leather on the finger have start to wear out , but they be still quite usable . the fit be accurate and snug ; exactly what you want in a pair of glove whose main goal be to reduce wear\/tear and filth on my hand . I have since purchase a separate pair of ironclad for heavier duty use and for operate equipment -- I be just as pleased if not more so with they -- ironclad make some quality product !
Gloves	POS	4	I have own a pair of Harbinger glove before so I be not concern about the size . I like these a lot , nicely pad , fit well . I have not try to wash they yet - so we 'll have to see how that work out . so far , I can recommend they .
Gloves	POS	4	I have use these Speedo Aqua Fit train swim glove for about a week and compare to my previous product with the flimsy nylon top , these baby be substantial . you clearly feel the add pull effort in you shoulder and lat . I measure my palm and I select the medium size . unfortunately the thumb be make for a different primate than I ... LOL . I should have select the large size glove . I can still use they but the construction of the web\/thumb interface negate the benefit of measure you palm as the basis for size . they be make of thick neoprene . I 'll wear these until they wear out then I 'll order a Larger size . I also go with the bright yellow glove as one reviewer think they seem to be construct more solidly . I do not think that have much to do with the thumb\/web issue describe . I can move through the water with normal swimming or use they with my stationary workout in my exercise pool while tethered via a swim belt without any noticeable `` ballooning '' of the glove . they be snug . perhaps they will stretch a little with time . I dry they on a round plastic container for slight stretch . these glove be a excellent value . great offering by Amazon !
Gloves	POS	5	it be a very good protection for my join , ` where i get hurt most of the time . however , this be not 4 sparring , trust I on this .
Gloves	POS	5	these be awesome glove . they take a good day 's work to break they in but after that it be just like have a second skin . dexterity be great and will still protect you from bust knuckle , scrape and cut . ship be fast as well
Gloves	POS	5	I have be tie several glove , and this be just perfect . very comfortable , easy to use , light . the union of the different fabric be perfect . you hand can breath easily through the glove . you hand be never go to be hurt or be go to stay soft because you skin be very well protect .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for my dad ... he have be want some glove for work outside as he be get blister on he palm . so far he be very happy with they ... they fit he nicely . he have big hand and work outside a lot ... they have a lot of pad on they and move well as well . the only thing I dont like be that they kind of look like motorcycle glove !
Gloves	NEU	3	ironclad tundra I do like these glove they do keep you hand warm as you working . if you be stand still not as great . I have wear they in about 20 to 40 degree weather and they have work well . in wet condition the grip be not as great as I expect . I test the glove in a bucket of water and the glove fail the test . I have yet to use they in heavy rain condition after that . they make work alright in light rain condition for awhile but I do believe you will get wet . I be find out you best bet in stay dry be the atla 460 pvc line glove . pvc be about the only thing that will truly keep the water out . you will sweat in these glove be well line I would suggest planning on have a fan to dry they out overnight for the next day work . . liner do pull out a little when you hand be wet . a little bulky hard to use with small control . as I start use they in wet condition the glove do not really have good grip and traction I think they would . I like the knuckle padding help to protect my hand in the condition I work in . I think these be decent glove but I will not buy another pair .
Gloves	POS	5	I love these glove they fit well and there be not a lot of extra material around the finger . and they be very comfortable .
Gloves	POS	4	I enjoy how these glove last for quite some time with all the work i do throw freight -lrb- stock shelf -rrb- they have save my hand from turn into hamburger .
Gloves	POS	4	seem to be a substancial product - time will tell - product be one month old this review -
Gloves	POS	5	I work with alot of cardbord and it drye out my hand , and be realy rough on my hand , the glove have good grip and prevent my hand from be cut up .
Gloves	POS	5	these pair of glove be great . they feel and fit greatly and most importantly protect nicely . one thing I have notice though , that the palm lining on the outside of the hand be a little off , as if the gray lining cover a little more on the side . nothing serious though : -rrb- still they be great quality , great overall glove .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be in construction and need to wear glove . these glove fit and be comfortable while work , and I use they more often than regular leather glove . the drawback , though , be that while the tip last longer than regular glove the side of the finger tear apart after only 2 month . I think that for the price , I be better off buy leather glove .
Gloves	POS	4	this glove fit very well and be comfortable to wear . it seem to breathe relatively well and can be secure by the velcro strap . I be very happy with mine , for purpose of a everyday workout glove . would recommend .
Gloves	POS	5	these welding glove do what they be suppose to . I just start use they so I can not speak to long-term durability but they feel as strong as any other leather welding glove I have use . when put they on for the first time , they be very comfortable and fit pretty well . I normally wear size l glove . I hope this help because I be use they for welding and not for a costume . I guess I can not blame they though , if I be shop for something , I would want what I see in the picture . in my case , my glove be the same color as what be picture ; maybe just a tad darker .
Gloves	POS	4	if you be get this , get it one size larger . make sure its large enough to cover the middle of you finger . Mine be very small so im not too happy with it . but i guess it be my fault . overall , it work pretty good . I do not get callus anymore .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these to work in the yard . I find they really comfortable and have a good grip . I have go through a lot of standard leather yard glove but I be changingto expand option like this . they be even good for pull larger weed .
Gloves	POS	5	this be a replacement pair for the original speedo swim glove that have a zipper on the side . the other pair I use for over five year in a morning water work-out class three day a week . the glove really help to build the back and arm muscle . these new one have a velcro closure instead of a zipper fit but stay on firmly throughout the class . I definitely get my money 's worth on the last pair and if these last near as long I 'll be thrill .
Gloves	POS	5	i have be use it for a long time and yes its a great product and recommend other to buy it . you may find quality little bit low but in this price its really worth to have one for the work out . remember to order one size up than you usual size , so large equal to XL .
Gloves	POS	4	I be a light heavyweight athlete and this glove have be great . they look pretty nice too . they protect you hand well when punch a heavy-bag . I would definitely recommend it ! great price too .
Gloves	POS	4	I use these whenever work out with my free weight . they definitely save you hand from blister and a lot of other wear and tear . I would recommend they .
Gloves	POS	5	so far , work outside in the yard , work on the mower , haul off scrap metal they have protect my hand ! I shall see about the poison ivy which I touch today ?????
Gloves	POS	5	great glove . love wear they during my workout and not get my hand tear up . quality seem up to par and they feel sturdy . highly recommend .
Gloves	NEU	3	these glove fit great and they allow you to do detail work that usually can not be accomplish with other type of work glove . the design be very well think out , with the soft backing and extra grip on the finger .  but ... I have rip two seam after use they for only 2 month . and I do not even use they for the really sloppy work like move wet firewood around or lift concrete paver . for the price , one would expect better durability .
Gloves	POS	5	I love these glove . Easy to put on and take off . the padding be superb and very protective .
Gloves	POS	5	I box recreationally and be advise to get the 14 oz glove since I be about a 110 lb\/5 ' 4 '' female and be look to increase my endurance and strength . the fit be great , the weight be perfect for bag punching -lrb- a bit too heavy in my opinion for spar -rrb- . Snug fit , secure fastening , and fantastic price . would recommend to anyone currently try to get back into training
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be a little small , so I get a larger pair . the larger pair be the right size , but the finger be a little long . this make it a little discomfort when you squeeze a bar . but its minor . not a big deal , but that why I give they a 4 instead of a 5 . other than that they be nice and good quality . would recommend .
Gloves	NEG	1	I move 1000 + box everyday for my job . I receive these glove yesterday . not even 1 hour into my shift the synthetic hex-grip begin to fall apart ! obviously these glove be not for box handling ...
Gloves	NEG	1	my purchase of Speedo Aqua Fit train Swim Gloves be a dud . the glove begin fray at the fingertip end almost immediately . before two week have elapse , one glove be splitting at the thumb-to-index finger line of stitching . unusual wear be show on a pair my friend just purchase that he have use for two week . both pair must be return to Amazon . Len
Gloves	NEG	2	this be my first attempt at lift glove , so I do not have a lot to compare it to . but these glove be a disappointment . they be both too loose and too tight . my hand be about medium length for a guy , but they be kind of petite and small with regard to width of palm and digit . I buy these glove in extra-large . they be too small in that they kinda pinch the webbed skin in between each finger . they be kind of painful . and they be too big overall , lot of extra fabric , all over . they be just too big for I . I do not believe there be any size of this harbinger glove that would fit my hand . on the positive side , the Harbinger glove have a -lrb- somewhat -rrb- grippy material on the palm that will help you get a better grip on the weight . this be good , because it feel kind of scary holding weight when I can not feel they like I use to . I hate lose the sense of touch that come from wear no glove . but the callus be get to be a problem . the biggest problem with these glove , though , be they basic design . when you bend you hand to hold a bar , you have all this extra fabric that bunch up at the intersection between you palm and finger . the solution , of course , be to find a glove that come pre-bent , so that you can not easily flatten you hand , but when you bend you hand and finger around the bar , there be not any extra fabric to bunch up . today a buy a new pair of glove at my gym . they be `` Valeo Ocelot Lifting Glove '' size medium . these be really comfortable and actually fit my hand . the inside of the glove feel great . one problem be that the palm side of the glove have no grippy material , so it be hard to get a great grip on the bar . that make I really nervous , because lose you grip on the bar could be disastrous . and these Valeo glove have the same problem as the Harbinger glove - when you bend you hand around the bar , all this extra fabric bunch up at the intersection between you palm and finger . this really mess up my ability to get a good grip on the bar . so , the Valeo glove be a much better fit than the Harbinger glove . but neither be great . I need to find a `` pre-bent '' glove with a great grippy material , and less fabric overall to bunch up . if you know of one , please comment . thanks .
Gloves	POS	5	I be very pleased with the quality of this product . the delivery be very quick as well . I highly recommend this product who want to incorporate hit the heavy bag into they cardiovascular routine .
Gloves	POS	4	I have own these glove for about a month . I have swim with they about 100 lap per week . they be comfortable and extremely functional . guess the size be really the only dilemma in purchase they . it be good to err on the side of larger than you think .
Gloves	POS	5	this be probably the best glove for light weight lifting and intermediate level ... it fit perfectly but I think you better try it at the sport store before you purchase it to ensure the right size ... I love this glove and I use it 5-7 time a week ... Great buy
Gloves	POS	5	I order the large accord to they size chart and the fit be just perfect . snug but not tight . they flex well with my hand and provide adequate padding . only thing i can say bad about they be the padding in the finger make it a little difficult to hold on to do reverse curl with palm face out . but then i just take the glove off or hold extra tight . a excellent pair of lift glove . highly recommend . : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	these be good everyday gardening glove but not up to really heavy-duty use . I be mostly look for something that would fit comfortably for casual garden chore , and these do . but for those of we with big paw , it would be nice if a larger size be offer . I do not expect these to last more than a year with sporadic gardening project . so far , so good .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use these glove for a month and have be hope they would stretch out some . they have stretch out some over time but not enough . I read the review before I purchase they and see all of the comment about how small the glove be so I order a xxl size even though I be typically and XL . upsize the glove 1 size be not enough for I because these glove and too be still too small . they be very well build and should be very durable , the size just stink . if you be consider buy these glove you should upsize they 1 - 2 size .
Gloves	POS	4	I use this pair of glove for Muay Thai pad training , and work the heavy bag in training , and I find that these glove be very comfortable , and I really enjoy the fact that the glove be quite breathable , and I definitely like 14oz . weight . I find that it be a good in-between glove for the fighter weight , and the heavy bag weight style . overall , this glove be a very comfortable and good quality glove .
Gloves	POS	5	I have a clarinet grow up and i love to play , well i retire my old one and have be talk about get another one but just never get around to it . well for christmas this year 2010 i get a new one . i love it . it sound great , play well and i love the color . music be my life and i cant wait to pass tih on to my daughter when she get to the age to play !
Gloves	POS	5	ever since I first try on Harbinger glove , I say that I would never ever try another brand glove . my older Harbinger glove -lrb- harbinger 133 -rrb- last for a very long time and be so comfortable . this time , I pick the harbinger 143 pro . when I first put it on , I think I have to return they because it feel so tight even though my older glove be medium as well . just beware that it will feel pretty tight when you first put it on . then I work out with they and that break they in nicely where it feel comfortable . it feel nice and comfortable , look great and appear to be high quality where it would last a very long time . PS . my older glove have shorter finger length like the Harbinger 138-flexfit so I have more `` feel '' and less bulk . the Harbinger 143-pro have 1\/2 finger length so that it protect more of you finger better . I do not realize until after I buy they . do you want better feel or more protection for finger ? something to think about . I give these glove a 4.5 out of 5 star .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove work great . I have be lift with they everyday for about 3 week now , and so far be very pleased . they breathe very well . the only complaint I have be a minor one , they be somewhat difficult to get off , especially once you get kinda sweaty . not a big deal for I though because I put my glove on at the start of the workout and do not take they off until I be do , but if you be the type who take the glove off and on I suppose it might be a consideration .
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be good entry level glove , I see many people give they five start but perhaps they have not try Grant or Cleto Reyes , if you be a boxing fan look at the glove they wear , they do away with everlast because of the quality , they be cheap , I buy a pair myself when I first start in Muay Thai and now I also train in american boxing , but as become a better and stronger fighter I begin to experiment with better quality equipment , so I give my old Everlast glove away . I love cleto and still use they but they run a little big , I love Grants even more , the quality and material of both brand be a lot better than Everlast , you may pay 100 buck more but you if you be not serious about you training or if you punch like a little boy stay with Everlast but if you really train like I do and profesional boxer , and fighter do the research and try out Grants or Cletos you 'll feel the diffence in the foam and the 100 % leather workmanship . believe I Everlast be just a entry level glove .
Gloves	POS	4	receive this glove last week , really good glove . the padding seem a little thick . the extended finger lenght be quite helpful . the only other thing be that there be sharp edge that i be able to trim very carefully . the initial fit seem tight but it have eventually loosen up .
Gloves	POS	5	Got these for my 7-year old son to have fun with in the pool . they be very cool and they be help he learn to swim better . not sure about the workout piece ... I 'll report back if my son sprout some muscle !
Gloves	NEG	2	I buy these glove as a replacement for some cheap $ 20 bulk generic made-in-China glove my boxing gym have available . because they be Everlast , I think they would be good . I have be very disappointed . these glove offer almost no wrist support , and I have to start use wrap to protect my wrist . after about 4 week of medium-duty use , the vinyl be peel and the stitching be fall apart . the only good thing I can say about they be that they do not smell as bad as other glove I have use , so they do seem to resist odor as advertise .
Gloves	NEU	3	overall , these glove be make of 70 % leather and feel pretty solid on hand , when lift they help by reduce friction of the bar and weight on hand . but there be two severe problem with these glove that knock off two star from this review : 1 - so before buy anything on the internet I read lot of review as experience reflect the truth . when go through some of the bad review of this item I notice some people be have trouble with the size mark on this page as be smaller , so I think , ok there be many good review and the sizing be the problem so I buy a larger size , when it arrive I immediately put they on and they feel perfect -lrb- almost too perfect -rrb- . when I try they out at the gym I start feel they very small specially between the finger and when hold onto a bar and lift it the glove put too much pressure on the webbing of the finger cause a `` itching '' pain make they very uncomfortable almost to a point where I be not able to close hand . so now I be consider buy 2 size larger to get around that problem . 2 -rrb- the velcro pad to secure wrist stick to other part of the glove when not in use , drag out the synthetic fiber out of the fabric make it look use and cheap . the advice I give you if you be consider buy this be that if you wear Medium buy Extra large for example , two size larger .
Gloves	POS	5	this be the second time I have order these glove for my own personal training . in fact , I order two set this time . I use they almost daily so they last approx . six month . I do feel the difference when I have forget they at home as I feel the force of the strength training in these . I definitely recommend these glove to those who want to try they and I would bet you will order a extra pair . enjoy !
Gloves	POS	5	my boyfriend be a do it yourself car guy and he have find these exact same glove for much more . they be exactly as describe and fit great . he have big hand and XL fit just right .
Gloves	POS	5	I have a home repair and remodel business and use these glove everyday . I always keep 2 or 3 pair in my truck . the be bullet proof .
Gloves	POS	5	I find these glove to fit my need perfectly . they be durable , comfortable , and get the job do . I switch to these from store brand glove that have wrist support , after have positive experience with other harbinger product . these seem to hold up much longer , and be a pleasure to use . I be 5 ' 11 '' , with a slim build , and hand that may be a bit on the smaller side ... but I decide to go with the medium size glove since that be the size I buy for all my clothes . I can not speak for people of different sizes\/builds , but for I they fit and work great . if you be look for a solid pair of glove and do not need wrist support , give these a try . I recently purchase a backup pair to have on hand just in case my original ever wear out . these be my new glove of choice unless\/until I find something that be somehow better .
Gloves	NEU	3	I have use ALOT of BRANDS of GLOVES , TRYING to find the right one for me and the work that I do -lrb- I build fence and deck -rrb- . the problem that I have be that the finger wear OUT TOO FAST , I be sorry to SAY that the same thing have happened with your glove . maybe I get the wrong type for heave construction , if SO PLEASE RECOMEND the RIGHT type .
Gloves	POS	4	add to the workout in water aerobic . run large but well worth the cost . help with back exercise and resistence
Gloves	POS	4	if you be look for glove to ease `` friction and discomfort '' when grasp any bar with weight attach , then you 'll love these glove ; they be pad where pragmatically `` gripping friction '' and discomfort occur , unlike a couple other glove I have encounter that do nothing to alleviate such , they also look great . one `` iffy '' issue concern these Harbinger grip glove , be `` size . '' you may want to buy one size up from you actual regular glove size . for instance ; I possess hand that be more or less `` small '' if not regular `` man '' size hand , yet despite that fact , I find the `` medium '' size I buy a bit tight the first time I put they on . eventually they have stretch to comfort level , but still somewhat difficult to slip on and off . frankly I have never measure my hand by place they directly beside other man hand , that would be weird and daunting task to say the least ; but judge from pure visual perception over the year , I would classify my hand as somewhat on the `` small '' or medium in man size glove , as a matter of fact I have always wear medium size glove , to my recollection .
Gloves	POS	4	recently , I have use a Nike dri-fit & generic -lrb- ... -rrb- workout glove . the Nikes do not provide any real protection and the bb glove perform as well as it cost -lrb- $ 8 -rrb- . I have not have these glove very long , but I do enjoy they . they easy to remove since they do not have a wrist-strap & offer alot of protection . pro + great protection + good quality con - quite a bit of padding slightly hinder pull-up , but nothing you can not deal with . I would recommend this to any of my friend . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* update \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* 3\/10\/12 still love these glove ! they be in great shape still and do wonder for protect my hand .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be very good . in the begin the material be little hard . but after one or two week it be perfect . if you just work in a office and you hand be too soft for the bar at the gym these glove be great for you . at least , I be very satisfied with my purchase .
Gloves	POS	4	Great for hit a bag . solidly make . padding be spread out a bit so you can really feel the punch , I would probably look for something a bit more padded for spar though .
Gloves	POS	5	it get here fast . i work on car alot it dosent work when work with oil but beside that its good
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove have a great fit and pretty good design however , I have wear they for approximately one hour before the first stitching have give way . I see from the other review this be a common problem . give that I work with rock , dirt and other abrasive material , I be question the wisdom of spending -lrb- $ $ $ -rrb- for a glove whose stitching give up the ghost in the first 1\/2 hour of use . I will not buy another pair unless the quality of manufacture go up .
Gloves	POS	5	I own one pair of glove of 12 OZ , i have to say that this glove be more than great , and i be not a fan , why i say this : 1 -rrb- best glove this price -lrb- less than 35 buck -rrb- 2 -rrb- the material be very good , they will last very long 3 -rrb- the color be durable , it do not scratch or get 's decolor 4 -rrb- they be very confortable , and they have swet technology -lrb- it mean that even if you swet , they wont smell or stink -rrb- 5 -rrb- you hand be very protected -lrb- the finger and the front part of the hand -rrb- I be undecided about buy the 12 OZ , the 14 OZ or the 16 OZ , I go for the 12 Oz because for heavy bag practice they be the best , why ? because you hand like the heavy bag be very harsh , they need better contact , if you have big glove -lrb- 16 OZ -rrb- there be a lot of space in the glove , and you finger no matter if you have handwrap , be able to move inside , and that might cause you a broken finger or to get hurt -rrb- in the other . so the 12 OZ be perfect for heavy bag . in the other hand , if you want good glove for spar , then you need to buy the 14 OZ or even better 16 OZ glove , because they will make you work more you hand and you 'll gain speed , also no one will practice with you with smaller glove , because the impact of smaller glove be stronger as they have less material you hand impact will be more direct . for heavy bag if you buy the 12 OZ glove , depend on you hand strenght you probably will not need handwrap , because the glove be very confortable as i mention before , and they will fit you hand perfectly . HOW to CHOSE A SIZE ? i have trouble choose the right size , because almost no one publish a review about how to pick the right size so that be the first reazon why i write this . 1 -rrb- if you be less than 5 ' 4 Height go for the 12 to 10 OZ glove for heavy bag , and for spar go for the 14 OZ . 2 -rrb- if you be less than 5 ' 9 height , but 5 ' 5 or more , go for the 12 Oz for heavy bag and the 16 Oz for spar . 3 -rrb- if you be more than 5 ' 9 height for heavy bag use the 12 or the 14 Oz glove depend ond how big or not be you hand , and for spar the 16 Oz . AGAINST , -lrb- this be excellent glove to start boxing or have boxing initial class , in case you have some time practice you might want to pick more prof. glove -rrb- . enjoy they !!!
Gloves	POS	5	ok . I figure with Michelle Obama bare arm , sleeveless dress be go to be the rage for the next four year at least . so , how can I make my swim more effective for tone my arm ? I do not know if these will do the trick , but they sure be great fun to use . I use they with Zoomer Fins for the first time today and I go really fast and get a much more powerful workout . a friend at the pool say , `` you be smile the whole time you be speed up and down the pool ! '' Heart rate get up higher , too . great product .
Gloves	NEG	2	I work for a large airfreight handle company at lax and I work right on the ramp . 99 % of the time I wear shorts and a hoodie and no glove , but from time to time it get really cold . I read about ironclad glove while do research for glove here . First off they be not waterproof at all . California recently come out from the worst rainstorm we have have in a decade , it rain all week and I have these glove on and my hand get soak every day . I would say they be water resistant but for waterproof that be complete crap . as for wind resistance , I think they live up to the claim . the last 2 night it have be in the 50 's and my hand feel way better with the glove on than off . as for warmth , that be a toss up . like i say above the glove cut wind , as for warmth my hand be warmer than not have glove at all , but not toasty warm like with mitten . I be research get a glove liner to wear underneath . other thing : xxl be HUGE , I think I have big hand , i be 6 ' 3 '' and the glove do not really fit I well . I would say next time I will get a smaller size but i think i be do with ironclad , this be my 2nd pair .
Gloves	POS	5	they work wonderfully down to 32 degree fahrenheit , below that you 'll need the Ironclad Tundra . all the ironclad glove be make for a specific purpose and condition . I myself have 3-4 different pair that be use to suit different environmental and work condition . in my opinion you can not beat a correctly match pair of ironclad glove .
Gloves	POS	5	its just like the title say . these glove outlast almost anything . i have even handle barb wire with these and not have a punch through . they handle abrasive great . will shed some water , like any other leather glove . the terry cloth on the back be nice but tear up before the rest of the glove be show much for problem , but this be cosmetic , the glove stay in tact . these be not insulate , and do not provide much help there .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be not as warm as the glove I use for play in the snow , but , that they be not make for sit in the snow . these be make for work . I have never find a glove that be as warm that also let you grab screw , etc. . and once you start work , even in North Dakota , this be all you 'll need . these fit great for work .
Gloves	POS	4	I love my swim glove ! they be a bit too tight . I get the smaller size because a previous reviewer say they tend to stretch . not yet , but I suspect they will with time so I be not unhappy at all .
Gloves	POS	4	I think I get my first pair of harbinger 143 glove from Amazon nearly three year ago now . that pair last quite a long time before I decide to replace they due to wear -lrb- seam come apart -rrb- and odor -lrb- after a while , it seem like no pair of leather glove be immune to stink , even after repeat wash -rrb- . I quite like my first pair and be surprise to find some less than good review here , include comment from people about how they glove fall apart rather quickly . well , I order another pair of these only about a year ago and they be already in much worse shape than the previous pair that last twice as long , despite get the same amount of use from I . I also notice that some other reviewer mention how these glove be tighter than they should be , and that do not describe my first pair but definitely describe my second . just a few day ago , I order another replacement pair . I obviously can not say whether they will hold up better than the second pair I have , but I can report that even though the glove be ostensibly the same size the new pair be , in fact , not nearly as tight on my have as my second pair . I be a bit frustrated by the lack of consistency in what be suppose to be the same product , but I do like these glove overall . -lrb- I guess that be obvious or I would not have order another pair again ! -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	Below be my previous review . however , today I cut a section out of the bottom of the glove , at the thumb and forefinger so they can be use to adjust equipment . this also let more water flow inside the glove which cool they . good for people in warm climate . I raise my rating to 4 star from 1 base on the fix . I love use swim glove . they be all really great exercise equipment . so this review be not about swim glove in general but these glove . for what I need and why I buy they they be a huge disappointment . my hand tan too much even though I use a lot of the correct sun block and I do not like it . I also really need my finger to protrude so I can deal with my mask , snorkel and my underwater mp3 player . I be a woman with average size hand . I buy a medium . they fit . but my finger do not stick out . if I could just push the glove down when I need to use my finger that would work - but I cant push the finger down because there be a seam between each of the finger . I use they anyway because they be the only uv with open finger I could find so far , but I be not happy because I must remove the glove to adjust anything . they be also very very warm . this be great for the people in cold water . I swim in Florida and it be really annoying . I loosen the glove and let water in which help a bit . I be use they but still look for a better pair .
Gloves	POS	5	these standard workout glove fit the bill . low price , lightweight , breathable , and protect you hand from get pinched etc. . I use these for freeweight mostly . they run more or less true to size , slightly on the snug size , but they loosen up with you hand as you workout . they have hold up for 2-3 month so far pretty well -lrb- no noticeable wear -rrb- . do not retain any bad gym smell , though if they do you could simply soak they in soap water , rinse they and let they dry . the lack of padding be nice for I as I can use these for active workout -lrb- running , plyo , freeweight , machine , etc -rrb- . of course if you be do heavy weight lifting that more static , I would get something with padding and wrist support .
Gloves	POS	4	my initial impression of these glove be a bad one : they absolutely reek of some sort of organic solvent use during the manufacturing process . it be difficult to hold these chemical-laden glove up to my face when I be breathe heavy during training ; the smell make I want to vomit . after a few week , the smell become tolerable . however , it almost make I want to pay extra for leather glove . the glove be well-made , I have no complaint about the fit or finish . the thumb be comfortable and both side feel the same . the cuff be comfortable , with no sharp edge or other annoyance . the velcro be sew on straight and be easy to use . the thumb be attach , but can be easily free up if desire . if you just use they for hit the heavy bag , you be better off snip the attachment ; it will make it easier to grab the velcro and tighten it up . after make glove for decade , I suppose Everlast have it down to a science . these glove be hard . I would not want to get hit by they . if you want to spar someone , they will not appreciate it if you wear these glove . but the glove feel good on my fist . I can really go berzerk on the hardest part of my heavybag without feel any discomfort in my knuckle . I be not sure why Everlast claim that the glove have a `` anti-microbial '' lining . as far as I can tell , it be just polyester . in any event , it work fine . some other reviewer have complain that these glove fit too snug . I do not find this to be a problem . when my hand be wrap , they fit into the glove snugly , but the fit be proper . if you have fat , untrained hand , or if you be a large-boned heavyweight , you might experience a tight fit . for most people , the glove be as they should be . for the money , these glove be fine .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use it for over a month , really happy with its quality . it have a tight fit , the medium feel small . nice price , too .
Gloves	POS	5	this glove be great i have work with they before , i go to the gym four time a weak , the pair that i have be use last I 1 year in a half , so the very durable .
Gloves	POS	5	I be give a set of these glove to evaluate for a magazine story , along with a couple of set of the regular MW glove with the wrist strap . I fall in love with all of the wrist strap glove -lrb- the more common style -rrb- for all the automotive and hobby farm work I do . the best feature of the MW glove be the way the finger be make . they fit better and allow for a better sense of touch and more detailed work than any glove I have ever own . the other impressive feature about the MW glove be how long they last . I get out to work as often as possible ... nowhere near full time ... but I be still wear out at least two or three set of hardware store glove a year . the MW glove be give I at least a year . when I finally use up the `` free sample '' wrist strap glove , I finally put the fast fit to work and find my true `` glove love . '' I be on and off with my glove a lot and the strap become a bit of a pain . the fast fit glove come on a off easily but they stay on when you want they to . the perfect compromise for I . I need glove more than most because I go from be a office worker to a laborer at a moment 's notice . I spend most of my time peck on a computer keyboard and my hand be not tough like they once be . these glove offer a great fit , extraordinary feel and outstanding wear . my hand be addict . Update 2012 : significant change have be make to these glove and I can no longer recommend they . the latest be thinner and not as well construct . I could barely get a year out of the last set I purchase . Sears now offer a craftsman glove that be every bit the equal of of the original fast fit glove I love so I advise check they out .
Gloves	POS	5	love , love , love the glove . I use they in a lake and in the pool . I be rehabb from shoulder surgery and these be perfect for gentle strengthening\/range of motion without pain . I buy small since I have short stubby finger -lrb- not man-hand , but short -rrb- and they be sorta tight without be uncomfortable . I be afraid that if I go with a medium they would be too big and fall off in the water . again , these be great , portable and perfect for strengthen . the do a great job for tone the upper arm , too . I think I will get a pair for my husband , too .
Gloves	POS	5	I be a union carpenter and have spend close to $ 2000.00 on `` brown jersey '' glove and leather palm work glove since 1987 I buy the iron-clad glove back in July of ' 02 , and have use they to do demo , framing , insulation , drywall -lrb- use screw and screwgun -rrb- ... they function fine and I have wash mine twice ! I have long fingernail on my right hand -lrb- guitar -rrb- and the glove have protect they without a break ... ... pardon the pun ... . and the glove have hold up well to the contact with the fingernail ... I doubt if they would hold-up in concrete or the mud ...
Gloves	POS	4	good quality and fit . I be a 5 ' 10 '' woman and these fit my hand very well . the mesh material over the plam be very breathable and keep my hand from feel too sweaty .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be lift weight for thrity year and have worn work out glove for the past twenty and I will say that it be difficult to find a durable and comfortable pair of glove . I try numerous pair on in various store and finally choose this one as it seem durable , be attractive , washable and fairly comfortable . I get the xxl and the glove fit perfect except for one thing and most workout glove seem to have this minor irritant . the cut on the glove between the two middle finger be too low and it put pressure on the skin between these two finger . I have be slowly try to stretch it out without tear the glove and hope it loosen a bit after they break in . other wise they look great and work well . they do not bunch up when grip the bar and they seem to breathe well . I do recommend they but make sure you either try they on locally or get a size or two larger than you think . I would have get the xxxl if they have they . 4 star for the finger issue otherwise 5 .
Gloves	NEG	2	these be my first boxing glove and needless to say the last glove I ever buy for less than $ 50 . I know how to wrap my hand , and I know how to punch but I injure my knuckle twice in these glove . the first time I land a left hook to the temple of my spar partner . I be out for a month . I baby that hand for 3 month then the first day i go heavy on the bag with they I re-sprain the same knuckle again . first off a boxing glove will last you about 6 month if you be a 5 + session a week fighter . it 'll be more if you be a two a week fighter and pretty much a lifetime if you do that cardio boxing stuff . reason be the more you hit the bag or you partner the more the foam break down and sweating into the foam do not help either . about this glove : size : a little too small for my hand . I be a very big guy with very big hand so unless you hand hare as big as a NBA center like mine there be no need to worry about it . lining : First thing that wear out on mine . it fall apart inside and start to irritate my finger . not a light irritation either . it make my knuckle bleed the last day i wear they . Leather & Stitching : it be good . not a single stitch pop . foam : break down after a few month . also start get lumpy towards 4 month . Beathability : they breath about as well as a plastic bag . I supprise my finger do not prune up after my training session . it make the glove hard to dry out and then they smell horrible . they also make you hand smell horrible . ceadar chip help a little bit but after training session they make my hand smell like a dirty sock . hand protection : I think they leave it out of this model . I bruise my knuckle twice . not so with other glove . velcro : so easy to put on and take off . by far the easiest out of any glove I have own . bottom line : the look nice and do the job but do not risk hurt you hand to save money . if you be do cardio boxing at LA boxing and dont really hit the bag all that hard then they might work for you . you hand will still stink buy you wont get hurt . if you be serious about the sport and think you will do it for at least 6 month do you hand a favor and buy a pair of Title gel , Ringside IMF Tech , or Grants .
Gloves	POS	5	First of all , many thanks to all the other reviewer who mention that these run large . I wear a XL glove , so I be go to order this in XL . very glad I do not - the l size fit just fine , and now that I have one , it be clear the XL would have be too big . that tip from the other reviewer save I some return postage - thanks ! in term of the actual glove , it be great . fit fine , and appear well make . very secure velcro closure on the wrist . I use mine for aqua aerobic and to add a `` boost '' to my swimming workout . I have use the plastic hand paddle in the past - they be helpful in give more resistance , but be rather awkward to use . these - if you 'll forgive the inevitable pun - fit like a glove and do not get in the way . you can increase or decrease resistance by just expand or close you hand . a word of caution - if you have never use hand paddle or webbed glove before for exercise , go slow at first . you be put a lot more strain on you muscle , especially the shoulder . take it easy at first until you get a feel for the workout , then slowly increase duration and speed . a bit of care will prevent a lot of pain !
Gloves	POS	4	what be a good feature on these be the liner . you wrap in conjunction with the fabric liner make for a dryer workout . these glove do run small though . I have small hand for a guy & they be a snug fit .
Gloves	POS	5	I wish these glove be available everywhere , and wonder why not . I have try many kind - and these be the best - fit great , grip well , comfortable , and protect my hand just the way I want . I buy a extra pair and fear the day I can no longer get they .
Gloves	NEG	2	the stitch at the thumb start pull apart after only 4 use of these glove - about 30 minute of usage each time across the span of 2 week at a boxing fitness class . even though these be inexpensive glove , that do not mean they should be expect to fall apart after only 4 use . either I get a defective pair of glove , or all of the glove be just low quality \/ durability . I think you be better off buy other comparable glove if possible .
Gloves	POS	5	the glove be exactly what my daughter want , except they be tear at the buckle . I call then send picture as per they request and never hear back from they . so I send the glove back and still have not hear from they . I do realize that it be the holiday , but I would like to have the glove back , damage free .
Gloves	NEG	1	good morning and receive the glove be break as in this case . since you be rip on one side . the yarn be gradually unstitches
Gloves	POS	5	you get a lot of glove for you money . you do not need to spend a lot to get a nice work glove . good fit , and long lasting . you can not go wrong with these .
Gloves	NEG	2	the first day i use these I be hang drywall with screw . about 2 hour into it the DuraClad on the thumb and index finger of the left glove be wear through -lrb- something that do not happen with good leather glove -rrb- and the seam be come apart . so , I wrap 'em with duct tape and that do the trick .  i like the velcro at the wrist and the fit be good for my hand , but I doubt I 'll buy 'em again . I can buy three pair of good leather glove at Costco for less than one pair of these , i.e. more glove-life for the money witout the hassle . if they get the price point down maybe I would buy again .  use several layer of duct tape and glue down the various piece of DuraClad as soon as they start come off , the glove last about a month and a half . maybe it should be not-very-durable-duraclad . I guess for lighter duty they have work well , but not for remodel work I put 'em through .
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be very strong and well make , but the zise be unspecified you have to be carefull in order to choose a the rigth zise .
Gloves	POS	4	I just receive these glove today . I take a earlier reviewer 's recommendation to get a size larger , so I get the xxl size . my hand be 8 '' from base to top of middle finger and the glove feel really nice on , they feel like they be size right . however , the reviewer that say the bottom of the glove between the finger dig into you hand be true for I , as well . between the index finger and middle finger , and between the middle finger and ring finger , the glove bite into the hand a little , but mainly just when I be spread my finger . during normal lifting when you be just close you hand\/making a fist , it be not a problem . so , +1 to get a size up from you normal size , and just be aware if you have really big paw , you 'll want to try these on in person in case they 'll dig into you hand -lrb- which be why I knock a star off -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	IRONCLAD ? what else do you need to SAY ... the ONLY GLOVES MY MEN will wear .
Gloves	POS	5	I want to add a little resistance to my lap swimming and water aerobic workout . these glove work really well . I like that my finger be free , and the velcro strap make it easy to adjust .
Gloves	POS	5	I be in the household appliance sale and repair business and wear my glove most of the time when I be work . I can use the glove when move and\/or repair appliance without any problem . when do repair I can wear they and remove screw and such and can feel exactly what I be do and still enjoy the protection peace of mind by wear the glove . I work a lot outside with appliance delivery and such and yesterday it be 104 degree and wear the glove be not uncomfortable at all with the wick action of the fabric they be make of . do not think this until after I be finish but yesterday I change a compressor in a refrigerator in a home and do not take my glove off from the the time I start until I start my truck a hour and 1\/2 later . nothing i do in the process require I to take they off . even pick up schrader valve and small item be do with these glove on . I have two pair : one pair I keep in my truck and one pair I keep on my desk so I be sure to have a pair handy put on when I need they . I also have two more pair I order from Amazon I keep in my drawer -lrb- unopened -rrb- encase the one I use ever wear out . great glove !
Gloves	POS	5	I have have several pair of different glove and for the price these be the best and be easy to throw in the wash machine to clean .
Gloves	POS	4	Works great , fit well and I have be able to lift longer since lift weight be just much more comfortable on the hand .
Gloves	POS	5	I too have a rough go with ironclad , but after talk with they they steer I in the right direction . I trade in the Box Handlers and get myself the Framer glove . they be the best glove I have ever worn and I have be wear they go on 5 month !!!
Gloves	NEU	3	the glove be too big for my hand -lrb- I order a medium -rrb- . my husband be use they and say it be a great workout .
Gloves	POS	5	just what i be look for ! glove fit my 3 year old a tad big , but she love they ! very durable !
Gloves	NEU	3	product be well construct . fit better than expect . Came in color and size specify . receive in a timely fashion .
Gloves	POS	4	I recently start casually lift at the gym . after get into heavier weight , I find that my limit be more base on what pain my hand could take from hold the metal weight and bar , instead of what my muscle could lift . so I buy these glove and could not be happier . now I can focus on lift the weight rather than worry about my hand get tear up . I be new to weight lifting , but even for light to moderate weight these glove make a big difference . I be sure other glove would do the trick too , but these have a great price and look . they run small , so order a size up if you be uncertain .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these for swimming and diving , they work very well and increase my speed by 30 % . at 1st they take get use to , just like anything ; then you learn to use they and you feel like Harry Potter in the Goblet of fire . when he eat the gilly weed . I would recommend they to anyone . the sizing of the glove be average , so pick you normal glove size , and enjoy !
Gloves	NEG	1	the glove do not match the picture at all . they be gray with navy blue trim .
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy these glove because I start work out at the gym and need add protection to my hand , since I have carpal tunnel . these glove protect my palm from the pressure and I have less pain in my hand . I wish the fit be tighter around the finger , but ince I wear ring , the fit work out so I do not have to take my ring off ; and I be now wonder if I should get a glove to fit up around my wrist for add support . my hand be med-large and I have long skinny finger , so the fit be not custom make , but for now they be work out for my workout routine .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these glove 3 day a week at a boxing gym for a structured workout . I be a woman 5 ' 3 '' with small hand . I have the 14 ounce glove and with my hand wrap the glove be a good fit . they be easy to put on and take off in between drill and I have be use they for the last 4 month with no complaint at all . I would highly recomend these glove for you heavybag workout . I like my workout at the gym so much that I want to get a heavybag for home use on day I dont go to the gym .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be a great investment if you spend a lot of time in the gym . before use these , lift would put a lot of stress on my hand almost make it unbearable to continue . while wear the Harbinger glove , they provide my hand with ample protection when lift weight , do pull-up , etc. . the only bad thing be the natural color get a little dirty but other than that you can not go wrong !
Gloves	POS	5	my hand be extremely calloused and rough before buy these glove . so much so that they even have harden area that would hurt people when I shake hand . if you be go to be lift extremely heavy weight these be the glove to buy . they have a great fit . they be snug but do not cut off circulation . I would highly recommend these glove to anyone that do weight training .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my 4th pair of aqua fitness glove , my 2nd pair of this exact Speedo Aqua Fitness Glove . allow the finger to protrude through the end of the glove be a great benefit . with other glove , water build up inside the glove and , if lycra-backed for example , the glove become like a big balloon after a short while . these Speedo glove allow the water to pass through the glove and out the finger-hole . in addition , the material the glove be make of be much sturdier than other glove I have have . the palm hold up well as do the back . I recommend these glove and will always use they in my water fitness exercise .
Gloves	POS	5	well make comfortable glove . I buy they to wear while do yard work but believe they could take more of a beating than I 'll ever give they .
Gloves	NEG	2	barely use they a couple of time briefly and I already notice a couple of the seam become undo . they look and feel nice when new but I do not know how long they 'll hold up if I ever need to use they for a prolonged period of time . next time I 'll purchase another brand .
Gloves	NEU	3	compare to the harbinger 155 's , these have more padding and seem to be better construct . but the downside be , you 'll have a helluva time remove they . I wear medium 's , and the 155 's be easy to remove , but these be incredibly difficult to pry off you hand .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be a little pricey in my opinion , but this retailer have they at a competitive price . they be a good fit for we woman with small hand who can not find a `` small '' , though they be not exactly snug . I have order these work glove several time because they last for at least one season , allow I dexterity with the nice fit & the price compare favorably with similar glove .
Gloves	POS	4	I actually really love these glove and have have several pair . they last generally about 1-2 year with heavy use . I like they because they have good wrist support and feel good . they be definitely a bit tight at first though , even without wrap . they be very hard to get on when you actually do have wrap too , at least until you break em in . after you break the glove in , they feel wonderful ! these glove be pretty hard though . you can spar with they , but I recommend not go too hard because knuckle will penetrate if you hit hard . I have feel my knuckle on someone 's face before and I have feel knuckle on my face . also , make sure you do not let any rough part of the velcro stick out otherwise you 'll feel some burn while clinching . I also recommend always wrap you knuckle well so you do not skin they and cause the glove to become stinky ... overall , I recommend these glove because they last for a good amount of time for the price and they have good wrist support . I really can not justify spend $ 60 - $ 100 on a pair of the other glove out there .
Gloves	POS	4	buy this product to enhance my swim workout and I love it ! the review be correct . get one size smaller than you normally get for glove . I be typically a large but medium work great for I . thanks Speedo .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be a cabinet maker for over 20 year now - and I have yet to come across a pair of glove that EVEN come close to the fit and quality offer in Ironclad 's heavy utility . the fit be beyond awesome - give I the ability to handle the samllest nail and take any type of measurement . the durability of the glove be great too - the pair I be currently use have last I over six month !
Gloves	NEG	2	my finger still get cold when use these glove , and the outside temperature be not even below freezing . they do work better than other glove I have try , but not anywhere good enough . they be also hard to grab thing with the thick finger . for the price and product description , they should keep my finger warmer .
Gloves	NEG	1	i use these like 3-4 time and the finger already rip out of they . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with glove . pro series , carhartt , you name it . my cheap dewalt last longer . go to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
Gloves	POS	5	the best I have ever find for the job I ask of it . I work in a garage and often need a combination of tactile application couple with protection . these glove offer both , and they last . if I be work with wire rope or roofing shingle , I use leather glove .
Gloves	POS	4	i work in a dairy box there good glove until they get wet im sure alot of people wont be work a wet damp environment so u can probably ignore that , great grip on they and the fit tight ! so i can get my hand into tight place i will definitely buy these again when it come time for new glove
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be great . well make and a great upgrade from the regular harbinger glove . try they on in a store first though , they run about one size smaller than you would expect and from the non-pro version .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these glove for work , where I handle box all day ! they last I at least 6 month before I have to buy another pair , which be fine consider the price . these glove be great , and for the price , it do not hurt to try they out for yourself . I highly recommend Mechanix
Gloves	POS	5	I be very pleased with my pair . they be only 14 oz but they provide pleanty of protection while i work the heavy bag . also they fit very well and offer pretty good wrist support . I would reccomend you give they a try
Gloves	POS	5	the exercise glove be deliver on time and in perfect condition . the entire transaction be perfect from start to finish .
Gloves	POS	4	Resistente y con un buen acabado , un precioso guante que a demas de prpteger tus manos te sirvn de adorno
Gloves	POS	4	these be great workout glove for the price . great ventilation and protection during a hard workout . the only problem I have with the glove be that it run a bit small .
Gloves	POS	5	these be terrific glove and worth every penny . they wear like iron and be both comfortable and protective .
Gloves	POS	4	pro : well make . Easy to put on and take off . good resistance in the water . comfortable . con : color do not hold up to the chlorine in the pool . the color will fade in a short time .
Gloves	POS	5	I be a Gym rat , work out 4 + time a week for 2 hour a day . I do about 1 hour of free weight then 1 hour of Cardio . my last pair of Harbinger Gloves be steal from I at the gym while I shower . they be $ 40 Harbinger Model 1250 -lrb- Grey color , with wrist strap -rrb- . I love those glove , but I do not want to spend another $ 40 for glove I may lose or have steal , so I find these on Amazon for under $ 15 -lrb- Harbinger Model 143 , Natural -rrb- . I be very pleased with these glove . the color natural be better look in person than in the pic . while these do not have wrist strap , they be as nice as the 1250 Model . very well make , Great Job Amazon !!!! comfortable and durable . I have be buy weight lifting glove for over 20 year , and these can hang with the best . I take a large and these be true to size . also no bleeding from Dye inside the glove that stain you hand after you sweat the first few time you use they . also these glove keep you hand cool while you lift , make you glove less likely to smell of sweat after you take they off . I apply some talcum powder to my hand before I put the glove on . and the glove look and smell very clean . I be very impressed with the stitching , it be very obvious that these be not cheap glove . I would expect to pay at least $ 30 for these glove , not $ 13.49 !!! so I truly feel that I get a bargain . I may just buy another pair at this price as a backup pair . so if you be on the fence about buying , and need a quality , affordable pair of workout glove , I can not see you go wrong with these . these glove can be find online or at some Sporting Goods Stores , though you will not find as cheap as Amazon be sell they for . I do not know if this be Amazon 's normal price ?? , or if the $ 13.49 be just blind luck on my behalf ?? I hope this review help .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be really durable . I have be lift for a while now and my hand be stop I because they be ache , but these glove really give I that good support in the right place .
Gloves	NEU	3	I have to say these be the best glove I have ever use . I be a professional electrician and need to have extreme dexterity to do everything from individual wire to connector . I could differentiate screw within my pocket with these glove on and yet my hand be warm in the winter . the only downfall and reason for the 3 star be the glove fall apart spontaneously after 1 month . almost all the wear surface give way at once . they be great glove but may not be right for continuous use over a 40 hour work week .
Gloves	NEU	3	boy have I have a hard time find a pair of weight lifting glove ! my previous one be simple leather Saranac glove , not much padding but they last for several year . the leather eventually rot out form huge hole . but I can definitely say that the Saranac glove be awesome . now onto the replacement . I try four different type of glove . harbinger 143 Harbinger 1260 Harbinger 1215 Big Grip II GoFit Diamond-Trac The Harbinger 143 glove be ok . they do not have too much padding , but fit very snug and be difficult to get off . also , the finger be short . the Harbinger 1260 and 1215 be both unusable due to have too much padding in the palm and knuckle area . the padding be comfortable for press exercise -lrb- e.g. bench press -rrb- , but make it all but impossible to do pull exercise -lrb- e.g. pull up , curl , deadlift , row , etc. -rrb- . you can try they yourselve , but save some money and take my word for it . the GoFit Diamond-Trac glove be the best of the bunch for my need . they have a little padding in the palm , but not enough to interfere with you grip . they be lightweight , so I be not sure how long they 'll last , but I 'll reserve judgment on that . they do make my hand sweat , because the neoprene on the back do not seem to breathe well . they run a little larger in size than the other glove . also , I like that they have a finger tab to help you pull off the glove . please be kind enough to indicate if review be helpful .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove because the glove I have be use be tear a part . I be not impressed . I have Schwinn biking glove , buy they 4 year ago for $ 15 at Walmart but hardly use they so when I hit the gym I decide to use they instead of bare hand . they have a very rough surface -lrb- leatherish i think -rrb- and I have no issue with they for 2 year ! these glove already in a month seem to be lose they grip and I have to constantly wash they to remove every little grease\/sweat\/dirt which seem to make they lose they grip . I hardly wash , maybe throw they in the washer once or twice , the Schwinn glove . they be just not worth . I be so worried about the grip on the bench I have to use tissue paper just to make sure they will not slip . for glove make for the very purpose of grip , they be just not impressive . they be definitely more comfortable but when you be bench hundred of lb you do not want something that feel great to you skin you wana know that it be not go to slip and these glove just do not do that .
Gloves	POS	4	buy these glove . I be 5 ' 11 '' with medium size hand . when I first put they on they be so incredibly tight that I be consider return they . they have stretch and fit perfect even with wrap underneath . good buy
Gloves	POS	5	well make swimming glove , with velcro for a tight fit . I especially like that these come in a small size , which fit my hand snugly .
Gloves	NEG	1	warn these glove do not keep you warm . my hand and finger go numb while wear these glove . barely hold up in 40 degree weather , below that you finger be do .
Gloves	POS	5	I be super satisfied ! very comfortable . excellent grip . they look awesome . they last a long time and be very durable . Easy to wash ! buy they !
Gloves	NEG	2	base on the metric to determine the size I need to buy , I find myself to be a medium and purchase one only to find out that its a little tight . I would have return this product any way because the material use be so rough , I feel that I would get more callous on my hand by use this product than not use it .
Gloves	POS	4	these be the best glove that I have own for wait training . the padding be perfect and there be plenty of flexibility for my finger . my only complaint be that machine wash these thing do not seem to get they very clean . I go the hand wash route and it seem to help a lot ... but when I set these out to dry everything nearby be stain yellow from the dye of the glove . just be very careful when wash these and let they to dry .
Gloves	POS	5	my last pair of leather and mesh training glove where trash , so I shop around and decide to replace they with these glove . the Harbinger 1260 glove provide ample padding for protection and comfort while provide a solid grip . the nosweat -lrb- tm -rrb- lining wick moisture away from the skin while the curved three quarter finger design fit more naturally , improve dexterity . the glove be fasten in place with a adjustable wrist strap . even though the glove be partially construct of leather , they can be hand wash to remove salt and oils . wash with a mild soap and air dry will help the glove to maintain they comfort , fit and will last longer . my workout partner use the harbinger 143 glove . compare to the 1260 , the 143 be simpler glove with less material and padding . since they sell for about the same price , the 1260 glove be a much better value . pro : washable comfortable durable enough for rigorous strength training con : size seem slightly small in comparison to other glove . I can get my glove on easy and they be comfortable . they be a bit of a challenge to remove though . the next size up be too big on I .
Gloves	POS	5	harbinger glove or very good work out glove . long lasting and if you wash they and let dry they or ready to go .
Gloves	POS	5	great deal ! there not the best glove but they be very good glove . I be a very happy Buyer ! I hope other customer find this out too . : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	I love these glove ! they fit extremely well , but be cool to wear for extended period . the Kevlar palm pad be hold up great so far , but I be not too sure about the stitch that they be sew in with -lrb- obviously not Kevlar thread -rrb- . aside from that , they be very well thought-out - the terry cloth `` brow-wiper '' on the back of the thumb be evidence of that . definitely a improvement over loose-fitting leather glove with wide cuff that act as dirt funnel .
Gloves	POS	5	I be a Mail carrier for the Post Office . after several year of winter with painful finger from the cold and wet . I find the boxhandler . although they be not waterproof , they keep my hand warm and protect from ice , road salt and frozen mailbox . I be able to handle the letter with suprising dexterity . I would recommend these glove to anyone who work outside in the winter and finger dexterity be very important .
Gloves	POS	4	good glove for the price . I would not use these for much more than work out on a heavy bag as they can start to make the thumb and knuckle hurt .
Gloves	POS	5	I remember buy these glove year ago from a local lumber company . when they start to wear out I go back to get another pair and of course they have none . lucky I I find they on line and get two more pair . they fit snug and allow you to do fine work like pick up small part . and you can clean they it they happen to get grease on they . I would not recommend they for concrete work . it will only tear they up fast . for everything else , hey , I like protect my hand from burn , scratch and other thing .
Gloves	NEG	1	we company install manufacture housing and we need glove that be very durable and comfortable I think that these glove would do the trick so I buy 5 pair for my crew several different size from Med to xlarge Hevy Utility after only a couple of day they start to fall apart the Duraclad re-enforcement pad peel away and the leather palm develop hole in they but I do have to say that they be extremly comfortable though not very useful in cold weather or in wet muddy condition I dont think I will purchace the cold weather version of these glove either  none of OUR GLOVES last more than a month
Gloves	NEU	3	I purchase a pair after see some design for mechanic . I have a desk job , and weekend remodeling have be destroy my hand . these glove be a great idea and do work well . I can work hard for two day frame , wiring , sheet rock , with virtually no wear to my hand . I can do just about everything with they on , with the exception of peel tape from a roll . however , after only three day of use , the stitch on the palm start to break apart . I do not know how much longer they be go to last . when these go , I will look for a similar product of higher quality .
Gloves	NEU	3	you would be forgive to think make a fitness glove be not rocket science , but actually manufacturer can go wrong quite a bit . I have buy this particular glove as it promise to be washable . while I have yet to try that aspect of the glove 's performance , I be sure it will do well at that . I be not too impressed with the rather rough finish , get the glove on be not a pleasure the seam be not cover and the back of the velcro actually rub against the skin . once on and at it though , the glove perform fine , do not however support you wrist -lrb- the Reebok model do a excellent job at that , albeit at a much higher price -rrb- . I also do not like the latch with which the glove be attach to the cardboard packaging , I recommend you cut those off . consider the price , you be get a good -lrb- but not very comfortable -rrb- glove at a reasonable price . I find a method to wash even ` non-washable ' glove though , I put they in a black cotton sock -lrb- to prevent color bleeding -rrb- and treat they with a pre-wash product and then wash it on the hand wash cycle at a low temperature . do not put they in the sun to dry and avoid a tumbler at all cost , the product will have a surprisingly long life that way without the smell that seem to accompany workout glove after a while .
Gloves	NEG	1	I have have several pair of ironclad glove that be quite satisfactory ; however , the last pair purchase start come apart immediately . the closure at the wrist -lrb- on one glove -rrb- fall off the first time I wear they . all of the stitching be unraveling . sadly , it appear they quality have decline significantly .
Gloves	POS	5	while I will not profess to know what these be make of , I do know that they serve the purpose intend by my family . these be not intend as a costume , nor as welding glove . my family use these to reach into the oven and or grill and not be burn . in that role , they perform very well . good utility for less than $ 10 .
Gloves	NEU	3	can not really rate these as I have to send they back because the size chart they give you to go by be not quite accurate & the glove do not fit . I have give they as a gift & since I have to return they & pay the postage on return they I do not order another pair . it be just not a item that can be order on line . as far as the order , I receive it on time & I have no problem return it .
Gloves	POS	5	only have they for a full workweek so far . delivery driver . great palm and fingertip feel , and I can do all the thing I need to do in they -lrb- diad -rrb- . great x cross grip on the palm , the terrycloth part over the thumb be good for keep the sweat out of you eye . and the back be a light spandex mesh . now if only they can last . week one : just break in . if they last a month I 'll get another pair . when people ask where you get you glove , you know they look good .
Gloves	POS	5	the swim glove be exactly what be picture on Amazon , and they be $ 6.00 less than in the store . a good deal .
Gloves	POS	5	my husband have to be very careful as he immune system be pretty much non-existent since he kidney transplant . he use these all the time for thing at work and around the house .
Gloves	POS	4	a little tight-fitting to start with -lrb- I think that will change with use -rrb- , but just the ticket for the fitness kick-boxing class I be take at LA Boxing . not so big and bulky as the 14\/16 oz . glove that most folk seem to wind up with .
Gloves	NEU	3	well for 10 dollar you really get what you pay for . Mine start to tear at the seam after about 8-10 hour of moderate work . not only be the stitch weak , but the material use for the inside of you finger rip like none other . after this experiment , in which i hope to find a good tight fitting glove , I have decide that if you do more than pull weed , leather or hot dip rubber glove be the way to go ...
Gloves	POS	5	I have short wide hand . these well fitting glove allow I to work in the yard with good control of tool . the elasticity make for a geat fit , and they breath well . here in humid Florida , that be important . I be very pleased with they .
Gloves	POS	4	ok I would have give these glove a 3 1\/2 star rating . I think they be great for work around the house or fishing . I have not try they out in cold weather so I can not speak to how they would do keep you hand warm . they be well construct and I have use they for yard work and fishing . they keep my hand dry and clean . Amazon have a good price and they arrive fast . overall a good expereince .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be simply amazing . I be finally able to focus on do my exercise with good form and not have to worry about lose my grip . they be snug and just the right size . the only downside I would have to say be that there be a bit of pain when extend my right index finger from my middle finger , but it be not at all noticeable while lift . other then that , they be well make , effective , and a great value for the price amazon have it . Make sure you read the comment about the size , I order mine large out of instinct and I get lucky that they fit I just right . fast shipping as usual .
Gloves	POS	4	I be the first to try these glove out now everyone in we crew use they and now so do the load dock\/mail room . we do not do any really heavey construction so for we they work out well . even the terry cloth on the top side of the thumb come in handy to wipe the sweat from the brow . my first 2 pair fit fine and be great . my 3rd pair have some glue on the inside hold down the thread which rub against my palm and be quite bothersome but it wear and before long I do not even notice it . I have use these for minor construction to work on equipment with small screw . even if you hand get soak wet the glove still fit well where a full leather glove have a tendacy to stretch and want to fall off . I be order 10 more pair right now !
Gloves	POS	5	I have buy many glove 's like these over the year 's . these be a little heavier then I think they would be . really worth the money .
Gloves	POS	5	great product for the price . ship and arrive on time . the glove themselves be great and be not the highest quality , but they get the job do . I suggest to get some hand wrap to use with these glove . will do business again . : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	buy 3 pair , for myself and parent , they love they , very functional , use for everyday chore outside and even when there be a little chill outside they be perfect .
Gloves	POS	5	the Harbinger pro be a great pair of glove . it provide all the abrasive protection and grip you could ever want . however , the area between finger dig into my hand during the first few week of use , but after it be wear in it literally `` fit like a glove '' . I lift 5 time a week with heavy weight do power lift and olympic lift with they , and after almost a year they finally wear out . the first thing to go be the thread that hold the leather in place at the finger -lrb- where the knurling on the bar rub against -rrb- which then lead to the fabric mesh around the finger to come apart . the padding be not excessive but after about a month of lift all the padding be flatten anyways . remember to wash you glove once in a while or they will reek from the sweat . hand wash they with a little bit of hand soap\/detergent and air dry .
Gloves	POS	5	these be by far the best glove I have be able to find at a reasonable price . I have have they for about 9 month . I usually throw they in the washer once or twice a month and just let they air dry . all the other glove I have try would have have at least one or two hole by now . the only minor problem be they run a bit small so would order one or two size larger .
Gloves	NEG	1	Got these for Christmas on the 25th ... destroy they on the 26th . although the glove absorb the impact of some bag strike , the pleather rip after only a few hit . these be not bag glove , and they will quickly fall apart with even light bag training .
Gloves	NEU	3	be excite to get these for Christmas for my husband and I but after wear only 3 week a small hole have appear in one and have fade a lot .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these for lift about a 1hr a day 5-6 day a week for the past month . they have break in nicely and be very comfortable . the size guide on the manufacture website be very useful and by use that the size I order fit perfectly .
Gloves	POS	4	my wife and I use these Mechanix glove whenever she help I out around the house . they be thin enough to be able to pick up small screw while they be still on , but provide enough protection so you do not rub you skin raw while tackle fix it project . one drawback be that they be not very comfortable once they get wet , so leave they behind when do any sort of plumbing work .
Gloves	POS	4	its a good product cant use it for every exercise but you do not need it for every exercise but i recommend that you buy it its a good product
Gloves	POS	4	this be a excellent boxing glove for beginner . comfortable , lightweight and rugged exterior , perfect for someone who be want a kick-ass workout .
Gloves	NEG	2	I have a pair of these for about a week before the lining pull out of the finger . once the lining have pull away from the stitch it be next to impossible to put the glove back on . you basically just jam the finger hole with the lining since it will no longer straighten out . I end up remove the lining completely and use they as normal mechanic glove . as for cold weather glove they be marginal at best be good to around 20f before you finger start freezing . above 40 you hand begin to sweat cause the lining to stick to you finger which , for I anyway , cause the lining to pull out as I state above . do not waste you money .
Gloves	NEG	2	I work in a freezer full of frozen food where the temp be consistantly 10 degree fahrenheit . after 20 minute with these glove on plus a polypropelyne glove liner my finger have already start get numb . the padding around the finger to keep they insulate be nonexistant . I like the dexterity and the grip from these glove . that be about it . for 49.99 though , I think the average person would be better off buy a extra large ski glove from walmart and layering that up with glove liner to keep warm during work .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove arrive in new retail packaging . I be very pleased with the quality after use they . only take 3 day to receive they
Gloves	POS	5	the fast fit glove be comfortable and easy to put on . if u have a fat hand I suggest u buy the next size up .
Gloves	POS	4	I use they for surfing . it do work you out more and you do get tire more use they but that be only in the first 2 or 3 week . you do have to be careful because you can injury you shoulder if you try to use they with all you strength all the time . when I go out there without they I do feel stronger . they do not help to keep you warm , but they do not make you that much colder either , so there you go . - Chris
Gloves	POS	4	great pair of work glove , it have a nice comfortable fit and have a very good grip . good for work with tool and if you do heavy lifting since it have a nice grip it will not slip ...
Gloves	POS	5	I have be lift for over 20 year and I like the feeling of control\/comfort a good pair of glove afford I . as of late however , I develop a cyst on the palm of my left hand which impact my daily routine . I read the review on this glove and most people say it be heavily padded which be something I want . I have use harbinger before and they seem to last although they be not as padded as these be . I be concern about what size to order , so I go with what I use with the previous harbinger I own - large . well , they be well-padded for sure and may be a little uncomfortable for some people but they do the trick for I . I can hardly feel the cyst and I think they actually enhance my workout by provide a much better grip . I have be use they for about 3 week now and they seem to be wear well and provide the support I need . they feel a little stiff at first but as you use they they become more comfortable . the glove seem to be make well , time will tell if they can withstand the abuse .
Gloves	POS	5	these be just the right glove for drive and do a small amont of work . you can wash they which make they last a extremely long time .
Gloves	POS	4	I be on my third pair of these glove . I would not keep buy they if I do not like they . they be make of a thick neoprene , make the glove a bit stiff , but also provide good resistance in the water . the size on these glove be generous , so if in doubt , order the smaller size . the velcro closure stay secure along the wrist , and the glove be easy to put on and remove . they dry fairly quickly . I use they almost every day and have no problem with soggy glove in my gym bag . if these glove be a bit more flexible - allow I to comfortably grasp water weight while wear they - they would be perfect . as it be , I can hold the weight , but it be a little uncomfortable .
Gloves	NEG	2	do not like these glove , I have small hand and buy medium since the review say they run a little small . still too big ! I guess they be ok for lift dumb bell , but for pull exercise do not help . . back , pull up .
Gloves	POS	5	I be currently on deployment and order these glove even with the extra 4-5 stop they arrive in less than a month . faster than the package from home get here . extremely cheap , I wish i would purchase two pair . the guy love they and they be in almost constant use . we have have they here for a couple week and they do not show any sign of wear yet . as far as smell we cut the top and bottom off of two gatorade bottle and stuff they inside overnight to help air they out , so far they do not stink -lrb- to bad -rrb- . for double the price you can get some nice one but I have not find a better pair for the cost than these .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be a mature boxer for about 6 year now and i never own a 16oz glove before . I only have 10 's and 14 's and have a really hard time to find spare partner with those . one of my boxing buddy recommend these for I and i must say they really do a good job protect my hand and my sparring buddy . i would recommend these for anybody , they be cheap and be comfortable . to who ever be concerned about the size of the glove , the 16oz glove be usually a large !
Gloves	POS	4	I only buy these for a costume so I do not know how they hold up while work out yet . really nice glove though .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy this pair because my old one be wear out ! I choose l size -lrb- I wear XL before -rrb- and feel comfortably fit while wear it . but I feel some how a little tight while lift weight ! so choose one size larger be recommend !
Gloves	NEU	3	this product get heavy use in we home . my husband use they almost daily and lift heavy weight . the grip be great and protect he palm well , but it have not even be a month since we have order they and one be already rip at the seam . : -lrb-
Gloves	POS	5	I like the way these glove feel when i be work out . these glove fit very nicely . I have small finger and many time glove a too big around my finger .
Gloves	NEG	1	I should have read the other review more carefully before buy !  i be a homeowner\/handyman , and I use these glove for about 9 hour of light demo before the stitching in one of the finger start to fray .  before they start disintegrate , I have no problem with the glove . they be comfortable , the grip be good , and I enjoy the good tight fit . I find they give I the dexterity to do thing that I could not do with my regular cheapo work glove . I do find myself have to take they off every once in a while for task that demand a little extra dexterity , and in those case , the wriststrap\/tight closure be kind of a hassle . but if the glove have hold together , they would have be worth the price .  however , give the way these have hold up , it be unconscionable that these item be be market as anything other than disposable ! save you money !
Gloves	NEG	2	I have have multiple pair of Harbinger glove but a different model in the past . -lrb- and have always be satisfy -rrb- the XL 's of this model be so small I think they have to be a woman 's size . FYI , this model seem to run very small in the XL size .
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy a pair of the 14 oz a couple year ago and they last for like two and a half year . then the lining start rip and they be hopelessly stinky so I buy a new pair last week . the new pair stink like chemical \* way \* worse than the other pair , the wrist be much floppier and offer no support , and the velcro be harder to fasten .
Gloves	POS	5	my husband be a delivery driver , he love these ` box handler ' glove . they have a great grip and of course keep he hand warm in winter . great shipping and service also !
Gloves	POS	5	I be a aircrew member in the United States Air Force . most of my job-related responsibility require I to wear glove for safety and protection . I have previously use the popular Mechanix brand automotive glove -lrb- the basic model -rrb- . I find these glove to be overprice for the durability and protection offer with the product . they last anywhere between 2-3 week on the job before hole be wear through the fingertip of the thumb , index , and middle finger of the glove . Custom Leathercraft glove offer optimum safety and protection for the demand of my occupation . the thumb , index , and middle glove finger be reinforce , extend the life of the glove well beyond that of my previously favor glove brand . the glove body be make up of a stretchy , but durable material that allow a comfortable fit and tear resistance . for the price at which this product be sell , I be beyond satisfied with the performance of these glove . note : I usually wear a large , but at the time I purchase the product only a medium or XL be offer . I buy the medium and the glove fit perfectly , probably due to the stretch allow by the glove body .
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove have the worst synthetic lining I have ever see , it already tear in the wrist -lrb- leave the padding loose -rrb- and finger area .
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy these glove for work -lrb- carpentry\/framing -rrb- , the seam begin splitting and the elasticity of they wear out pretty fast . the glove be comfortable and streamline but should only be use for the very lightest of work -lrb- rake leaf etc. -rrb- the glove size be accurate . they have keep my hand warm and I 'll probably opt for the more heavier duty pair .
Gloves	POS	4	glove be comfortable and make of real leather . the palm be all double thick leather to minimize calouse on you hand . I buy two pair and glad I do . this way , one can be in the wash , while I use the other pair . great value one negative , it be a litlle short , i would have prefer a bit longer .
Gloves	POS	5	I have see some reviewer claim that these glove fit too loosely . im 6 ' 5 and wear size 13 shoe . I have never find store buy `` one size fit all '' glove to live up to they name . these fit I perfectly and I be not break pair after pair try to get they on . great glove for big people !
Gloves	POS	5	have use these glove for a while , on my 3rd pair , and they be great . slip they on and off with no problem , they fit my hand perfectly there be no bunching or loose fingertip which make I want to wear they for just about anything . the exterior do get cut up and nick pretty easily but I would rather the glove get tear up than my hand . I use they for pull up carpet , tack strip , work on the car , some yard work , hammering , put up wall stud , drywall , plywood , store holiday decoration and any other possible use I can come up with .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these work glove for my husband to do lawn work in . he love they ! but he say they be too nice to mow the grass in : -rrb- . I tell he that I can get he another pair next Christmas if they get ruin , but these sucker look pretty durable . my husband have average-sized hand and they fit perfectly .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be comfiortable and quick dry , great for daily workout . note the thumb be attach to teh finger so pick up a water bottle to drink from during a workout be difficult .
Gloves	POS	5	these work just like I expect they would work . they give a little more drag so I can work my arm harder . I tend to swim a lot of lap but do not push myself . i can easily give my arm a stronger workout just by pay attention and push more ... but I work out with my 10 year old son and this product make work out a little different . keep we motivate ...
Gloves	POS	5	these be some pretty good glove . they breathe well and there be just the right amount of padding on the palm for when you be work out with heavier weight . they be not to bad to get off but I still wish they have something on the finger to help pull they off . all in all a great glove , very comfortable and a good price !!!
Gloves	POS	4	I be look for a pair of glove that be lightweight , and would not bunch up my finger too much . these definitely fit the bill . they be not the warmest glove , but I be expect to have a tradeoff between warmth and dexterity , and be glad to have they .
Gloves	NEU	3	we purchase these glove not for welding , but for my son 's Dr. Horrible costume . they will serve the purpose , but be a darker gray than the photo appear . they also come with a stain on they .
Gloves	POS	5	great buy , good quality product the fit be a lil snug but nothing too uncomfortable , love the blue color .
Gloves	POS	5	fit great ! I need a nice comfortable pair of work glove , and these be just what I need . they stretch in all the right place , make for a great fit with either relax hand or a clinch fist . padding be exactly where I need they , to protect my hand , and the palm & finger grip make for easy lifting . the closure be a nice alternative to old school hook-and-loop -lrb- a.k.a. velcro -rrb- - it be strong , but not too loud when rip apart . this be my new favorite set of work glove , and go with I everywhere . they be even good for cool weather , and stay nice and dry in most environment . the price be remarkable , consider what nice work glove these be .
Gloves	POS	4	the Everlast pro Style Training Gloves be a decent pair of glove to train on the heavy bag with . they be ok for spar but I would prefer something with a little more padding . the only slight issue that I have with the glove be that they be a tight fit with wrap on . I use the evergel 120 '' speed wrap and it be a little hard to get the glove on . I do not have big hand I have average size hand . so if you have big hand I would try look for a different pair . overall , it be a good pair of glove for hit the heavy bag . I would just suggest to get a thicker pair of glove if you want to spar .
Gloves	POS	5	we use these glove everyday when shrink back window for tint . they indure get heat up everyday and last at least a good year . I would highly recommend they .
Gloves	POS	5	I do not expect these glove to make much difference in my twice-weekly workout . they do . it be clear from my increase fatigue when use they that I be get more resistance than a cupped hand provide . Quality be excellent .
Gloves	POS	5	this product be absolutely perfect ! my first pair , get they a few month back . so far they be pretty durable . ever since I start use they , I no longer get callous from lift weight , which be my main reason for get some . I recommend these glove to my friend who be not wear glove and get callouse . the price be a bargain to the value of this product . do not know would I still be do weight if I never have they .
Gloves	POS	5	I wear they ride my bike to work and back . I work out door and handle alot of money , they be perfect for count money , keep my hand warm and ride my bike . they be well make and strong .
Gloves	POS	4	first of all , you definitely want to go up a size , or even more . second , it just to tight between finger and sometimes feel like it be cut you skin between the finger . quality be good compare the price . worth a try , but the right size .
Gloves	POS	5	I work in film\/television production in the art department . that mean we need glove that be capable of handle so many thing out of the ordinary as well as the ordinary . these be also the glove of choice for the hard work electrician and camera crew . they move heavy equipment along with the more `` delicate '' item . I even use they in the horse barn . I easily wear they comfortably all the 12-14 hour day . thank goodness they wash out easily because I ask they to do thing any other glove I have have would not be able to do . after two year , yes , two year of regular use , my handy ironclad start to show a little wear , so I give they to a friend who love they , too . after another year I finally misplace my next pair of handy `` second hand , '' so I be back order another pair . yes , the price be more than you garden variety of glove , ... but we all know we get what we pay for . ironclad be a great investment ! ... and I be mighty particular when it come to tool ...
Gloves	NEG	1	another reviewer -lrb- by Cameron Scholtz Phoenix , AZ USA -rrb- who post picture get it right . he have to cut the webbing of the glove . I be not cut anything of a brand new purchase . I return they right away and buy the Harbinger Flexfit train glove which be perfect . do NOT buy
Gloves	POS	5	this be my second pair for my own water aerobic workout . they last well and afford great water resistance for the upper body , which I prefer to hand-held water weight . as I run lap in the water , I can use different hand movement to tone the upper body .
Gloves	POS	5	well design glove if you be look for padding . seem well construct but I have use they for only a short time . a little work to get off but well worth the extra effort require by the padded half-finger .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove stink a bit like gasoline , but it fade after about 5 time of decent use . I get the black 160z glove and they fit perfectly . I have big hand , and I be 6 ' 0 175 pound . they seem to get the job do on the heavy bag , and for 30 buck you can not go wrong . they be really durable and I can not see break they even after a few year use . Got free shipping and they take a good week to get here , but worth the wait = -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	the glove have a great fit and wish i could find assorted color . a sure buy better than ebay price
Gloves	POS	5	I wear these glove when shooting handgun at the pistol range . they be heavy enough to be durable , yet light enough that I can feel the trigger and the pistol grip fairly well . the price make they a exceptional value .
Gloves	POS	5	great product , sturdy and well fitting . good padding as well . great workout glove over all
Gloves	POS	5	I have use many glove over the year and these have definately prove themselves to be the best so far . they be a little tight but after month of use at 300 lb plus of weight at a time they be still hold up just fine .
Gloves	POS	4	my brother like these glove so much that he request a second pair . buy they online from Amazon.Com be a better bargain than shopping in town . thanks so much .
Gloves	NEG	1	I have just buy my first and last pair of ironclad glove because I be very disappoint with the fit and feel . this glove be just a bmx glove with a cute name . the `` original '' glove make by Mechanix wear be a far superior product because it be design specifically for use as a work glove . but do not just take my word for it , try they both and I be sure you 'll agree that the Mechanix glove be a much better product .
Gloves	POS	4	Works well ! good for kitchen and bathroom cleaning etc. . I be a male and the XL size be a bit loose but still roughly fit well . overall , good purchase .
Gloves	POS	5	great upper body workout ! even better when use with the pull buoy . great help with drill to improve you stroke .
Gloves	NEG	1	these glove fit well and be reasonably easy to put on and take off . they have not balloon in the water in five week of use as other glove be report to do , although they stretch a little in that time . the material be thin neoprene with no fabric cover on the outer palm side . this palm side have a embossed pattern that constitute most of the thickness of the glove and have break off completely in a spot , presumable due hit a lane divider . there be fabric on both inside surface and the outside of the non-palm surface . the lack of fabric on the outside of the palm be a poor design feature that result in the loss of half of the surface due to a common accident in normal pool swimming .
Gloves	POS	5	these be a pair of my first training boxing glove and it be a great choice . I use these for training and these glove do the job . they be very easy to put on and take off . fit be perfecct even with hand wrap . Everlast 's ever fresh technology be the best thing about these glove because after a good training session my hand be super sweaty , all you have to do be let the glove air out to dry and it will be free of nasty gym sock smell . the mesh material let you hand breath and keep the glove from collect fungus and bactierium . I would recomend these to anyone and after all , Mike Tyson use Everlast so it be gotta be good .
Gloves	POS	5	I choose these Swim Gloves for resistance training since I want a workout that be less strenuous than one use  swim Paddles  as a beginner , if you swim with the golve finger close -lrb- normal freestlye -rrb- , you get a great lower resistance workout . by gradually open out you finger in the webbed glove , you workout become more strenuous - even approach that of swim paddle ! I love the comfort and natural feel of these Speedo Aqua Fit Swim Gloves . I can even adjust my goggles without have to take off my glove ... something that be impossible to do with paddle on ! I choose the color blue because it complement  my Speedo Lap Counter Watch  look at the note in customer image for a guide to choose the right size glove to fit you hand . see MY PHOTOS in CUSTOMER IMAGES OCTOBER UPDATE : I have use these glove daily for the last three month and they still look like new ! clean they by just rinse or soak in fresh -lrb- tap -rrb- water ... remember - no detergent !
Gloves	NEU	3	these fit well in the palm -lrb- I buy the small one -rrb- , and they definitely add intensity to my workout . however , for people with small wrist , it be difficult to attach they by the velcro while still keep they tight because there be not enough velcro overlap . I will try rubberband the flap down to try to make they less annoying .
Gloves	POS	5	product arrive ontime and in new original packaging . I have use these several time in the past couple of week and they work great . I rinse they off -lrb- community pool - high chlorine -rrb- after each use . I hope they last and will update the review if anything arise .
Gloves	NEU	3	these be not nearly as comfortable as the Valeo pair they replace . I be not talk about padding , it be just generally a less comfortable glove to wear . the shape of the glove force you hand into a semus close position . it take more effort than usual to straighten you finger or make a fist . the construction be pretty rough which again do not help the comfort thing . on the bright side , so far they be last well .
Gloves	POS	5	timely shipping and accurate product description . aside from the logo , the glove work great as part of a Dr. horrible costume .
Gloves	NEG	2	I read the review here and after compare to other product i decide to pull the trigger , my hand measurement be a bit under 8 in . so i assume a medium -lrb- 7-8 -rrb- would be a good fit , it be not , way too tight , the inseam between the finger be digging in the soft skin webbing between you finger , the material be way too short for my hand as it do not cover the whole palm and overall very uncomfortable , it be the natural color , which i return , though it seem like it would show dirt very easily second try i go for the large black , it should fit I very well this time , not the case , same problem with the medium still , the material be not enough to cover the palm to give you a comfortable fit , when you spread you hand open wide there be a gap of air between the glove and you palm that be always uncomfortable , and same problem with the inseam digging between my finger , the material be too tough , i decide to follow the advice of the person upload he photo to cut small slit between the finger , it have to cut slit in every inseam to feel comfortable , the pain be almost go but the finger be much shorter now . I also notice on my first workout use it that the stitching be miss in one area of the glove , but i ' v already alter the product so I can not return it now . the wrapping be very uncomfortable as well . so to sum it up ; con : 1 . way too small , not enough material to cover the entire hand , uncomfortable 2 . fabric be painfully digging int he seam between the finger 3 . you might find miss stitch 4 . the clasp be uncomfortable 5 . bad design and workmanship pro : good quality leather overall I would definitely not recommend it , I only give one star over the minimum for the leather quality but i would recommend look else where , and maybe look for a different brand as I read similar complaint to mine on other harbinger product review what would I buy if i have to do it all over ? I do a lot of research on different glove and the Schiek 530 glove seem to be a solid one . a bit pricey but a good glove can last for year
Gloves	POS	4	I buy mine one size smaller -lrb- medium -rrb- as recommend by other reviewer . thanks for the tip ! these glove help my lap time quite a lot . I do not have big polar bear paw or large foot so I need all the help I can get , swim . they do get waterlog , of course , but they stay on and be relatively comfortable . I also use they for stand up on the bottom work out for my upper body . I really like they .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be great for general use as well as move box and equipment at outdoor event . overall , the glove be very durable and provide superior protection while allow the dexterity to use the key on a Blackberry . after be soak in rain and mud at a outdoor event , glove hold up well after be wash . after about one month of use , bottom velcro on strap come loose , but otherwise no complaint .
Gloves	POS	4	these be great . give you workout a boost . the glove provide additional resistance when do lap , be good for the arm , and increase you speed .
Gloves	POS	5	these be some of the best glove I have use in a while . very lightweight , but provide good protection at the same time . I like the fact that I can get a good grip on the bad because these glove be not overly padded or bulky . I would also suggest cut a small slit between the ring and middle finger for add comfort and flexibility . otherwise , they may feel a little tight in that area
Gloves	POS	5	my favorite training glove , really like the design . they fit just great . I ve be train with they about 7 month . only thing , be that you must really wash em each month because the smell like leather .
Gloves	NEG	2	I be train for about two year and these be my 2nd pair of glove . I keep re-injure my hand and never know what the hell I be do wrong until I purchase another brand . the hand injury go away soon after I buy the new set . these glove SUCK unless you be just purchase they to get drunk and take em out back with some of you buddy in which case , buy two set .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these glove for my weight training class . they be nice and comfortable , but can be tight in between one or two finger . but this can be resolve with a little adjustment periodically . overall a good product for the price . although at a later date I would want to buy better , more expensive glove .
Gloves	POS	4	first , I should say that I have never worn another glove , so my opinion of the Harbinger 143 be not the result of comparative analysis . several year ago when I first decide to use glove for weight training , I buy these and they work well , so I have stick with 'em . my recent purchase be my third pair -- they hold up for a long time ; in fact , my previous pair be still in good condition -lrb- purchase a few year ago -rrb- and I only buy a additional pair to switch up the color . before the most recent purchase I look into other glove -- just to see what be out there -- but they all either seem insufficient or excessive . the Harbinger 143 be nothing fancy ; they just get the job do without get in the way .
Gloves	POS	5	my old pair of Harbingers be over ten yr old and start to wear through . these be great out of the package - comfortable , just the right amount of padding , and look good too ! I they to last another ten yr .
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be really nice and seem to have a lot better quality than the older style . my only problem be that the old style fit with XL but these be a bit more tighter . after a while my finger start to get the numb sensation . I have be wear they for 2 week now and they area around the finger have loosen up . if you do not mind the tightness at first I would get these glove . they feel good and provide pretty good flexibility . or you can get the next size up : -rrb-
Gloves	NEU	3	contrary to the product description , these glove be not `` easy-on , easy-off '' . removal always require put down anything you be hold . with other work glove , I can remove one use a armpit and not involve the other hand . for someone like I who take a lot of beer break , open a can become a pain . as other have mention , these glove breathe well . too well for winter work , if you have dry hand like I . but I will probably use these in the summer . I have to admit , they do have a great feel .
Gloves	POS	5	I find some of these locally and I love they . they be well make , comfortable , and look cool . it be party make out of breathable material which I do not appreciate until a really heavy work out .
Gloves	POS	5	they work great and there be a vent so you hand do not sweat . when guy see I beat the punch bag they all come up to I and ask I if I be think of a boyfriend who ` do I wrong ' ! LOL
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these to replace the brake and do routine maintenance on both of my car , and so far , they have be worth every penny pay for they . they be easy to get on and off , and provide protection against cut and hot surface . the Mechanix website have a size chart in case you have question about what size to order . I end up with a medium even though my other glove be all in the large or x-large range , so double check the chart !!
Gloves	POS	5	buy these glove because certain exercise put a lot of stress on my hand and create callus . these glove fit comfortably on my hand and the grip be great . be use these for about 6 month and they be still in good condition .
Gloves	POS	4	boy have I have a hard time find a pair of weight lifting glove ! my previous one be simple leather Saranac glove , not much padding but they last for several year . the leather eventually rot out form huge hole . but I can definitely say that the Saranac glove be awesome . now onto the replacement . I try four different type of glove . harbinger 143 Harbinger 1260 Harbinger 1215 Big Grip II GoFit Diamond-Trac The Harbinger 143 glove be ok . they do not have too much padding , but fit very snug and be difficult to get off . also , the finger be short . the Harbinger 1260 and 1215 be both unusable due to have too much padding in the palm and knuckle area . the padding be comfortable for press exercise -lrb- e.g. bench press -rrb- , but make it all but impossible to do pull exercise -lrb- e.g. pull up , curl , deadlift , row , etc. -rrb- . you can try they yourselve , but save some money and take my word for it . the GoFit Diamond-Trac glove be the best of the bunch for my need . they have a little padding in the palm , but not enough to interfere with you grip . they be lightweight , so I be not sure how long they 'll last , but I 'll reserve judgment on that . they do make my hand sweat , because the neoprene on the back do not seem to breathe well . they run a little larger in size than the other glove . also , I like that they have a finger tab to help you pull off the glove . please be kind enough to indicate if review be helpful .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my second pair of iron clad ranch glove . I use they every day throwin hay , scoopen horse crap . Roundin up the horse . they be extremely comfortable . they last about 9 monthe with daily use . I get a extra couple monthe with the use of duct tape , before I break down and buy a new pair : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	after read numerous review I purchase a XL pair from a local Box store and they be pretty snug . I realize Amazon have the xxl size and they fit perfect on my large hand . these glove all run on the smaller side include the woman 's as my wife have a pair of the pink one . we both use these around the yard and garden and I use they for baton wood and general fire prep . I would ` nt call these heavy duty but for general task I highly recommend .
Gloves	POS	4	great glove for the money ! but with this say make sure to order one size bigger than you want . I order these glove the first time in m , but too small , then in l , but one glove fit perfit and the other too small . I order glove one more time in l again and a perfit fit end of story .
Gloves	NEG	1	Waterproof ? not even close . they be also not warm . however , they be great work glove . just do not plan on use they in the cold or where they may get expose to wetness .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be a pretty skinny guy and size large be still too small . the glove be nicely pad , but not comfortable at all . I return it and get the GoFit one instead .
Gloves	NEG	1	the inside of the right glove begin to shred within a matter of week . unfortunately it be past the return policy of the seller . needless to say I be very displeased . ------------------------------------------------------------------------- also do not order from MMA one stop shop they be not a licensed dealer so if the product be defective the manufacturer will not do anything about it . they customer service be useless .
Gloves	NEG	1	I use to count one ironclad glove , but for the last three year or so , the quality of workmanship have fall off dramatically . the stitch between finger unravel well before there be wear to leather portion . they look cool , and fit well , but if they come apart , they become dangerous around equipment .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit tight to the skin while increase you grip and provide some protection . the key here be to wear the right glove for the job . if I be handle something sharp , I 'll wear something heavier than these . perhaps the only flaw be in the labeling that these be heavy utility . I have be use these as a general work glove for a year now and love the fact that I still have some `` feel '' with these . I plan on pick up the framer style for situation that require more finger dexterity .
Gloves	POS	5	swim glove . I use they to increase water exercise for my arm . it be like use weight but easier to use .
Gloves	POS	4	I lift intensely four time a week , and this glove offer great protection and will last you up to a year . very good buy , especially for the price .
Gloves	POS	4	these weightlifting glove be exactly what I have hope they would be . they fit well and provide the appropriate amount of padding .
Gloves	POS	5	I love it !!!! havent wear they yet wait for it to warm up some then I will put they to the test ...
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great -- just what I have hope for . another reviewer be helpful in state that the size run large , so order a small rather than a medium be the right choice for I .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove seem to be good quality and stitch well in respect to its price the size chart be not accurate and these be much smaller than you think . I usually wear a m or l , but i have to order XL for these because I read these run very small . the other reviewer be definitely accurate in they description so be ready to order 2 size larger . the XL be very tight the first time i try they on , but do loosen up after wear they . also , the wrist strap do not really help stabilize you wrist because the glove be too short in length . they need to be 1-2 inch longer to effectively wrap around you wrist . this be go to be important if you be do heavy lifting . overall this be good pair of glove with some minor flaw . just make sure to go check about the size .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove to use on my heavy bag . I look around at local sport store , sear , etc. . they be all similarly price at $ 29.99 you can get the red one for $ 18 which be almost 1\/2 price . I buy two pair of the 12oz glove - 1 blue for I and 1 pink for my wife . I have beat my bag to death in the past week with these glove and I love they . they fit very well and in my opinion be definitely professional quality .
Gloves	POS	5	that all I ask for , a timely delivery , the product i ask for and the right size and color . like I say , what more could I ask for ? Thankyou very much Amazon .
Gloves	POS	4	good product . do what it be suppose to do . only problem be that i purchase a `` medium '' since I wear a 7 glove . the glove run large and I should have choose a small . it would have be good to have size info
Gloves	NEG	2	I work as a delivery driver for one of the parcel company , handle about 2,000 package a week . these glove do not last three week , and by that time the fingertip have serverd and a nice hole develop at the palm . I can not imaging how they would last in-building where 5,000 piece be handle in one night . surely Ironclad could have develop this glove with feedback and field testing from actual box handler before label they as such .
Gloves	POS	5	I be very please with this product . it work perfectly for its use , be well make , and I like the color . I recommend this as a purchase .
Gloves	POS	4	I write this review when I first get they , but one pair do not last nine month in the chlorinate pool . so I guess I will get another or maybe two to alternate. : this product be perfect for my entire swim routine : walk in the pool -lrb- push I along -rrb- , do squat against the wall -lrb- it allow good secure grip onto rail and wall -rrb- , and crawl stroke -lrb- better workout -rrb- . I give it 4 star instead of 5 because I think I would like it even better if the webbing go right to the top of the finger and enclose they ... ok , so it be now a few month later since I edit this review and the two set of these swim fin I get in May 2008 have start to seriously deteriorate with normal use . they be rip alongside the seam where they be stitch . so I be send they back to Amazon and yes I be order replacement and this will be the last time . if they fail this time , I will send they back to Amazon and I will look for another brand . I will reduce the star to 2 .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these to protect my hand from grow a bunch of callus . I tend to get they easily , and especially so when lift weight . these be sturdy glove that also offer some wrist support . the first pair I receive have a stitching problem that cause the material around the thumb to come loose so I return they for another pair . Worth note be that these glove run a bit on the small side . I get a large , and they feel pretty tight compare to other large glove I have use in the past . you could definitely get a larger pair than you usually use and be fine in my opinion .
Gloves	POS	4	agree with other reviewer . tough and durable , good padding . they could use a little more padding -- I do dip on a machine with unpadded grip , and sometimes feel the pressure on my palm , but these glove do much better than alternative that I have .
Gloves	POS	5	I already have a pair of these glove and after several year -lrb- 5 or more -rrb- of use and they be start to wear out . I order another pair for when the first pair go . just wash the old pair of ironclad glove and it seem that it give they a new life . what be wear be the reinforce \/ stitch finger tip . they be start to have a tendency to catch on thing . they be great for use with a chain saw and other garden tool such as a rototiller . the padded palm make the vibration of the tool tolerable . I would definitely recommend they as a work glove for use outside .
Gloves	POS	5	I wear out my first pair of glove . Amazon 's price be very competitive . I buy the medium but maybe could have use the small . they run just a bit bigger than you think , if you like they tight fitting .
Gloves	POS	4	UPDATE : I just want to update this . I send the glove back to Ironclad and today receive a replacement pair . I be glad because I really like these glove . I be hopeful these will hold up better and that I just get some that be defective in some way . I purchase a pair of these because I see a television show about they and because they be washable leather so I would be able to wash the sweat out of they . I be not a hard user of they . I also choose this pair because they be call `` Ranchworx '' so I assume they be tough enough to work on the ranch , i.e do some fencing -lrb- no barb wire -rrb- , move hay bale , move fence panel , etc. . well they do not last 6 month ! my right index finger -lrb- dominant hand -rrb- be wear through and only get larger and larger . also split at the seem below my thumb . then when I call they to return they for a warranty replacement they say I have to send they in and they would `` review '' they . could be week before anything happen . how disappointing ! if you need a good , tough , durable pair of glove ... I would avoid these .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be use Speedo webbed glove , but they leave my fingertip expose to be cut on coral . these Body Glove web glove cover you fingertip . they be also softer , so they be more comfortable , and you can use you hand more easily to manipulate you gear without take off the glove . they fit I well without have to re-stitch any of the finger -lrb- as I have have to do with other webbed glove -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	4	I go thru wheelchair glove quickly . I use they to propel but I also use they as my brake . so I give these a 4 rating just because they be a little bit harder to get off my hand than my other glove have be . it could be that they be snug or a bit smaller than the other brand I have use so keep that in mind when size . what I love be they be durable . I have use they , wash they , -lrb- no dryer -rrb- and wear they over and over . the place I ususally wear they out and get hole in be hold up really well . the padding in the place I need they seem to be thick enough for my comfort . even go down hill I do not get that hot feeling from friction . I like my finger to be out but that be just preference . also , I can still walk some , so I be not 100 % in my chair . I can transfer in and out by myself and can propel myself for the most part . my own personal recommendation be to have at least 2 pair so that you can wash one and have one ready to go !
Gloves	POS	5	very well make , wear well . these help immensely with a work out . word of caution - this be we second pair because in addition to my son who love these glove , we dog do also . do not leave they lie around !
Gloves	POS	5	very warm and fit true ! I highly recommend these glove for all biker chick !!! just put they on and away you go !
Gloves	POS	4	I be serious about acqua aerobic and the upper body workout I can get by use these high-resistance water glove . the unique velcro closure be a great improvement over other type which be a struggle to get on and off . Wish they have a `` medium '' choice of size . they only make a s and a L. these glove be a great find and the price be right .
Gloves	POS	4	I figure I would be a medium hand , but it seem a large would have fit I better . the glvo be tight around the finger crease , but that be only to my unknowing of the glove size ; one of the downside of buy online . other then that , trhey be good glove , and feel great !
Gloves	POS	5	harbinger glove : deliver well ahead of the deadline . congratulation to Amazon . excellent for weight lifting . very comfortable . Worth the price . total satisfaction .
Gloves	POS	5	I get my dad these glove for Christmas and he love they . he do a lot of carpentry and could not stop talk about how good these glove be ! he immediately ask I where i get they from so he could buy another pair , just so he 'll have they . be sure the read the other review in the other size .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be pretty comfortable and still leave a good bit of dexterity to work on the small stuff . they stay on securely and seem fairly good quality .
Gloves	POS	4	swim glove provide additional resistance to put more strain on the shoulder , arm , and lat . this build muscle . the glove be size rather inaccurately . I have a `` large '' hand , but the large size be almost too large for my hand . I recommend purchase a size smaller than what one usually use in glove . my only beef be that the velcro closure piece be incorrectly place on the wrist cuff . the velcro should extend farther than it be place on the wrist cuff . the way it be now , very little velcro on the strap engage the velcro on the glove . kone
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be nice-just what I expect . I buy these for my 15-yr-old for Christmas to go with a punch bag use for exercise and a healthy way to release energy\/anger . he be not into boxing so I do not want glove that be `` over the top '' or too expensive . I just want some to protect he hand while use the bag . these do the trick without any other hand wrap . my son play football , soccer , and baseball in hs-not a lightweight . these be perfect !
Gloves	POS	5	use these for tube the river and be impressed be a adjustment to not cup my hand when paddle dry fast and fit I well
Gloves	POS	4	the Gloves look good . I be hope these glove have a little more padding , but overall I have see much less padding in most other . overall i would recommend as they also look very nice .
Gloves	NEU	3	i get these glove for airsoft i get hit in the hand alot in CQB bit i dont whant my finger tip go so i use theese : d a bit itchy .
Gloves	POS	5	first pair of boxing glove , just want they to hit a heavy bag . they work great , good wrist support and padding for hit the bag . also easy to put on for just one person thanks to the velcro . good purchase , product be well make .
Gloves	POS	4	I be satisified with these glove . however , I have to cut the area between the ring finger and index finger because it be sewn too closely . when my hand be in the glove that area bit into my hand . I be upload a photo so can see what I be talk about because I may not be explain myself very well : -rrb- other than that I like the glove . they smell of heavy chemical when I get they . just FYI , you might want to wash they with you unimportant laundry to get the toxic smell out . I do not wash mine . and these glove do not turn my hand black . that be nice . have I first try they on at Sports Authority I may not have buy they . but after make the small cut in the glove they perform fine .
Gloves	POS	5	truly great glove use they right away to test they out , flexibility etc. . these be great and if they wear out I 'll be back for more . plus a sweat wipe be on the thumb area of the glove truly awesome
Gloves	POS	4	good quality , tough glove . I order medium since my winter glove and the latex glove I use at work be also medium size . however , the glove run small . they be very snug , and although after several use they seem to be loosen up a bit , I still find myself struggle to `` peel '' they off of my hand from how tight they fit . highly suggest go one size bigger if purchasing .
Gloves	POS	5	I drive a tow truck -lrb- Mindy 's husband here -rrb- , and these be a little light for I . I wear through the thumb and first finger in about 5 week of full time use . they be still great glove . I will be get another pair , and save the heavy stuff for bulky leather glove .
Gloves	POS	5	one of the best glove , for a certain type off weight lifting . I use it for my chest exercise , it give very good padding , but if you a look something that will give you a good grip , get something else .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove have work really well for above freezing temperature . the couple of day that we have some temperature between 10-20  my finger get a little cold , but these be only rate for temperature above 32  F. like with any work glove , you still have to take they off to manipulate small thing -lrb- nut , bolt , etc. -rrb- these glove also come with a free hat , which be nice , but it do seem to run a little small . overall a great purchase and the glove work for my need very well .
Gloves	POS	5	the Speedo Aqua glove have change my life and level of thumb pain . I have arthritis in my thumb joint . before use the glove during swimming , I massage the thumb joint constantly to eliminate the tightness and pain . after purchase the glove as a alternative to water weight , the pain diminish significantly . the glove seem to stretch the tendon thus reduce the tightness for the rest of the day . kudos for a simple solution to a painful problem .
Gloves	POS	5	I like these g ; ove so much I have to order two pair just to make sure that I have a extra set for later on in life .
Gloves	POS	4	do not listen to these other negative review . first off the glove description state `` rate to 32 degree '' so why these other reviewer would think they would keep they hand warm below that temp . be beyond I . second they never state that they be waterproof so of course you hand be go to get wet if these glove be subject to large amount of moisture . I use these glove for load truck in the winter time and they work perfect . have a pair for over a year and sure they be a little rip up but nothing too extreme to keep I from use they on a daily basis . even though I will purchase another pair here shortly for when these disintegrate totally .
Gloves	NEU	3	the Everlast 2214 pro style train glove come in 3 different weight size : 12 , 14 , and 16 oz and 4 color : blue , red , black , and pink . Everlast advertise this glove as its `` high Performance Hook-and-Loop Training Glove '' with `` dense two-layer sandwich foam for better shock absorbency . '' this be the Everlast glove that be stock in department\/sporting goods store throughout the Chicagoland area and typically cost $ 29.99 . this review be base on the 14 oz . version of this glove . my guess be that this review apply to the 2214 glove in all of its weight variation -lrb- 12 oz - 16 oz -rrb- . the exterior of the glove be vinyl . the vinyl exterior reduce the cost of the glove but decrease its longevity compare to leather glove . the fit be snug to a bit cramped . the hook-and-loop fastener make it easy to secure and undo . I prefer this type of hook-and-loop closure to the type find on certain training glove offer by title and ringside which have a additional pull down elastic flap to cover the hook and loop fastener . -lrb- the title\/ringside type fastener make it difficult to secure the glove by yourself . it may be a safer option -- likely to prevent facial abrasion -- but a boxer , when spar , be wear headgear anyway so facial abrasion be keep to a minimum render the add pull down elastic irrelevant and the aggravation that go along with secure the glove needless . -rrb- the 2214 glove be suit for a aerobic boxing class where occasional bag\/mitt work be perform . its weight be ideal for non-contact cardio-type workout and it offer adequate hand protection for light bag work session . however , this glove be not a good choice for spar or full time training\/bag work . its foam be weak and do not maintain its integrity over time . as a training glove it do not absorb the impact of a opponent 's punch well and offer average protection despite its `` dense two-layer sandwich foam . '' as a bag glove it offer slightly above average hand protection . better , albeit expensive , alternative training glove include : Everlast 's Professional Hook-and-Loop Training Glove Everlast Professional velcro train glove ; Ringside 's International Training Glove International Training Gloves - Hook & Loop Cuff ; and , Title 's platinum train Glove platinum Hook & Loop Training Gloves . all three glove be available for sale at they respective web site or through Amazon.com . in a pinch these glove may double as bag glove ; they add weight increase the benefit of a workout . a caveat , I be neither a professional nor amateur boxer . I have be train for over a year and a half and train simply to stay in shape . while training , I have try and use several different glove when hit a heavy bag , double-end bag , and punch mitt . I spar occasionally and have use several different glove when spar . my review of this glove be base on my personal experience use it during training and sparring .
Gloves	POS	5	I weightlift 2-3 hour a day at the gym . hard intense workout and these glove keep hold up . I have go through many other pair in just week . these have keep they padding and seam have hold up . a great buy for a great price !
Gloves	POS	5	I take a combat conditioning class at my gym . these glove work great and have a great wrist support . I have use they about 10 time so far and have not have any problem with the quality of the glove . I foresee use these for a looong time !
Gloves	POS	5	appear to run on the tight size which maybe a advantage for more intrigate handling . not sure what happen when the glove become wet and then dry .
Gloves	POS	5	they be great , though they do not offer as much wrist report as certain model do , they be of great quality material and be great for friction protection of the hand , ideal for lifting , work , and even workingout in . they also deliever to Iraq where I be deploy .
Gloves	POS	5	I be extremely happy with these Harbinger pro FlexClosure glove that I order through Amazon . the material be comfortable for my hand , and the leather grip be excellent for hold weight , dumbbell , or other gym equipment . the velcro closure tab be sturdy but nothing special . I will comment like other here that the glove size run just a `` tad bit small\/tight '' . so if you be unsure what size you should order , you should consider round up to the next larger size than what you usually wear . very happy with these , I be tempt to order a spare set of these glove .
Gloves	POS	5	good glove , good price . very comfortable , be sure to order a little big though .
Gloves	POS	5	at first , I be very skeptical of these glove . I have recently buy $ 15 reebok glove that be completely useless . you could imagine my skepticism when I see these glove be a few dollar less . I decide to take a chance , listen to the review , and order a size medium . pro : excellent padding very good overall padding , especially for back workout . comfortable to wear and react to sweat well inside of the glove it do not get itchy or leave mark all over my hand unlike other brand . con : tight the size be a little tight . I have somewhat feminine hand so I buy these men glove in medium instead of a large . the fit be very snug and take they off cause quite a scene . but the tight fit do not hurt my workout whatsoever . over all , good buy !
Gloves	POS	5	I recently return to swim regularly and have not try swim glove . the Speedo glove be great for strength training , they fit well , go on and come off easily .
Gloves	POS	5	thanks for all the review which convince I to buy those glove . I love the glove : very well protective -lrb- knuckle , thumb , and wrist -rrb- and very easy to put on and take off . they really `` fit like a glove '' for my small hand . I certainly will buy those glove again . I agree with many review say those glove be small for average-man hand . I use to have another Everlast sliding-in glove with elastic band , which be very inconvenient to put on , especially when wear glove on the other hand . 10\/10\/2008 -lrb- update -rrb- : I still use those glove -lrb- in black -rrb- . I buy another pair in blue . I alternate the pair every other workout . I have be use they 3 days\/week for 4 to 12 3-minute round with 30 seconds rest . they surely last long and protective .
Gloves	NEG	1	I have buy these glove in the past with the same identical model number and these glove be that I purchase be very different . not bad but more cheaply make . very disappoint in the sneaky switch .
Gloves	NEG	1	I have a pair of water glove make by Power Systems but wear they out . I send the Speedos back . I could not get the wrist strap tight enough to keep the glove on my hand . a couple of sweep through the water -- off it come . also , they just feel uncomfortable . a different size would not have help .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove hope to use they in cold weather condition , for handle tool and equipment . these be a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do not keep the water out . what be the use of a glove if it get wet ? I be obviously not gonna be use a glove as a decoration on my hand , it be mean to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . and since it rain frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these glove outside , they immediately get soak by water render these glove useless .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove have change my mind . very good dexterity . I be no longer a full time tradesman , and I can not afford to have my hand in the shape they be in when I be in the field . I do more sale then work in the field , and I have develop `` office hand '' . these glove have save I more than once when I have to go back in the field . I recently re-shingle my house and wear the glove from start to finish . no callus , no tar under the nail , and best of all I have skin on my finger tip at the end of the job . the glove do take a beating , and I do not think they would make it thru another 15 square , but they fare much better than a pair of brown jersey would have . a litte tattered and a blow seam or two , but the finger tip stay on and no hole . they be a little pricey and if they be price at around $ 12 to $ 14 , I would feel that they would be more in line with what I like to spend , but my hand be glad I make the investment . somebody who use they everyday will be go thru too many pair in a year and at the price they be now you would be spend a good bit of you hard earn cash . but price they at $ 12 buck and supplier would not be able to keep 'em in stock .
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be not the worst I have ever have , but they be really not up to the rigor of outdoor work in cold climate . Wet snow seep right through the material . and if it be rain , forget it . you hand will be wet and numb with cold in minute . and to top it off , they smell musty and mildewy -- eeew ! I be still look for a decent pair of outdoor work glove , so I would love to hear some suggestion .
Gloves	POS	4	great glove - well design and comfortable , and really create excellent resistance . glove be MUCH better than other paddle type that you slide into or you only put on you palm side . Stick with these or other glove . I have extra large hand and although they still work well , some of the stitch on each glove between the finger have start to break away and get loose . this be the only flaw on otherwise a excellent product . recommend .
Gloves	POS	4	I have use Harbinger glove for some time now and have be happy with they for comfort , fit and durability . I try these because it say washable and be happy with harbinger glove for the most part . the down side to they be the XL size I buy seem to be a large size , so they be a little tight and hard to put on and take off .
Gloves	POS	5	my pair have hold up a long time . I buy these use from a guy at the gym , where I use they once or twice per week . Boxing be really arobic and it be nice to be able to handle yourself . a thread hold the thumb to the glove for proper thumb position . abstract comment - if you have never box and curious about the sport , it be the best workout i have have since h football . one full hour of non-stop exercise and boxing . the first couple of week be very challenging , but soon after you be feel like Rocky I !! these glove be great for training . recently I join a golden glove group for the workout only - I doubt that I would ever join a team at 41 year old , but these glove have be easy to pull on and remove . the padding be more than sufficient for my need . they be ventilate in the palm which of course offer obvious benefit of comfort and fite odor .
Gloves	POS	4	nice quality for the price , but even if you follow the instruction for measure , consider get the next size up .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be everything I expect and then some ... a little stiff during the first 30-45 minute of use they the first time , but once they be break in the comfort level be phenominal !! the quality of these glove be outstanding ! I plan on order another pair but i do not think these will ever wear out !!! great product !!!
Gloves	POS	5	I have be wait to write this review until I know whether or not this product be go to last or not . I have be use these glove for about a year now and they have yet to rip yet at all . they be now all break in and feel very comfortable . they also still be protect my hand just as well as the first day -lrb- but now they be form better to my hand -rrb- . I have even recommend that a few of my friend get these glove as well . they be quite inexpensive and in my experience they have last quite well . hopefully they will last as well for you .
Gloves	POS	4	I be use those myself and just buy a couple as a gift . I use these glove 3-4 time a week and they seem to be quite durable and comfortable . recommend those
Gloves	POS	5	I boughtthese for my boyfriend for valentine 's day in red . they be a little small for he big hand but he do not complain about much discomfort . they come promptly and be package very nicely . I be happy with my purchase !
Gloves	POS	5	I work in agriculture and have try out many glove , for general utility , they work great . I have try a pair of Dewalt glove similar to these and they do not last a very long time . I have get some wear on the first layer around one thumb , but yet to see a hole . I prefer these glove over a general leather glove because of the snug fit on my hand . I recommend .
Gloves	NEG	1	THESE GLOVES be not either waterfroof or ZERO PLUS CONDITION , THEY get soaked quik and the liner break OFF REALLY EASY , I end up RIPPING the liner OUT and USE THEM AS A NORMAL GENERAL DUTY GLOVE ... UNFORTUNATELY THERE be not many glove that SUIT those characteristic , I be a BIG IRONCLAD FAN BUT THESE DO not live to THEIR EXPECTATION ... ... terrible !!
Gloves	NEU	3	I heed the warn about the size from the other review . I wear a man 's medium in every glove I wear -lrb- skiing , dirt biking , cycling -rrb- . I buy a large in these and they be still too SMALL . I wear twice and give they away to avoid the hassle of return they . then do seem very well make and design , however ...
Gloves	POS	5	I be use these glove for garden chore , move branch , rake , etc. . so far they fit well and be hold up well .
Gloves	POS	5	I take part in a water run class and always seem people wear swim glove , so think it be time to join the trend : -rrb- I must admit I didnt measure I just guess at the size and these be a great fit for I , they be easy to put on both in and out of the water , and I definitely notice the difference in my arm after work out wear these compare to when not wear they
Gloves	POS	5	these glove really add to my water exercise experience . I love they . they create more resistance and give more water exercise option . they fit true to size . great product .
Gloves	POS	4	I love these glove from Ironclad . durable and warm they be perfect for work outside in the snow and cold . my hand have stay dry and warm even when have to work in wet , icy condition reach into sump and drain . I be back to update my review on these glove . the paragraph above be write on February 15 , 2009 and today be January 24 , 2011 . I be still use these glove and find they to be very warm except when it get to bitter cold temp . once the outside air temp drop into the teens or single digit , with wind chill temp in the negative I can feel my finger start to get cold and numb if I be not actively use my hand work on something . other than that these glove still work great at keep my finger warm and toasty . I would also like to say that they be water proof to a point . I be reach into iced over gutter with water under the ice remove leaf and while my actual skin be stay dry I could tell the glove be get water log . I could take they off and ring they out so I be guess the water proof layer be the inner most layer of the glove . I also use these glove when walk my dog , remove snow off the driveway and when work outside in the cold such as on my snow blower . the textured finger tip allow I to pick up even tiny washer lay on the cement ! I be notice a lot of `` irish pendant '' or little string hang off the glove around the stitching , but that start a few month after I begin use the glove and it have not be a issue in durability yet .
Gloves	NEU	3	these be cheap , which be a big plus , and be fine for training , but feel a bit sloppy . Pretty much what I expect -- I just want a back up pair of glove to keep at the office for when I head to the gym from there instead of from home .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these for weightlifting , they be great . I measure before I order , and order the size recommend by the measurement . they be ok to put on and take off once per session . but then I have a accident and end up in a wheelchair and they be way to tight to put on and off several time a day . I order up a size and prefer they . when you wash they they get smaller so really you should order up a size unless you be lift huge amount and want no movement and be ok if you need a minute to get they off . once you find you proper size the glove be fabulous , they really have hold up under daily use . good quality stitching , good quality material , they be great glove . and the price be amazing . you will be happy .
Gloves	POS	5	warm , light , comfortable and tough . they be great for metal detect work and I like they a lot . Mechanic 's brand be popular with metal detectorist and now I know why !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be so comfortable sometimes i forget i be wear they . i use they for work and for weight lifting . they be pad on the palm side as well as lightly pad on the backhand side . i work at a door and door hardware shop and the palm side be durable enough to survive lifting door and hardware every day for over 9 month before finally tear a hole in the palmside -lrb- which should be note the tear actually occur near the base of the thumb where there be no leather , so for lift just plain weight they should last pretty much forever . -rrb- not much wrist support in these glove if you be the type that need it however , i do believe that harbinger make a similar one with the wrap around wrist support .
Gloves	POS	5	I follow other reviewer advice and buy the glove a size larger than normal . they fit great and have a nice amount of padding -lrb- not too much as to be bulky -rrb- for heave lifting . the fact that they be make to be wash means I should have they a long time . I try use they with lift strap but it just didnt feel right , but I think that the case for any lifting glove . anyway I would recommend they to anyone who do a weight lifting program .
Gloves	POS	4	in water aerobic , wear water glove with webbed finger amplify you effort . the Speedo glove hold up well in chlorine . I like the velcro fastener at the wrist .
Gloves	POS	5	great pair of glove for the shop or for move stuff around . Perfect fit , keep the tip of finger warm , and the grip on the palm side make it easy to keep hold
Gloves	NEU	3	these glove be a pretty good buy . they definitely run small so get a size up . I up-size and still get some minor pinching between my finger and the palm leather-area seem to have a few unwanted fold when I grip . initially they be rough and need a lot of break in to . do not be afraid to pull out the scissors and make small cut to relieve some of the pinch area .
Gloves	POS	5	I order the G & f glove for my husband . they be leather and really sturdy , yet comfortable . additionally , they fit he hand ; many other glove do not . my husband and I recommend they .
Gloves	POS	5	over the year , I have see the general quality of weightlifting glove diminish -- but be very pleased with this purchase . these glove be fine quality -- comfortable , and durable . I expect they will last for quite a while .
Gloves	POS	5	a very good quality glove . I have work through a few pair now but they be a very good glove . it seem though the size be get smaller . I buy a few 2xl 's year ago and the new one be tight . I do not think I have put on much weight on my finger but they seem smaller .
Gloves	POS	5	if you swim regularly for a workout , these glove add to you benefit . increase the resistance , make what should be fun even more fun .
Gloves	NEU	3	they be okay . the thread have start peel already and I have only use they three time now . I wish I would not have leave my own glove in Oki . other than that , they be regular workout glove . oh , yeah . buy a size bigger than what you would normally because the small for I be too small .
Gloves	NEG	2	these may be decent glove for beginner but if you be a decent amateur fighter , train semus seriously , or throw heavy punch on the bag , pick another glove . I use these glove for about 3 week and the middle knuckle on my left hand be start to hurt from throw a lot of jab . I think I be just go to have to bite the bullet and buy a more expensive more serious hook and loop glove as these just dont do the job .
Gloves	POS	5	can not go wrong with Mechanix wear glove . I use to buy the one with the wrist strap , but not anymore . the fast fit glove slide right onto you hand and no strap to deal with . certainly a preferred method imo .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be make well , durable , comfortable and a great value . I lift weight 2 to 3 time a week , to take a little stress off of my hand and assist my grip I buy these glove . they be very comfortable and fit perfectly . I buy a medium pair and they be definitely a snug fit , but not too tight . I have not have any issue with excessive moisture buildup or anything that would cause these to work improperly . great price , great fit , and perfect for heavy lifting . I would highly reccommend to anyone look for a new pair of weight lifting glove .
Gloves	POS	5	buy the 16oz for training . these glove fit great with wrap on , they be just perfectly tight !! the material be pretty good , not as great as leather , but you just can not go wrong with the price !!
Gloves	NEU	3	I work for up load truck . this glove be nice and comfortable . however they be not good for load box . the glove start to wear off by the tenth day .
Gloves	POS	5	good high quality product and very fast delivery . have be use they fo 4 week now and they can certainly stand up to some hard work .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be just as comfortable or more comfortable than any other glove I have own . they have a great , leather feel , but be machine washable . very impressed .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use it for a month now , it seem pretty good , never buy another glove before . one thing though , buy one size up . I have small hand -lrb- not really small but just small -rrb- and I get the medium , it fit perfectly .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for my girlfriend . she lift pretty hard , and none of the woman-specific glove be adequate . these protect she hand from the bar well , and the finger be long enough to avoid bunch up and pinch . they fit a little funny on she hand , because she have skinny woman hand , but she say they be comfortable . I ask she what she would rate they , and she say 5 star .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove continue my good experiance with mechanix line of glove I like the fast fit because I fuel aircraft and need to put they on and off , I also like they for the color this allow better hand signal to be use . there fairly warm on frosty morning but handle wet rope they get pretty wet I do not count this against they though .
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy a pair of these for work here on the ranch . the first day i split the first layer of leather , but I be rotate the chain on my chainsaw to get a jam out . Probily not design for that . they have some thread that have unravel and a few more cut but I have really run they through the mill . sretch barb wire and drive t post . cut boi d arc post and such be hard on any glove . after a year they be still alive but not real pretty . most of the time I dont wear glove because skin grow back and glove dont but I be start to get tire of bleeding . I would say they be worth buy if you catch a deal on the .
Gloves	NEG	1	recently join a muay Thai training class and buy these 16oz Everlast glove . after a little over a month , they be bust . the outer layer be a cheap material ; just a flimsy paper thin plastic -lrb- vinyl ? -rrb- cover . it burst open and expose the cheap foam inside after standard use . the product really feel like a toy . the Title glove be only a few buck more and feel really sturdy . I purchase those after this neverlast crap out on I . do not waste you money on this junk .
Gloves	POS	5	I have go through several pair of glove over the year and these be definitely up there with the best , especially for the price . high quality construction , which should last the casual lifter or hobbyist several month . I like that these breathe , which mean my hand stay cool and they do not end up stink so bad . : -rrb- also like that they be black , which hide the dirt , grime , and sweat they pick up from ordinary use . padding be good , but like most glove , wear with time . I find mine a bit tight at first , but this lessen with time . the leather also become more flexible , although not too flexible . my current pair still have some pretty good `` stiffness '' after a couple of month . for the price , these be one of my top pick for glove . the only people I would not recommend they to be those who prefer a non-leather glove or strap .
Gloves	NEG	2	I consider myself as semus train boxer . my trainer once recomend these glove but i do not . im a very heavy hitter there for this glove last I 3 month then my knuckle which be also wrap will move the paddin . if you a heavy hitter do not purchase these . I have have 2 pair of these . there cheap there fun but do not hit a heavy bag with these . I use the blue 16oz
Gloves	POS	5	best price on earth and very fast shipping ... feel good on the hand i know that this pare will last for a very very long time you can feel the quality of Harbinger honestly do not wash they yet but I be sure they will survive personal recommendation check the size chart and masseur you hand i do it and it be fit perfectly love they and be my first one actually as well enjoy !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be worth what you pay , which really be not that much . these glove be great for everyday thing , and work great in the shop . I have wear these for a while and they be really comfortable and hold there value . I encourage anybody to buy these glove . you 'll be satisfy .
Gloves	POS	5	IRONCLAD ? what else do you need to SAY ... the ONLY GLOVES MY MEN will wear .
Gloves	POS	5	I have problem grip so it be tough when the water weight come out in my Aqua fitness class . I buy these glove hope they would give I similar resistance . they do ! I can not believe what a great workout they help I achieve .
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be work great . it should be note that they be a bit different than what be picture . the velcro part be black and of a different material . this could be a change make by Harbinger , I do not know . this be the first set I have receive like this . they fit and perform like other pair that I have buy before . additionally , the packaging be not the usual thick plastic zip-lock type bag with the silica gel but rather a high gloss cardboard backing to which the glove be attach . as I say before the glove work great I just want to note these difference so you know before you purchase and be not a bit suspicious when you first receive the product . these be more than likely change make by harbinger and simply not update by the seller .
Gloves	POS	5	these probably would not be the best choice for spar , after all they be pretty cheap price wise . have say that , they really be wonderful quality for the price and if it be all someone could afford for spar it still beat the hell out of the alternative in the same price range . I buy the 12 oz to use on a punch bag . they work great . this be after return some cheap century glove , which be total crap . for the price , Everlast make by far the best product . these glove be really pretty damn nice consider the price , and I be glad I get they .
Gloves	POS	5	this be the never-ending box of glove . I know they will stop come out one day , but that day have not come yet . they fit my large hand perfectly . I can not palm a basketball , but I can palm a volleyball .
Gloves	POS	4	the harbinger brand be know for good weight lifting stuff . when you get to the 365 lb . deadlift and heavy lifting , the checkering on the bar can tear up you mitt . these be tough glove , but can be very uncomfortable when do bench press because they put a lot of pressure on the webbing in between you finger . that distraction can be a bit dangerous with 275-315lbs hover over you chest . my recommendation - buy one size bigger and avoid the tightness .
Gloves	POS	5	I have use the Speedo glove for about a year now and I love they . they provide a great upper body workout , especially if you spread you finger out . I swim six day a week , so the glove start to wear out after about three or four month . I usually purchase the blue glove , but Amazon be run a sale on the yellow , so I grab those instead . I do not know if there be a difference between they , but the yellow have last longer then the blue one have . they seem better make and in the future I will strictly purchase the yellow . as note in previous review , the size run large . in regular glove I purchase either a large or x-large - for the Speedo swim glove a medium be a perfect fit . for anyone who want a better upper body workout while swimming , these will certainly help . but you probably will be purchase 2-3 pair a year due to wear and tear on the glove - especially if you be swim in chlorine .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase a pair of these work glove mainly to use they when I work on my car . the fast-fit be great and they do stay on . the size , fit and comfort be all great . although they be relatively thin compare to other work glove out there , they protection be on par . they thickness actually enable you hand to operate more freely ; thus , I find they to be useful for many other activity that require more attention to detail such as home maintenance , service computer , simple electronic project , etc. . . I work several time on my car 's engine , air conditioner , change the handle on the four door , and change multiple flat tire , all while wear they . I have have they for almost six month now and they still look like new after a five-minute manual wash ! in a nutshell , these work glove be well design , well make , provide excellent protection for what they be , and offer a great value for money . I highly recommend they for light to medium manual labor task around the house and the car .
Gloves	POS	5	I read review and purchase this - Harbinger pro FlexClosure Wash & Dry Glove -lrb- Black , large -rrb- Undoubtedly this be 75 % leather and fit perfect ... another FYI ... my hand measure 7.5 , but I buy the large -lrb- coz it be kinda cheaper -rrb- and it fit perfectly ... thanks a lot ...
Gloves	POS	5	he love they for work . prevent slip grip and prevent he callouse on he hand . he like this brand best and this be third pair from this brand . first of this type . he have small hand and these do run small ! the small be actually quite small ! so if not sure get medium .
Gloves	POS	5	as some reviewer have mention , the size of these glove may be smaller than you think they will be . but the quality be very good . my hand be smaller than average , hence I have no problem use this . I highly recommend this pair for its grip .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these for my job as a fork-lifter . they seem good so far , the palm catch much dust but that go with the territory . they be pretty easy to use even with the paperwork . they be warm as well , much better than the pair I get at a auto shop chain one time . plus they have my actual size so I wont have to cut the tip this time . also the color mean nobody can try and steal they hahaha ! oh and they be machine washable . I love these glove .
Gloves	POS	4	I just start kick boxing so these glove be fine . however , I do not realize glove have different strap length . the glove I receive have very short strap . it be hard to fasten the 1st glove and almost impossible to fasten the 2nd glove . oh well , will research better next time .
Gloves	POS	5	I choose the medium size glove and I be glad that I do ... they fit perfectly ... the glove be comfortable and really help you get more from you workout .
Gloves	POS	4	I have these for over two year , and sure they be durable while they last the first year . but after that , the material start to bunch up and it do not protect enough of my hand . I eventually buy newer one last year of a different brand these be nice but too small -lrb- they do not protect enough of the finger and hand -rrb- and they be heavy . ' the leather start to smell and the wear down -lrb- stitch -rrb- pretty quickly . grant , these be pretty good price , I think it be good for what I buy it for but I would recommend invest in some nice pair since you 'll use these baby often . Hope this help , Daniel
Gloves	POS	5	get they in few day after my purchase and they be perfect for my cousin that train boxing and thaibo
Gloves	POS	5	just what my son want ! arrive in plenty of time for Christmas . thanks .
Gloves	POS	5	I absolutely love these glove . I have worn `` mechanix '' glove for year and the one thing I never like be the velcro strap as it would catch on thing in tight place . these glove have some sort of elastic which eliminate the velcro . other than that they be of the quality one would expect from Mechanix wear glove . I will buy again and again for sure .
Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove for light to medium work . I live on a large wooded lot and mother nature , especially lately , have make sure that I have to clear a lot of brush and do a lot of chain sawing , and they be perfect for pick up branch , log , etc. . they be also perfect for change the chain because they protect you hand and allow for great dexterity . I be not sure what people be do with they that wear they out , but mine show no sign of wear through . I just buy two more pair - one to keep in my car and another for non-greasy work . I have get a lot of chain see oil on the original pair and so reserve they for dirty work . another plus be that they fit tightly enough that I can wear they inside my mitten when I snow blow . they keep my hand warmer and when I have to take the mitten off to do something , I be not bare handed .
Gloves	NEG	2	the extra large pinch between my finger . I do not have giant hand and have other harbinger that fit great .
Gloves	POS	5	product work great , all the review be true ; inexpensive and perfect for basic protection and comfort . fit and stay on great .
Gloves	POS	5	have wear they now for a couple hundred mile on towpath and singletrack , these glove compare favorably to those I have buy in bike shop and seem much sturdier . naturally , they be make for work , not play . seam be strong and do not chafe over 10 's of mile . the velcro closure be sturdy and easily undo for stretch and nutrition\/hydration break . the leather palm provide some cushion although not really pad like gel , but this be not what one want on a mountain -lrb- get paddle ! -rrb- nor cyclocross bike . the price be comparable , too , so overall i rate these superior to those commonly offer in bike shop .
Gloves	POS	5	def what i expect and it be not that expensive . I can lift more pound at the gym now without hurt my hand . only thing i do not like be when do sit up and have you friend throw a medicine ball for you to catch . it hurt you hand when you catch it . but not a big deal i just take it off .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be great . lightweight and easy to put on and take off . they provide good grip as well .
Gloves	NEG	1	I use these glove for a day , ride a snowmobile . the leather tear in multiple spot , but my hand do stay dry . I do not use these glove to the extent as I would for work at home . all in all I be pretty disappoint . cheaper glove have last I a whole season .
Gloves	NEU	3	I work in 30 degree and most of the time my hand remain warm . the only thing be if I stop work my hand will start to get cold . they be not good for wet condition !!! even smi wet condition along with the cold its not a good sight ... but other than that they hold up to the punishment that i give they every day .
Gloves	POS	4	I work for a security firm install camera . these glove allow I to do all but the most detailed work . I be able to handle just about any size object and get the job do . in the past , when wear normal work glove , I have to remove my glove to do detailed work -lrb- small screw , bracket , mount camera ... -rrb- , but not any more ! I only remove they for very detailed work -lrb- like wiring and terminate -rrb- . Mechanix wear make lighter glove , but these have hold up well and as state above , allow I to do all but the most detailed work . on the downside , I do not expect these glove to last more than a few month on the job -lrb- ulike my deerskin glove -rrb- , but I consider these glove as a essential tool , and superior protection for my hand ...
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy these glove for weightlift at my local gym because I need a tighter fitting glove . this glove I have to order a size larger and even still , they be very uncomfortable at the webbing between my finger . I feel that the glove cut too deep at these point and that there be too much material in between the finger . I need a good pair of glove that could be use for rowing and weightlifting . while I find that these glove work for my short period of weight lifting , they be less than ideal for long period of time on the rowing machine . the pain be simply too much and my hand grip adjust in a way that be more uncomfortable on my wrist . it be too bad because for the price and the velcro strap on the wrist , it have the potential to be better .
Gloves	POS	5	fast fit be the glove to have . Black be the best color because it hide stain . extremely comfortable . no one I know want the type that have the velcro strap on they after they have own a pair . Wash and wear ! use this model of glove for 8 year drive a AAA truck and now use they ride my dirt bike . when they get very dirty , wash they in you bathroom sink with powder laundry soap , wring out and air dry . ok to tumble dry too .  Mechanix wear Fast-Fit Gloves Black Extra large XL mff-05-011
Gloves	POS	4	exactly what I need for my pe class as we be get into weight lifting . they be comfortable to wear and do they job as weight lifting glove . - one Problem with the glove be the stress they can exert at the v between finger when catch a weight ball . Watch out for that , it 'll hurt .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove a week or two ago and have wear they 6 day a week , for roughly 4 to 9 hour a day and I have not have a singe problem with they yet -lrb- except for my friend steal they from I because they have not have the chance to go and get they own pair yet -rrb- . it seem to I after read several other review that the people who complain about these glove be not use they for they recommend purpose . Ironclad 's design philosophy be to make highly task specific glove -lrb- to get more information on what task these and other ironclad glove be specify for go to the iron clad website , iclad.com -rrb- these glove be not for gardening , the company say so , so why buy they for that ? of course they will not work as well . a friend of mine buy a pair of ironclad glove and use they for 5 year without any problem , and then buy himself another pair recently . it seem to I , that these glove be aware of they owner intend usage , and self destruct if it be something lighter duty then they be design for -lrb- i.e. landscaping or the weekend warrior -rrb- these glove be not for the weekend warrior , they be for anything from rig to carpentry to light demolition to law enforcement and everything in between -lrb- and gardening be not include in that spectrum -rrb-
Gloves	NEG	1	these be extremely uncomfortable workout glove . I use a few time then purchase another brand . would strongly recommend against purchase these .
Gloves	POS	4	so far so good . they come in small size which be good for my smaller hand . I have a question . what be the 2 little tab that be attach near the inner wrist ???
Gloves	POS	5	IRONCLAD ? what else do you need to SAY ... the ONLY GLOVES MY MEN will wear .
Gloves	POS	5	love these glove , though like other reviewer state , you should definitely order a size larger . I go up to a XL and they be still fairly tight before I break they in .
Gloves	POS	5	as a landscape contractor , my glove be a essential tool . I generally go through about a dozen pair of leather driver type a year . I be extremely hard on the forefinger and palm . I try a ironclad ` heavy duty ' pair and they last about a year of heavy use . I still wear out the forefinger -lrb- tip and about 3 hole down the finger -rrb- but overall the glove be very good . it be comfortable and protected my hand well . the re-enforsed fingertip be good for use my hand in the soil . the velcro wristband hold it on securely and the add protection sewn in seem to be in the right place . the only drawback be , these glove offer no protection from the cold at all , but for a heavy work situation , I reccommmend this product highly . I intend to buy another couple of pair and perhaps the cold weather version as well .
Gloves	POS	5	item purchase be a gift . Recipient say it be exactly what he want .
Gloves	POS	4	they be basic lifting glove , if you want anything more then its not go to be at this price range . they get the job do and keep you hand in one piece . receive a 4 of 5 star because of the fit . I like my lifting glove pretty tight and it might not be the glove itself but in the begin the stitch inside dig a little into the skin between you middle and ring finger . have not break the skin but can be distract at first , they need to be wear a little .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these swim glove in yellow , in order to be see on we busy lake in the summer . my husband like they so much he ask that i order a pair for he . I think they run a little large , and they stretch , so order they a bit smaller .
Gloves	POS	5	day in and day out , these be the swim add on that I can not live without as I now feel as if my hand be build as they should be for swimming . after all , this be what creature from other species who be build to swim be give as part of they dna code . webbed paw , what more could I wish for in the water ? these be perfect for every swimming stroke : side stroke , crawl , breast stroke , all back stroke , underwater swimming . I do not even bother take they off for surface diving . my hand and arm be so much stronger after swim with these daily . it be the easiest thing to add into any water workout and feel part of you body from day one .
Gloves	POS	4	this be a good basic training glove . Works well and be adequately pad . one strange problem be the web between the middle and ring finger be fairly shallow compare to the rest of the glove - so while it do not `` pinch '' it do press against the web of my hand if I pull the glove on tight . although if I simply put the glove on without pull it down , it be fine and do not cause a problem while work out .
Gloves	POS	5	I live in a area be it rarely reach below freezing but rain often . I buy these glove for extended work session where ski glove would shred quickly . the last pair of ski glove I be use to work outside have a Goretex liner . my hand stay dry , but the glove themselves would eventually become waterlogged . before purchase these Ironclad Tundra I be careful to check that there be a outside layer of protection of the element so this would not happen . they have work well for I in this respect . these work great for my purpose . I do not treat they like leather work glove , or expect they to keep I warm at temperature far below freezing . I like the extended wrist , it help keep cold water from run up my sleeve under my jacket . the thin layer of Thinsulate keep I warm enough in my climate and do not make it hard to do my work . these glove have last I through a couple of winter so far , but I do not work outside all day every day . design be compromise and these glove make all the right compromise for my purpose , include ... cost , weatherproofness , breathability , Coverage , durability and warmth !
Gloves	POS	5	very comfortable and seem very durable . my Golden Retriever immediately give they he carry and shake wear test and they survive unscathed . I purchase these in hope of use they as shoot glove but they may prove to be a little heavy for that purpose , especially for smaller handgun . they do work for my g23 , but that firearm be design for gloved use . if that prove to be the case they will become my `` indoor '' work glove . size be spot on and the price be hard to beat .
Gloves	POS	5	I have purchase these glove in the past and they last I several year . the other thing I enjoy about these glove be the fact that the finger length be longer then normal which help protect my finger .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase these glove with the intent of buy another pair of cheap glove . but I be glad to say that the padding have not wear down . they fit nice . the only thing be that they fit small . so if my suggestion be to go a size bigger . overall I give they 5 star .
Gloves	POS	5	I send 2 pair of these glove to my son in Afghanistan . he be a mechanic and work out on the flightline every day . it be cold out there . he state these glove be perfect for he need . I send two , because one of the other review say they wear out quickly . I be not sure if this be the case , but if it be , my son have another pair . the price be good and reasonable . Amazon ship directly to my son 's APO address . he receive they about a week after I place the order . he have no complaint and be very satisfied with the glove . 5 star for the glove , and 5 star to Amazon !! my son be 6 ' 3 '' with very large hand . the XL fit he perfectly .
Gloves	POS	5	well consider the fact that I want a pair of glove for welding . these glove be great . I actually be quite surprised how well they fit . they be very comfortable and I may just use they for other thing that I need glove for around the shop ... I even like they so much that I return and buy 2 more pair .
Gloves	NEG	2	I be only 5 ' 7 '' , 133 lb , a small guy . I order these man 's glove , size m. size m arrive . although they appear and feel nice , they be way too small for I . for decade , all size m glove fit I fine , but not these . I give they to my wife -lrb- they fit she -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	my wife drive a school bus every day , I give she a lot of credit for that . in that line of work much time be spend be sure that the bus be safe for the precious cargo it carry . when I find out that she be check she king pin , lug nut and the whole safety check with a pair of cloth gardening glove that have green clover all over they I know something have to be do . after a extensive yet pleasant search I settle on the Mechanix wear fast fit Glove , I be glad I do , they run true to size and have hold up well . a side note be that all the other driver have stop snicker about she fancy garden glove and wish they have a pair of these in they life . they be a good glove .
Gloves	POS	5	have not use they yet to work on the car . -lrb- I do not want to get they greasy . -rrb- I have enjoy use they for bike ride , and other light work around the garage . they provide good cushioning , protection and grip . they remind I of soccer goalie ' glove except the palm and finger be more durable and not quite as sticky with more `` feeling '' \/ sensitivity .
Gloves	POS	4	we do a lot of spar at the gym . Everlast be ususally a good bet . I have only hear of everlast boxing glove fall apart too early maybe twice over the last 14 year . these be good glove for spare , etc. . I still keep a pair in my bag but I make the switch to a higher price glove a while back and have not pull these out of the bag since . I have go through a few pair of these glove over the year and they be well worth the money . once you go to a higher quality brand you probably will not go back to these , but they get the job do for a good price . I would not recommend they for just hit the bag because they be a bit hard and you risk damaging you wrist .
Gloves	POS	5	I be a general contractor , and recently outfit my company with ironclad heavy utility glove . we be work on a 25 unit townhouse project - develop the land , lay foundation , construct unit , landscaping , etc. . throughout each phase of the job , my guy wear ironclad . not only do the glove outlast every job they be use on , they be the most comfortable and capable glove I have ever worn . the fit be unreal - a tough glove that fit perfectly - truly a gift from the god !
Gloves	POS	5	the glove increase the surface area expose to the water and greatly increase the resistance . great training aid . can lat up to a year .
Gloves	NEG	1	these glove split a seam -- one on the back of the hand , near the thumb -- the second time I use they . and , no , I do not have fat hand : the glove fit well , they just be not make well .
Gloves	POS	4	I have use this glove on almost a daily basis for the last 2 month and they be among the best I have own . the seam on the first and second finger of this glove have not fail like most of my other glove and the double layer of leather on the finger tip ensure it will not wear through . my hand be medium size , but I have small finger . I be hesitant to order glove online because I insist on glove with finger that fit ; I hate have space at a glove finger tip . I cross my finger and order a small size ; the finger fit well but the palm be a little small . although the glove feel a little small at first , the palm material stretch very well and the pair soon feel just fine . however , the a seam around the stretchy material in the palm be begin to fail . these glove be inexpensive , fit well , and hold up . I be go to buy another pair .
Gloves	POS	5	I have absolutely no boxing experience but i decide to start hit a old century wavemaster that ive have since i do karate as a kid . this glove seem reasonably price so i order the 14 oz . and they do a good job protect my hand while hit the bag and after get use to put on and adjust they they become pretty comfortable . overall im satisfy with the purchase and ill probably end up buy a pair of the pink woman 's version for my girlfriend too
Gloves	POS	5	just the right fit . I be so happy with both the product and the price , I buy two - one for I and another for a gift for the owner of the pool I swim in !
Gloves	NEG	1	these oare not great for aqua fit because I have to take they off & put they on again . these glve do not work for a quick paced class .
Gloves	NEU	3	purchase because many review have say these be better than those mechanix glove they have at home depot . I can see why many would feel that way , but I struggle to enjoy these glove at work . for one , the leather on the palm\/fingers be way too soft . I can not grip cardboard box very well with these on , and you can forget about anything make of plastic . I plan on use these to protect my finger from splinter off the terrible wooden table at work , but instead of pull shard out of my skin I have to tweeze they out of these soft glove . tl ; dr : a harder leather would have make these perfect for I .
Gloves	POS	4	this glove be great for we many month of winter here in the North . I be purchase my second pair just in case I lose the first pair .  I do not want to be with out a pair these glove !!
Gloves	POS	4	they certainly look nice . I just wish they be pad a little heavier on the palm which would assist during military press and benching . also , I wish the finger sleeve be slightly longer as to protect more skin , but that ok . im just use to a old pair of ski glove that i have convert for weight lifting . they have much thicker padding and perhaps in comparison , these fall short . however , these do look great ... and be washable . they claim the leather will not shrink in the dryer either , let hope not . there be a tag on the inside which irritate the wrist at time . pull it off would probably destroy the stiching and diminish the integrity of the glove , so i 'll just leave it . all in all , a decent pair of gym glove for the price . I check around ... these glove be more expensive elsewhere .
Gloves	NEU	3	I purchase two set of glove . I have use one set for less than 2 month and the rubber on the palm side of the glove have already develop large split . I use they for less than 25 minute per session . I find the glove useful in create resistance but would not recommend they for value receive .
Gloves	POS	5	the best training glove that I ever see , I use this glove with Everlast Evergel Hand wrap s\/m to a better fit and punch . Muito boa para treino , eu uso esta luva com o modelo Evergel hand wrap para um melhor encaixe e sem mobilidade para potencia e precisao no soco . train glove : 12 oncas e Evergel Hand wrap s\/m , um pouco apertada , mas muito boa quando se acostuma !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for lap swimming not realize that they be fingertip . this make they a little heavy for my purpose , but I can imagine that they would be great in the ocean -- where they be intend to be use .
Gloves	NEG	2	it be way too small ... size large feel like a small medium . I do not try to return it . just not use it .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my second pair . I be still use the old one -lrb- about 4 year old -rrb- and this one look more rugged .
Gloves	POS	4	I have the older style of these glove with the elastic velcro strap -lrb- 2912b -rrb- , and they have hold up great in the year that I have own they . the newer style with the velcro wrist wrap -lrb- 2212 -rrb- be way more secure , but I have no complaint as I get mine on sale a for $ 10 . I be no boxer , but these be great for just bag use or sparring . the padding be perfect and protect very well against injury . the anti-microbial lining be great as it prevent the inside of the glove from smell or deteriorate . if you be serious about the sport , you should definitely upgrade to the higher end glove . however , if you be look for some affordable glove that get the job do , then these be the perfect choice .
Gloves	NEU	3	these glove be very comfortable and excellent for fitness in a standing position in the pool . . but overall they be extremely bad . I use they maybe 2 month and the palm on the right hand glove start crack until it finally break down completely . I order normal hard swimming pad but those be only great for swim stroke only . . im force to buy these for the fitness sadly ... I wouldnt buy THEM if you be going to DO SWIMMING LAPS with THEM Yes for the fitness and resistance part .
Gloves	POS	4	basically a very good pair of glove . they work very good and be easy to strap . they do not start smell and they stay fresh . they be easy to put on and they have a little thing to keep the glove from slip but not to much to annoy you .
Gloves	NEU	3	I have purchase this specific model of Speedo Aqua Fit Swim Gloves many time . this time the stitching be not the same on both glove . the right hand be sewn correctly , but on the left hand the stitching of the index finger be off and I can hardly get my finger in the glove . I have not have this experience with past purchase .
Gloves	NEG	1	on my second workout the palm on one of the glove tear . I also find these glove to be quite uncomfortable compare to other glove .
Gloves	POS	5	I live the the hot and humid southeast US and get these as a outdoor wood glove for which they seem to work nice . hopefully they will hold up over time . I be glad that I choose the XL over the large since they come a little tighter than expect but I be confident they will stretch with use . overall a nice glove with good hand protection that I feel will handle anything I throw at they .
Gloves	POS	5	I go through many review and different glove before decide to get this for my husband after he old pair start fall apart . he work out 5 time a week and use these every day he really like these glove and well so do I as the palm of he hand be not so dry and damage from weight lifting as before .
Gloves	POS	5	this weight lifting glove be very comfortable and easy to get on and off , however I be female and usually wear a size large in a lady glove and have to order a xxl in a man 's size , so they do run small . outside of they run small , I rate they very highly . they be hard to wear out .
Gloves	POS	5	my husband receive a pair of these glove as a retirement gift -- like he would be do a lot of gardening or handyman thing around the house ! instead , he use these at the gym to lift weight , etc. , and love they . I buy another pair through Amazon for Christmas , as he be always misplace the original pair ... now he have 2 pair .
Gloves	POS	5	I just purchase this and be eager to try . I would definitely recommend ~ very good if you want to add a little more drag to build better muscle or stay lean . .
Gloves	POS	5	glove  harbinger 143 man 's pro flexclosure Wash & Dry Gloves  I use the glove at the gym while exercise on they equipment . order at least one size larger than you normal glove size . I generally buy large size glove , but order xx-large and they fit well . if you have get any concern and do not want to hassle with a return , go to a brick & mortar store and try some on .
Gloves	NEU	3	I buy the speedo aqua glove in December 09 and within 3 week the rubber start come off around the thumb area . I notify Amazon.com and they be very helpful in replace they for I . I have have the new pair about 3 week and they be also start to wear in the thumb area . I swim lap for 1 hour a day and love how you can glide through the water with the glove on but they just do not seem to hold up for any length of time .
Gloves	POS	4	the Harbinger pro FlexClosure glove be a terrific addition to anyone 's workout gear . I have problem with my hand and these glove make a strong effort possible during my workout . the fit be nearly perfect . they suggest I measure my hand before order . good thing I do . I would never have order the large glove when in fact they be exactly what I need . well make and very comfortable !
Gloves	POS	5	I realize a need a glove to increase the amount of weight i could lift . this make do squat , dead-lift , lateral pull down , and dumbbell pretty easy . I can actually get my muscle to work rather than hurt my palm . decent padding , decent price . yes , I read other review , order one size larger . I also try the size in sport authority before order it online -lrb- its be 3 dollar cheaper on amazon -rrb- . the material near the thumb look little cheap , let see how long they last . overall happy with the purchase . April 2012 Update = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = these be really nice pair of glove , I have be regularly use they in the gym and they be still in very good condition . change my rating from 4 to 5 !
Gloves	NEG	1	I use a pair of these glove for less than a month and the stitch on the finger give out in one place and have start to come apart in about 3 other . I have use the glove around my home , do light carpentry and groundswork .  it appear from the review that I be not the only one to have this problem .  i call Ironclad and they say , probably defective , no problem just return to amazon - which I do , and receive a full refund .  I would be willing to try they again , but I end up purchase a different brand from a local vender .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be much tougher than latex one . after wear they for a while , they do not become loose . this be a good product .
Gloves	POS	4	I have not have the glove very long , but , so far , they be wear `` like Iron '' . great fit and very comfortable .
Gloves	NEU	3	the glove work great but be tough to get back off . whatever size you think you be , buy 2 size bigger if possible . I buy one size larger but they be still tough to get off and feel a little tight . I stretch this out so it be start to feel a little better .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these before go into a summer job at a golf course and want something where I could handle small thing but would be strong and protected . the extra padding on the fingertip be very good and useful . the glove be a great fit and they breathe well too . after look over a lot of different glove before buy I make a great decision with these and would definitely buy they again .
Gloves	NEG	2	I love these glove but they will not last . you would be lucky to get a year out of they . I guess they be cheap enough to buy new one every 7 month or so .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase 2 pair of glove for a friend of mine and for myself . I be look for this purchase since a long time ago and take advantage of the recent low price on this item . ship be free and I be very pleased with the quality and the ease of use of the glove . they sure be thin yet strong enough to protect you hand while work . I use they to fix my car mostly . I would recommend this purchase .
Gloves	NEG	1	it have a size problem , my mom and I measure my hand and it say size m , but it be too big and when I swim with that it do not work well . I have to organize all time and I can not swim good I be so sad , because it be so expensive and I can not use it : -lrb-
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great . they fit really well . my finger can move completely freely as if they be a second skin . and they be durable . I use they for everything and highly recommend they .
Gloves	NEU	3	useful but not very comfortable , very safe and protect the hand but be not as easy to put on and remove , be a good article for use at home or work
Gloves	POS	5	no more worry about get chemical on my hand . the glove be durable and I love they . a + + + Seller !!! I be very happy with the product and cost and speed of shipping !
Gloves	POS	5	the only thing I would like to change would be the color of the item . but as far as performance , they be top notch and very dureable .
Gloves	POS	4	make the upper body part of a water aerobic workout more challenging . these glove provide good resistance but they do wear out , for I it take about a year of three time a week use to wear through the material .
Gloves	POS	5	love they . Super well make , great padding -lrb- not to much or to little -rrb- and they have little tab which make take they on and off easier .
Gloves	NEU	3	help relieve hand pain and stress for first 3-4 month . then padding wear down and finger hole widen as increase my lifting . basically have need new one since the 3 month mark of lift 3-4 time a week . look to purchase new glove now because I have get worse and worse calise and these do not have enough wrist support . would only recommend for beginner .
Gloves	POS	5	I feel that this be a great product . it be price within my range . the glove fit well and provide good padding for my fist .
Gloves	NEG	2	glove fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . not heavy duty , very lite duty . do not recommend .
Gloves	POS	4	I be just in between the m and the l -lrb- 8 '' circumference -rrb- , so , base on other review about go up a size I opt for the large . though the glove fit , it be a little bit loose , but not enough to say I buy the wrong size . I do see how other user could have the pinching between the finger , but since my glove be slightly roomy , I do not have this problem . I have have it for a few week and use it 3 time a week for freeweight , kettlebell , and strap . I be glad I buy these glove . I give 4 star because it should be possible to get a snug fit glove without the pinching .
Gloves	POS	5	these be the best glove I have come across for roofing . these glove have outlast all other . dexterity and grip be good . Wearout be great as these kind have be in use daily for two month before the finger tip wear out . in a roofing enviroment that be great !
Gloves	POS	4	well , this glove be good for the price . fresh out of the box they be stiff and kind of hard . after a couple day of use on the heavy bag they get softer . it be be about three week of use -lrb- 4 day a week -rrb- and they feel good . still not as good as my twin special , but for half the price they be decent .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be perfect for workout involve heavier weight when a wrist guard be not prefer . both side of the glove be pretty heavily pad to avoid blister . also , I have have glove in the past with weak spot between the padding that easily rip . these do not . the only thing I find a little odd be the two little leather loop on the inside of the wrist . these be here to attach to the packaging . why be they leather and why be they permanent ? weird .
Gloves	NEG	1	these glove rip too easily . I be on my second pair in only a few month . email Everlast and they never get back to I with a resolution . look at other glove if you hit hard .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these in band rehearsal , wear they the whole time to avoid mark up my trumpet . they work great for that , and will also remove fingerprint easily if you handle the trumpet . after a while they do get dirty and I wash they . I do not know if that remove the silver cleaning property but they still work for remove smudge . recommend !
Gloves	POS	5	these be the best `` grip '' work glove that I have ever buy . they be slightly snug fitting so they stay on you hand well , even when you be do a activity like pull heavy cardboard box off a pallet . you can easily turn the page of a book and use a pen to write with they on . you can also drive very comfortably with they on . I have be buy these glove for about the past five year from local hardware store . in my line of work , which involve : move box make of cardboard and plastic , drive , and manipulate sheet of paper daily , they 'll last approximately four month . Amazon 's price be the best I have see so far .
Gloves	POS	5	this have be some great glove for the gym i appreciate the Item , really need it . . the grabbing be great and how it protect the hand palm also its amazing thank you alot .
Gloves	POS	5	I be 130 lb ; 12 oz be too light for spar and 16 be slightly bulky + heavy for I to work on the bag with , so I get the 14 oz one . great blue color , look better than the black one , and a great construction . not that much of a smell to they as some people say , just a slight smell of the fabric . I be sensitive to smell and have seasonal allergy and have no problem work with they . my hand be not that big , and these glove be the perfect fit . have not try , but I think it 'll be tight to wear handwrap inside they . maybe they 'll stretch with use . .
Gloves	POS	5	these training glove work very well . they be easy to get on with the one velcro strap . they be weighted well and provide good support for those active training session . I use mostly with my punch bag and have no complaint . plus the color be nice . two thumb up ... I mean 5 star .
Gloves	POS	4	I recenly buy the glove to make my winter work easier . so far I have not be disappoint . I pour concrete with they and they prove to be waterproof on the clean up . they protect against the cold better than I expect . combine the warmth of a good winter glove and the toughness Ironclad be famo for .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these glove because they be washable and people rave about they durability . I agree with both of those point , but be a little disappointed in the glove because they do not have flap that extend to the second knuckle on my finger . the lack of protection mean the glove do not provide enough protection and grip on some exercise .
Gloves	POS	4	all I can say be that the glove be great . only down side with the black one be that they leave black residue on you face if you wipe the sweat from you forehead .
Gloves	POS	5	it be ridiculously difficult to find decent work glove in a size small ! I guess in order to not be emasculate , lot of glove start at a size medium , and as a chick , that be still too big for I . with these , the small not only fit ... like a glove haha , but the quality be way better than what I have be use in a synthetic glove . price be very reasonable for what you be get . in case anyone want to know the content : 50 % synthetic leather 30 % polyester 10 % elastic 5 % foam 3 % polyurethane 2 % polyvinyl chloride , Rubber
Gloves	NEG	1	very disappoint . I do a lot of outside work in the winter and think these would be just the thing . the palm and finger be rugged which be good but the glove be not very warm and get wet easily . additionally I think xxl would be big enough but it be a real stretch to get these on .
Gloves	POS	5	as it say , these be tough glove , high quality construction , good fit , comfortable . I have not wear they for too long yet , but so far so good .
Gloves	POS	5	in all honesty , this deserve a 4 out of 5 because 5 would probably be for something awesome . this be just cool , it do it be job normally but I have a valeo workout glove and it do pretty much the same . I have only have it for two week now so I be not completely sure on durability , especially cause I do not use it for vigorous weight training or anything , just here and there . it be comfortable and fit I , however , I notice that even though I follow the size recommendation , it be on the tighter size . not the uncomfortable range , but to the point that if it be even a tad smaller , it would not have work at all . and the only reason it even fit be because I also have skinny hand so if you have normal or big man hand , get a size up . so if you think you be a large , get a extra large , etc etc. . the size go like this , take a tape measure and measure around the knuckle area . completely around . in inch . 6.5 - 7 = x 7 - 7.5 = s 7.5 - 8 = l 8 - 8.5 = x l etc etc. . so if you have skinny hand , you can stay with you size , if you have thick man hand , it be highly recommend to get a size up . I do not have girly hand or anything like that , it be just that my hand be thinner , especially my finger . how durable will probably take time to determine , but so far I be pretty happy , the purchase be a decent one . lift weight feel better .
Gloves	POS	5	I have only get to use they 2 or 3 time since I get they but the certainly help a lot with exercise like pull-up . they have a fair amount of padding so it be a bit odd to hold bar and thick rubber grip on machine , but I get use to it pretty fast .
Gloves	POS	5	good glove , my only fear be that I be not get the right size . that be not a problem and I be usee they 4-5 time a week . I would buy they again .
Gloves	POS	5	this be the 3rd time I have order the hand Finns . I use they almost everyday to swim lap . I have a pool in my back yard so I be lucky . Great for work out in water z
Gloves	POS	5	I follow Glove size chart and buy size l. glove be a bit too small but after I wear it for a few time they get stretch . one more thing , no tracking number of the package .
Gloves	POS	4	very handy to have around if you have to change a tire , shock , or anything relatively dry . be soil easily when deal with moisture , oil , gas , etc , and become a bit unpleasant to use .
Gloves	NEG	2	like many other have already say , the size run way too small . I be 5 ' 9 '' , 165lb , and I actually measure my hand -lrb- accord to the image above -rrb- and I come out to large . I order large and what come be a extremely tight fit glove . I could hardly make a fist because it be so tight . I be return it for sure .
Gloves	NEG	1	I think I have research the different glove pretty well but here 's what I could not know - I order the man 's 143 pro Wash & Dry Gloves in the XL size since that be the size of glove I wear in every other phase of my life . these glove ship as promise and it do say XL on the tag but I could just barely get my mitt into they ! this AM I decide to give it a go anyway , think , `` oh , the glove be probably suppose to be this tight so as to allow for expansion after I work up a sweat . '' NOT !!! holy crap , I do 15 rep on my lat machine and I lose the feeling in all 10 finger ! I stop right then and there and spend the next five minute try to get the thing off my hand ! I be go to return they if I can and try they xxl glove . the company be base in California so I have to wait until 10am est to call they customer support line . I be go to ask they who the `` man '' be that they use as benchmark for size they equipment . I mean if this glove be a XL I wonder who could possibly fit into the small ?
Gloves	NEU	3	all in all the glove be acceptable . I do not know if it be just this pair , but the velcro on the left wrist be not positioned properly . unless I make it tighter , in which case not all the velcro be overlap , the wrist space be too large and water get in a and make a drag . the right wrist be fine . this be the 4th pair of glove I have use . the best so far be by Zura , but I could not get the same model .
Gloves	POS	4	I get these for work in Antarctica . so far no complaint , my hand stay warm on most day here but occasionaly get a little chill . I think I buy XL but get large instead , a little snug at first but once break in a good fit . the tightness might have something to do with my hand get cold .
Gloves	POS	5	so far , I have get these cover in crap work on my truck three time , all three time wash they and they come out look like new . already save my hand once when a breaker bar slip and slam my hand into the truck . I would buy another pair .
Gloves	POS	4	I own the cheaper plastic one and they actually work better than these . they be a bit small as well , the plastic one be much wider and more effective .
Gloves	POS	5	fit perfectly . gift for someone else . they love they and say they work well for he weight lifting . protect he hand . now he just have to go to the gym more often to wear they .
Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove ! I have no complaint about they , but I do think I should take a moment and address a common complaint that almost keep I from buy they . several people have comment that the glove run small . these complaint be frankly idiotic . these people have obviously never own anything make of leather . news flash -- it stretch ! yes , the glove be small and do pinch at first , but after about a week 's worth of wear at the gym they fit perfectly . there be no reason to order one size too big , because if you do you run the risk of they be too loose , which would cause they to rub and cause blister , which be the whole point of buy they in the first place ! buy these glove in the right size , and if you have more patience than a preschooler you 'll love they !
Gloves	POS	5	I be a beginner in aqua fitness . I have have joint pain since postnatal three month ago . I have order these glove for light exercise . I find these glove well make with good material . they give smooth movement in pool exercise .
Gloves	POS	4	because of the low price I go ahead and order two pair of glove after read all the good review . the glove be durable , well-made , and confortable except for the webbing area between the middle and ring finger where it dig into the skin . after cut out some material in that area the glove feel and fit great . due to the low price and super saver shipping I be willing to do some alteration of my own , have these cost much more I probably would have return they for something that fit more comfortably right out of the box .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove for my husband for Christmas and he have be very happy with they . he lift 3-4 day per week , moderate weight . these be perfect for he level of lifting .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be exactly what I hope they would be . Perfect amount of padding , yet still light weight and durable . I be very very satisfied . must buy if you plan on work out and hate those callus !
Gloves	POS	4	take the advise of the other reviewer seriously ! Order one size larger ! I do that and the xxl fit I snug . the padding be what I would call medium - which be just what I want . you can easily close you hand around a weight bar but there be some decent cushioning . the only reason I do not give five star be that the wrist strap can kind of distract and irritate just a little . also , I have only have these for about a month and use they probably ten time . so I can not say how they 'll hold up ... except that these replace another pair of harbinger that finally fall apart after about 5 year . that be pretty good for weight-lifting glove that get use -lrb- and sweat in -rrb- a lot . I do not bother do anything to take care of they either . these be soft leather and quite comfortable aside from the wrist thing I mention . they also feel sturdy which make I think they will last five year like my last pair do .
Gloves	NEG	1	do not buy these glove . they be not worth the little money you spend on they . they be extremely cheap and flimsy and give off a strong chemical smell . do not underestimate how strong these glove smell . its nauseating and it doesnt go away . regret every penny spend on this trash . if you serious about training , and want a quality product , invest in some reye glove . they be $ 100 + but real leather and they last you . I dont even want to give these glove away they be so bad . the garbage seem like the final destination for this crap . Waste of money .
Gloves	NEG	1	I recently purchae the framer version of these glove . they be cofortable , but do not last . I have be use they for two week and 4 of the finger be bust through the seam . I pay 29 buck so I expect more . I think I will go back to the Atlas knit glove with rubber coating and cut the two finger off each glove I need to roll nail . the atla ' be not great , but for 3.00 buck they be far better that the Ironclad .  Ron
Gloves	POS	5	I be a tow truck operator and these be perfect and at a great price to boot .
Gloves	POS	5	I be ecstatic about these glove , so much that I just order another pair to have around when this pair wear out -lrb- not in the foreseeable future -rrb- . first , the size ... for comparison , I wear a medium in Nike batting glove , Nike golf glove , Specialized & Pearl Izumi bicycling glove , as well as burton\/dakine\/grenade snowboarding glove . simply put , I have always be a medium . my hand measure 8 '' in perimeter when measure accord to Harbinger 's size guide -lrb- see size chart picture -rrb- . the size guide work well for I so I would not deviate from its recommendation . second , the material - the back of the hand have thin strip of leather to provide structure and a elastic fabric that stretch to allow for a comfortable fit . the palm of the hand be very lightly pad , less than the gel padding find in high end mountain\/road bicycling glove . Third , finger coverage - the coverage of this glove extend just beyond my knuckle when I be grasp the barbell\/dumbbell so it do protect against callus on the underside of that knuckle area if that be something important to you . fourth , the velcro strap be secure inward rather than outward which feel strange to I . it be not a big deal but something that I would like to note . lastly , I do not feel any discomfort with regard to raise edges\/seams on the inside of the glove . though that seem like a trivial attribute to note , I quickly realize the importance of a seamless interior when my previous pair of glove cause so much discomfort that I would have long lasting -lrb- but still temporary -rrb- impression on my hand after my workout . in summary , this be a well design , nice fitting , and comfortable pair of workout glove . they be almost as comfortable as the nicer neoprene glove but these look like they may be more durable . the current discounted price -lrb- 10 % discount for harbinger product -rrb- make this a no-brainer purchase . at this price level , I see no need to splurge on a fancy pair of glove or risk the discomfort of cheaper glove . appearance wise , they look like plain Jane workout glove which I prefer . there be , as mention by other , a chemical smell when these be new but the scent be not strong enough to raise any safety concern . as usual , the rating on Amazon be spot on and I be glad I come across these helpful review .
Gloves	POS	5	the Handler say it all be the perfect say for this glove . you get a good grip on slippery item . the diamond clad sticky palm increse you grip for handle . I purchase these for my son-in law who be a sheet rock handler and absolutly love they . he say the fit be comfortable doe to the spandex top and the terry cloth thumb upper and the Velco cuff closer .
Gloves	POS	4	these be great sparring glove , and just as state , they promote good punching technique . I would prefer if the strap stretch for a tighter fit though . I only use these for spar ; I have a separate pair for the bag . for that I would say I like the Everlast Advanced MMA glove a little better but these do the trick .
Gloves	POS	5	after a bit of look around , I choose these lifting glove . they be a snug fit , and help out with have a comfortable grip . just enough padding for protection so it do not feel bulky . I have not try wash they yet , but we 'll see how that work out . I be happy with my purchase .
Gloves	POS	5	I want some type of garden glove . I use these to carry big branch , clipping , and use they for plant thing . these work perfectly for what I need they for .
Gloves	POS	4	great glove for landscaping . Knuckle and finger protection be great . these glove will last a long time . unfortunately , I lose they . so I will be buy another pair . only negative thing about the glove be the stitch on the palm come off , but do not affect the performance of the glove . also they do not provide enough grip when work with hand tool -lrb- axe , pick , sledgehammer , etc. -rrb- but overall they work great for handle branch , log , concrete , and any other rough material .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove because they come highly recommend on a photographer ' chat site I frequent . I wear they one night when it be only ~ 30f out -lrb- ~ 20 if you include wind chill -rrb- for just a couple of hour and end up with frostbite . they do not live up to they name . do not waste you money .
Gloves	POS	5	its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet its Jan 14 , 2002 and I have not recieve my glove yet
Gloves	NEU	3	these be by no mean the best glove go around - but I think offer great value . I use they every day for personal training and they get use by man and woman alike . they fit most hand and offer good padding . the velcro strap allow people to adjust the level of tightness and the glove themselves be reasonably flexible . a low cost product worth invest in for moderate use .
Gloves	POS	4	I get they for my boyfriend who start lift , he say they be great . they help with hand pain so he can lift heavier weight and for longer duration . for beginner , I would strongly recommend !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy my second pair of glove after the 1st be steal at my local gym , and be really please with they , the only tiny niggle be the finger be a bit tight and I have to kinda pull the cut off part of the finger ending to get they off but im sure with time that will become easier as the glove mold to my hand .
Gloves	POS	5	I have previously buy harbinger glove and all I have to say be they be make with very good quality . never disappoint with my purchase and the glove hold up to all the weight that it carry . Great enough ventilation for my hand and give I just the right amount of cushion . do not think this will break on I but should I ever lose this pair , I will definitely go back and buy this one .
Gloves	POS	5	I wrench a lot and also use this for to ride my bicycle . it be very comfortable , do not bulk up like other so-called $ 40 mtb glove that give you horrible blister and dirt cheap ! grip be excellent even for rubber or foam grip . few year ago I buy this and they last for quite some time . since then they change the design as I notice the wear be MUCH faster so I have to buy a new pair every six month or so . but can not complain , for under $ 12 it be so worth the price !
Gloves	POS	5	by size chart , I have to use l size but after read quite a few useful review , I decide to order XL size . I find out they fit my hand perfectly and be comfortable . if you look for affordable glove to use in the gym , I recommend these one .
Gloves	NEG	1	the fit of these glove be terrible . I measure like the instruction say and even order a size larger . I have large hand with xtra long finger . these run so small that they cut into the webbing between my finger and be very tight and painful to wear . so much so that I can not use they . would not recommend these at all .
Gloves	POS	5	these be not glove - they constitute a finger protection system ! a sucker for good propaganda , I buy mine after read all of the collateral material . thus far I have not be disappoint . though heavy , you can work in they -lrb- operate equipent etc -rrb- although fly-tying might be a stretch . incredibly warm , I think I might only be able to wear they under rather infrequent severe arctic condition . as it turn out , the claim be correct - these glove breathe . if they hold up like the lighter weight IronClad model , they a bargain at twice the price .
Gloves	POS	5	I be use a cheap pair of workout glove for about a year or so , and end up get callous on my upper palm , and sometimes after a heavy workout session I would feel my hand be sore from the bar . I wear these glove and the padding be so comfortable you do not feel any uncomfort on you finger or palm . definitely worth purchasing .
Gloves	POS	5	I to be a little sceptical . Pretty pricey for a pair of glove sight unseen . not disappoint at all . work in 30-40 degree weather with galvanized metal and hand be not only well protected but do not get cold . -lrb- not for wet work though -rrb-  two thing that really point out how tactile they be : 1 . you can open the pop top of can -lrb- soda of course -rrb- with they on . never be able to do that with any work glove before .  2 . later on , the zipper present no problem either !  I be order pair for Dad and Brothers for X-mas .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be very durable and provide excellent grip during exercise . the only thing I would want more from they be a little extra wrist support but this do not mean that I do not love they . I just buy a second pair for a friend and I have have mine for nearly a year and they be in perfect shape even after 2 wash cycle . highly recommend .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove have awsome thick padding . there be a nice velcrow strap for easy use . godd quality look like they 'll last a while ! im glad i get em ' . also the lining on the inner glove be smooth and comfortbale no itch or irritation .
Gloves	NEU	3	I have be lift free weight for the past year and decide it be finally time to try use some glove to minimize the damage the weight be do to my hand . after read through the review , I buy the Harbinger pro FlexClosure Wash & Dry Gloves . while the glove themselves do the job , they seem to be bulkier than they need to be which sometimes make I feel less comfortable lift heavier weight . overall not a bad product for the money , but if you be look for something slim then I would look elsewhere .
Gloves	POS	5	I participate in water aerobic class 4 time a week & be look for a way to improve my workout . these glove give excellent resistance in the water & have greatly improve my performance . I take a size 8 in regular glove and order a medium . they fit very well with the closure grip snugly , & the finger of the glove stop just short of the end of my finger . this allow for easy use of other aquatic exercise equipment without have to remove the glove . well make ,  Speedo Aqua Fit train swim glove
Gloves	NEG	1	I order the 14 oz in red . they fit well , have the right amount of padding for spar and moderate heavy bag work , and the lining breathe well and do not smell . after the fourth use , however , they begin to split at the seam and the stuffing start to come out . I would love to think it be because I punch that hard , but I think it be because these be not make well or be defective . return they and buy more expensive glove .
Gloves	POS	5	comfortable and do what it be suppose to do ; protect my hand . these glove have a good feel and seem to be of pretty good quality . I would recommend to anyone .
Gloves	POS	5	velcro closure tab make for easy on & off , last much longer than other brand and give good water resistance when exercise . best I have ever find .
Gloves	POS	5	if you want to gain those Michele Obama arm , try the Speedo Aqua Gloves ... they give you the water push you need to speed up the fitness . do not go into the water without they ! get rid of those flop bat wing underarm forever !
Gloves	POS	5	I have have these glove for at least 4 or 5 year . they have hold up great with medium use . I will use these glove because they be tough and not bulky at all .
Gloves	POS	5	pick these up before replace my front and rear disc brake and rotor . they be fantastic glove that fit great , keep my hand clean and protected , and seem to be extremely well manufacture and durable . I 'll never do car work again without a pair .
Gloves	POS	5	I work in the crane\/construction industry . I spend every day handle heavy cable , shackle , sling , metal , lumber . . you name it . I do all of that in every weather condition imaginable . in the past five year I have grow to become a glove fanatic . I love the way comfortable glove feel and I be always try out new pair of glove as the one I have get destroy . about two year ago I buy a pair of these Ranchworx glove as a bit of a splurge . I be gamble on the ironclad line base on the decent performance of some of they synthetic glove , even though those glove can have stitch issue . sometimes I 'll have a pair of the synthetic kind last 5 or 6 month , sometimes 5 or 6 week . I be use to buy a new pair of glove every two or three month on average because of that , and I accept it as the norm for the abuse I put they through . but these Ranchworx glove have make it through every bit of the worst condition I come across , and they have do it in spade . I still buy new pair of glove , just because I be a maniac and love to try new glove , but I keep come back to these thing . they be amazing . I have get diesel on they , pick up sharp metal , and handle rusty chain on a daily basis . all I have to do be wash they off , wring 'em out and throw they back in my car . awesome . they have be wet and dry so many time now I can not even begin to count . I have finally use they up and make it all the way through the leather , but man , do it take a crap load of effort . if ironclad glove fit you well , these glove will impress you .
Gloves	POS	4	I read that the glove run a little small so I purchase a medium . my hand be 5 1\/2 inch long and my left ring finger size be a 4 1\/2 , -lrb- right be a 5 -rrb- so I should have purchase a small or x-small . hopefully this give you a idea what size to buy . the medium be way too big . serve its purpose though ... : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	glove be right size and perfect for my field . glove be make well so that they be be not stiff . they almost feel like they be break in .
Gloves	POS	5	we love these glove . my whole family use they to box each other . we have have they a year and they be still in great shape .
Gloves	POS	4	I be a gym rat and go through glove every couple of month . come from a crappier harbinger glove as my last pair , these be a much nicer improvement . they feel solid and well padded , yet flexible enough to not be annoying . I be give they 4 star out of 5 for two reason : 1 . they be a bit tight in the finger , despite be a good fit for the rest of my hand . they should not be make glove for pansy finger . 2 . the inside of the glove have a tag right at the bottom of the wrist , as well as a somewhat sharp edge around the wrist . both issue can be eliminate or hammer out , but it be a bit annoying . overall not bad , definitely worth a try .
Gloves	POS	5	good for training , the velcroe strap allow for easy and quick removal between circuit training sessoin .
Gloves	POS	5	fit as they should very warm great christmas present ! very prompt shipping friend love they for long cold motorcycle ride because they keep the wind away completely
Gloves	POS	5	I live in a duplex and the glove be leave at the wrong door step . well they get steal , I email amazon and on the first response back the customer service person have already re-shipped they out to I with next day shipping at no additional charge to I . I dident know there be company 's out there that still provide that kind of excellent service . Ok so how be they glove woke out ? great ! they be not leather but still durable enough for intense heavy bag session . DO NOT use for spar . they be not enough padding on the glove for that . you will break you knuckle or worse someone rib . on the heavy bag you can hit as hard as you want just make sure you use handwrap under . that be a nessesity with any glove you wear .
Gloves	NEU	3	I read the customer review before purchase this product . everyone recommenede order one size up . instead , I order accord to the size chart on harbinger 's website . accord to the measurement , I require a medium ... which be what I order . upon receive they I find they to be surprisingly too big . they be loose , and unlike other customer , I find the finger hole to be quite big . I double check the pacakaging and tag inside the glove . they both claim m. I hate the hassle of return item , so for $ 10 ... I will probably just give they away . still a waste . they seem to be of good quality , other than be slightly scratchy on the inside due to seam .
Gloves	POS	4	good price\/good fit with these glove . i buy two pair , one for the car and the other in the tool shed .
Gloves	POS	5	I and my friend want to get some glove for boxing eachother . would these work or would you want to get some glove with more padding ?
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be ok but however when i punch the bag alot with wrap on i start to feel my knuckle hurt .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be use these glove for several year now . they fit very nice and snug and last forever . tip - flip they inside out after each workout to let the inside of the glove dry out . if not , after some time , it start to smell . that go for all glove ... not only this one .
Gloves	POS	5	I order workout glove because I do not like how my hand be get calloused and blister when I start work out . after much search I choose these because I feel they be the best value and have good rating . I have wear they for two week now and have not have a problem . my hand be no longer callouse and the glove feel good when I be wear they . I measure my hand and find they to be 7.6 '' around so I order the medium size -lrb- after much ponder on whether I should get a size up like many people say -rrb- . I make a good choice as they fit nice and snug . do not be dismay if you feel that they be uncomfortable and tight at first , you just need to wear they for a while to make they fit better . I would also suggest stretch out the hole that surround the finger a bit while you be wear they -lrb- do it gently ! -rrb- to make they feel better in that area .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy my 14 year old son 16 oz . and train with a 70 lb training bag great quality glove .
Gloves	POS	5	I take aquafit 4 time a week and these glove really make I work harder . I get a great deal through Amazon  Speedo Aqua Fit train swim glove
Gloves	POS	4	glove be great . they protect you skin from the weight but be light and breathable so you do not sweat a lot . solid purchase !
Gloves	POS	4	I get these and have have no problem with they . they increase resistance for the upper body during water aerobic and have neoprene palm for slip resistance when climb out of the pool . good value !
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy this item and it never come !!! why I dont KNOW BUT IT NEVER COME to MY HOUSE
Gloves	NEG	1	these glove be great for everything except the cold they be the worst winter glove ever have . they acually will make you hand colder if its cold outside . I use they during the fall before it get cold . the waterproofing work well though . do not buy these glove for cold weather !
Gloves	NEU	3	as a professional plumber who do alot of renovation deal with some very tough material , I find that these glove hold up as well as a good pair of leather glove . the price be about the same -lrb- I pay more for mine someplace else -rrb- , but the dexterity with the Ironclads be excellent . I be try the heavy duty one to see if they last any longer .
Gloves	POS	5	very sturdy , comfortable glove . Zero complaint . I order large since many indicate they run small . they fit well - a hair big . I imagine a smaller size would be too small .
Gloves	POS	4	I would recommend this glove for heavy bag use . I box and train MMA regularly with amateur and pro fight in both sport . although this glove be of high quality I would not recommend it for heavy sparring . the wrist support be good for a heavy bag glove , but be not sufficient enough for hit the human body . the padding will protect the hand , but not as well as the traditional lace up glove . the foam be a little more dense then those such glove . great starter pair of glove .
Gloves	NEU	3	EDITED THIS REVIEW . leave a review for this product a year or more ago , and since then get another set of glove to replace a worn-out pair . the quality on these seem to be drop . during my first workout I notice a grow unfinished seam on one of the thumb area , which I sew that night . if I have not , the entire thumb portion of one glove would have unravel . the next workout , the leather on the other glove separate from one of the main seam on the palm . Sewing this probably will not be productive . these be still likely the best workout glove out there for the need of many but I think I would let the Amazon community know the quality of the material appear to have change .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these before and like they . I have to exchange this purchase because the size do not seem to stay consistent .
Gloves	POS	5	they be comfortable , durable , and do not cost any more than the cheap glove I normally get . have the option to change size be a amazing benefit and make a huge difference .
Gloves	POS	5	initially I buy these with the intent of use they to replace my summer motorcycle glove . I also lift weight to stay in reasonable shape . I find that these glove be excellent for both motorcycle and weightlifting . another Amazon review mention that you should buy these glove in one size larger than you normally take ... very true . even the 1 size larger be snug . the glove be nicely pad , fit and finish be excellent and they be high quality .
Gloves	POS	4	I like it they have a solid thickish feel to it . I be guess after you break they in they will feel just right . the size I pick be large . it fit my hand pretty good . I have a size large for my previous glove so I get a little worried about all this talk ` get a size bigger than what you normally get ' . all in all it be a pretty decent glove for the price advertise . I do not understand some of the negative comment about this product .
Gloves	POS	4	I be a NYC electrician in commercial and industrial construction . I work with all type of object , some heavy , sharp , rough . 8 hour a day for 5 day a week , these glove last about 3 month before the fingertip start fall apart . they be much better than the typical inexpensive glove you find , but for the price I hope they would last longer . I like the palm padding and tough rubber on the knuckle though .
Gloves	POS	5	only have they for a full workweek so far . delivery driver . great palm and fingertip feel , and I can do all the thing I need to do in they -lrb- diad -rrb- . great x cross grip on the palm , the terrycloth part over the thumb be good for keep the sweat out of you eye . and the back be a light spandex mesh . now if only they can last . week one : just break in . if they last a month I 'll get another pair . when people ask where you get you glove , you know they look good .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove meet the purpose I need they for , they seem like they will last awhile unlike the Golds Gym brand I get from Walmart , they will seem very loose at first but once you break they in they relax to you hand very well .
Gloves	POS	5	so I take the time to write a review for this wonderfull product . what can you expect from speedo ? nothing but the BEST . as soon as I use these , I feel the strain in my muscle . they really add more strength and resistance , to you upper body . you can expect a very goood intense workout !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy a pair last summer , and I have just return here to buy at least 3 more pair . for what they be make for , nothing could be better . they be not go to keep you hand warm in very cold weather , but they be not design to . the thin leather make handle thing almost as easy as not have glove on . I can do all sort of chore around the house and shop in cold weather , and they work great . you can easily handle small object . they be great for handle firewood . I also use they in glassblow , and again it be like not have glove on , except they provide more protection than you might think for such a thin glove . they fit very well , and they slip on and off easily . when they be on , they be like have a second thick skin . I have type on a computer with they . I can take my wallet out of my pocket and insert or remove bill easily . be such thin leather , they be not go to last as long as heavier glove , but they be so much more handy than any other glove I own . I just can not say enough good thing about these glove . once you have get they wet a couple time , the leather act like a chamoix and will immediately soak up any moisture they come in contact with . but they dry out nicely and continue to wear and fit superbly even after many wet\/dry cycle . even in we long cold NH winter , I have wear these all winter long and only switch out for heavier glove when I be do extended outdoor work . I have get lot of work glove ; cotton with rubber dot , cowhide insulate & uninsulated , pigskin , you name it . I have also get similar glove with a bit heavier leather and velcro wrist strap . these be much better , both for the feel and for be quicker and easier to put on and off . once they be on , they stay on very nicely . these be my favorite and most versatile glove by far .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove end up a little small for a medium but hopefully they stretch out a little , but great for the price ! thx !
Gloves	NEU	3	this be a basic boxing glove for heavy bag punching and low intensity sparring . I use these glove twice a week and it be hold up fine so far . how long the glove will remain usable be something to be see .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my first pair of mechanic glove . I must say , these be by far better than the blue latex glove mechanic usually wear . these actually offer great protection for you hand when work around heavy car gear -lrb- suspension , control arm , etc. -rrb- my only regret be I wish I buy these sooner when I be do more work on the car .
Gloves	NEU	3	First of all , everyone who want to know how it look , please only look at the first two picture . the picture follow by the third picture be upload by other people and the glove actually do not look like that . at least , no narbinger brand name on the 2nd finger on the left . why I be go this 3 star because of two thing . the comfort be -1 , and the durability -1 . 5-1-1 = 3 star
Gloves	NEG	2	these just feel bulky in all the wrong place of the hand . after use they for lift my hand -lrb- nerves\/ligaments -rrb- be actually hurt , especially towards the end of the workout -lrb- while they do not hurt while do the same set w\/o the glove on prior day -rrb- . I have average hand and order size l - yet they be very tight still - difficult to put on and even more pain to take off later -lrb- have to pull off each finger separately -rrb- . it be funny , I have some glove that come with a Makita circular saw and since I have nothing else I use those for lifting - and my hand feel much more comfortable in those glove than in these . I would not recommend these glove .
Gloves	POS	5	my husband have large hand and we finally find these glove . no more rips ! would definitely order these glove again !
Gloves	NEU	3	I be a highly active outdoorsman . my trade be build contractor specifically carpentry but do many other aspect as well . I also sell firewood and heat my home w\/firewood as a supplement to gas . I cut , haul split , load , up to 10 cord a year by myself . I also ride a Honda crf450x in the wood and on trail . I say all this so you know what my glove go through . these Ranchworx be very cool look , but under heavy use they split at the seam on the finger . they do not fit too great either . I wear xl but have to constantly pul they on and push down between finger . there be better glove out there for the money , like Carharrt or clc .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove have last for five year . they be a very good fit compare to other leather work glove ; a big improvement in dexterity . although not as durable as heavier glove , they meet all my expectation for light use . I find another use for they about 2-1\/2 year ago , when I begin ride my bicycle -lrb- a road bike -rrb- during the winter month to train for a long distance century ride . I be not satisfy with my full finger cycling glove which be warm , but not snug fitting . I try these glove which fit great , have a good grip on the handlebars and provide some cushion for my palm . the dexterity , comfort and grip make for a excellent combination with the shifter and brake control on my bike , even on long ride . they have hold up well , but I find it be time to get a new pair . they be warm enough for California winter , and comfortable even when the weather be warm . the terry cloth sweat wipe on the back side be a nice feature for keep the sweat from you brow and eye too . I recommend these glove for lighter work , and also excellent for cycling glove during cooler weather .
Gloves	POS	5	great grip and do not leave he sweaty like he last pair . Worth the money !
Gloves	POS	4	before I write a review for these , ill explain the size difference . contrary to what people be say just because you have a big hand do not mean you should op for a 16 oz . the 16 oz be for spar , mean that it have extra padding near the knuckle area to protect you partner , not you . the 14 and 12 oz be bag glove , mean they provide protection for you hand but not what you be punch . do not spar with these as they could critically injure you opponent . that be say if you plan on buy these and join a gym , you should opt for the 16 oz , as most gym have a 16 oz minimum . I opt to buy the 16 oz because im a amateur fighter and for conditioning purpose . these glove be very snug when you put they on , but do not worry because like shoe you will need to break they in . the thing i didnt like about these glove be the thumb lock , as put the glove on by yourself become almost impossible . however these be very high quality glove for they price and you be get what you pay for .
Gloves	POS	5	Hola a todos de verdad I gusto el guante , es de buena calidad , con respecto a la talla I quedo bien lo habia pedido s y perfecto . Se lo recomiendo !!
Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit better than the other mechanic type glove I have try . some fit too tight at the finger tip , but these do not do that . nor do they bleed ink or shred . Easy to pick up washer or drill bit . keep you hand nice for dinner ...
Gloves	POS	5	I do all my own work on my car in some stupid condition . a month ago i change the thermostat on my jeep outside when it be 30 degree outside . grant that be not subzero , but these glove surprising keep my hand decently warm and still able to tight screw by hand and do some pretty nimble task . from other review I read I be surprise by how warm they keep my hand and how much tactile feel they do remove . do not get I wrong these be not a winter work glove and these do keep much more tactile feel than other glove , but read other review you would think they be a second skin . I would really recommend the ` fast fit ' style as well because I always have task I need to take they on and off for work on car . all in all these be excellent glove and well worth the ten dollar I pay for they . they seem pretty durable as well . but we shall see !
Gloves	POS	4	my experience use this pair be limit due to injury -lrb- nothing to do with thse glove -rrb- , but I do not have any issue with the glove .
Gloves	POS	4	I really like these glove when I first get they , but after a couple month of use the stiching on the right thumb be come a part ... I just figure they would last a little longer . they be still nice glove though .
Gloves	POS	4	the glove help take preasure off you finger which reduce pain but be flat so do not fit the thumb like a regular glove .
Gloves	POS	5	finally after 23 year of look for the perfect wheelchair glove for my brother it be a priceless find . padded just right to protect he knuckle , longer finger ... great fit with super strong stitching . re-ordered fast ... he never take they off . quality leather that do not get to hot .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase these glove so that my daughter -lrb- 3 and 5 -rrb- could help I work on several project around the house . they be really excite to have glove that fit they -lrb- still a little large but workable -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	these glove protect my hand from blister while I de-thatch we 8,000 sq. ft. yard . the process take a couple day and my back hurt , but my hand have no blister .
Gloves	POS	4	I have use a lot of harbinger product in the past , these would be my favorite glove if the largest size be just a hair bigger -lrb- this be why 4 instead of 5 star -rrb- . pro : - Easy to machine wash , have not have any problem , no seam break , etc. . - Perfect padding . allow for good grip without sacrifice the comfort of the glove . - good velcro . this be a problem in the past , where after a wash or 2 they would not stay tight . con : - size run very small . previous glove be always l\/xl . xxl be still small for I , but wearable . - finger divider be a bit sharp . this probably would not be as noticeable with correct size . like I say great glove for the money , I be happy with the purchase despite the size .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these at the fire department . the first day i get they we have a head on collision with glass everywhere . I be able to grip the `` jaws-of-life '' very comfortably and have good protection from debris . I would recommend these glove .
Gloves	POS	5	these be my first pair of workout glove , so I do not have anything else to compare they with , except for biking glove . I have be use these glove for a month and they be still work well and be comfortable , flexible , breathable and durable -lrb- and a bit thicker than biking glove -rrb- . however , some of the threading be fraying -lrb- normal wear-and-tear -rrb- . I do not have any problem with fitting ; I use the size chart on the product page to select my size . the glove webbing around the digit occasionally get tight while work out .
Gloves	POS	5	good look . comfortable . strong grip on the strap -lrb- yet still comfortable -rrb- . breathe very well . OVERALL A great purchase for around $ 10
Gloves	POS	5	I use these glove 5 time a week . go on the 12th week now , still go strong . these glove be on point !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for my husband for use in he wood shop -lrb- 1 pair -rrb- and a second pair for use when he work on the car . we have a unheated garage and minimally heated wood shop . during the winter month -lrb- in Wisconsin -rrb- it allow he hand to be warm when work !
Gloves	POS	5	Tore my clutch apart on my quad in my cold garage . keep these glove on for most of the job and they do great . they be not a winter glove . they be on the thinner side , but fit great like Mechnix glove do . I pick up a washer off my garage floor and I be surprise by that . I 'll likely stock up on a couple more pair of these .
Gloves	NEG	1	I work out one day with these glove and they rip . they stretch out and do not stay fit to you hand . they be also very hot , you hand can not breathe what so ever . I would suggest buy a different pair .
Gloves	NEG	1	these be not professional grade glove . so do not let the `` pro style '' description fool you . they work fine for aerobic or cardio-boxing\/kickboxing , however they be not for heavy contact use during long-term training . during high level of heavy bag training they fall apart quickly . figure on spending no less than $ 70 - $ 120 for better glove that can take heavy training on bag and sparring . higher-end glove also protect you hand more effectively .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase a pair of the IronClad Cold Condition glove a couple of year back . I really have not have to use they since it have not be very cold in the Texas Gulf Coast until this year . I go to a police pistol training class today in the cold windy rain . with these glove my hand stay dry and warm unlike my fellow officer who have no glove . they be feel the effect of the cold wet weather . another thing I like about these glove be the dexterity of the fit and grip . I have no problem load my pistol magazine and operate the safety on my pistol . these be great glove and be worth every penny .
Gloves	POS	5	I be skeptical of these glove when I first buy they . but after use they for 3 month in demolition and frame I can say you not waste you money on these glove . they have yet to show any wear . I have even wash they and there better than new .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase these glove for training purpose . they be good quality and a solid glove especially for the price . the palm area have a mesh , which help to air they out and the inside have a coating to help prevent bacterium and glove that stink . overall a great glove for training . I would recommend these to anyone who train for western style boxing , Mui Thai , MMA , etc. .
Gloves	POS	5	the glove work great ! as some people mention , the glove be a little tight between the finger but it be not a problem for I . if you be unsure of what size to get as i be just go for the larger size and you should be fine .
Gloves	POS	5	I be always look for way to keep my swim workout interesting and these be a lot of fun ! they make you go faster and work out you muscle . arrive quickly and in good shape .
Gloves	POS	5	one of the important thing about the ironclad line be the size -- it be hard to find good work glove for smaller hand . these fill the bill . I have have five pair of ironclad over the past four year , and they have be a excellent value overall . they do blow out , eventually , but I find I get lot of use out of they before then -lrb- the washability help -rrb- . like another reviewer , I play guitar with right-hand nail , so these save I from dread nail loss frequently . they also handle abrasion -lrb- in my case , from cord and rope burn -rrb- very well consider they be not suppose to . some near-relation get slice through fast . keep 'em come .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be so great ! I run a student-run business that provide shipping and storage service for student so I have to find a solid pair of glove to use so that my hand would not be cover in blister ! these be perfect for protect you hand . wear they I still maintain essentially the same level of dexterity . I can even use my iPod Touch when i be wear these . the cushion on the outside be great for wipe off sweat . overall a great pair of glove that have now also replace my workout glove ! definitely worth the price .
Gloves	NEU	3	I recently begin work a seasonal part-time job with Coca-Cola and buy these to handle the box , bottle & cradle . the glove do not last , by the end of week one they look like hobo glove . I have a pair of Craftsman light-to-mid duty glove that last for over a year of moderate punishment before they tear up and find \* clc glove that be identical -lrb- other than color & strap -rrb- to the afore-mentioned craftsman mitt . on the plus-side , these be comfortable , machine washable , dexterous and carry asthetic . Mechanix Utility might be great for gardening or tactical\/law enforcement use but any kind of light , repetitive friction or strain & they be toast . for $ 11 - $ 12.00 there be other , much more durable glove available that do not sacrifice a-lot of dexterity . \* http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/custom-leathercraft-125m-handyman-gloves\/dp\/b0002ypzky\/ref=pd_cp_hi_1 \*\* update : the glove sell & picture now be a newer version than the one review here .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be all wearn down but they last constuction work in winter hell . just make sure u dont get they wet they dry quick but when its cold you hand be better with they off . just throw they in the dryer and they be ready to go .
Gloves	POS	4	good product . I would not follow the size chart on the Mechanix wear website . it size I at medium when I know i need larger glove . I order the XL when they be on sale and really happy with the fit .
Gloves	NEG	2	I just get it today and one of my glove have a loose thread and there be a hole where the fabric and the band that go around you wrist meet . Pretty crappy material . not impressed at all .
Gloves	POS	5	Mechanix fast fit , large , black - 2012 Edition I be not really sure if these be new for 2012 , but I just order these from Amazon so the description of the design be current as of early February 2012 . I have a older pair of the black fast fit glove from late 2009 and the design be remarkably different . First off , these new fast fit glove have a different logo\/print on the back of the glove . there be a different font for MECHANIX , and it actually say FASTFIT on the sealant graphic -lrb- feel sticky\/tacky -rrb- . in addition , there be a tag advertising tekdry fabric use for the glove that allow for quicker dry and wick of moisture . it be suppose to stimulate the hand 's own ability in systemic health , whatever that mean ? I know it feel comfortable though . the palm material be also remarkably different from the traditional Mechanix glove . instead of the usual 65 % nylon and 35 % polyurethane , it be 60 % nylon and 40 % polyurethane . as a result , the simulated leather seem to be smoother , more durable , less susceptible to pill like the older material . I have not test the true endurance of this material , but I know the 65\/35 stuff tend to wear out quickly with use . this 60\/40 material just seem more durable , and I would expect that with more polyurethane content . the thumb also have a light gray leather patching . the styling really be very different in a good way . the fast fit differ from the original Mechanix glove mainly with the lack of a velcro wrist strap and less simulated leather around the finger tip . the fast fit feel thinner and lighter overall . what this mean to the user be that the original Mechanix glove be probably a better choice if you be expect to get you hand ding up badly . the fast fit be design more for the casual use glove that slip on\/off faster and allow for more dexterity . that say , I do not see a huge difference between the two type of glove to justify the price delta . the fast fit be more convenient and lighter , but the Original be still a good design . I be go to do a comparison between the 65\/35 and 60\/40 material to see which I like in the long run . generally speak , the simulated leather part of the glove will be the first to wear out - so this be probably the most important aspect of the glove . I have a really old pair of Mechanix Original glove from 2007 where I wear hole through the index\/middle finger and thumb . I get my index catch under the tire of my car as I be spin the tire -lrb- with the car up on jackstand -rrb- to check for brake rotor drag . it smoosh my finger and have I not wear the Mechanix glove , I probably would have lose the nail and incur more damage . but I still get a nasty bruise and some scratch . have I wear a Mechanix glove that do not have hole , I probably would not have get hurt at all . overall : 5\/5 star , great fit , easy to wear , new Tekdry fabric seem to work in keep my hand dry , and the new 60 % nylon \/ 40 % polyurethane simulated leather seem to be more durable .
Gloves	POS	5	I get the natural colored one . personally I feel they look better . have be use they for a while and they have save my hand from be all rip up after work out with different metal bar and rope pull . have even use they in help people move which in lift some thing can really hurt you hand . one of the other reviewer mention a guide for measure you hand , and I would use that as it work perfectly for I . the reviewer who say he have to cut out the part between finger , while I can kind of see why , and depend on how you hand be build you might , I have have no issue with that . they fit perfectly for I and I have have no issue with the part between the finger . also recently wash they and they come out fine and still fit perfectly . they stay in my car all the time in the Florida heat and sun and be still soft too . Whenever these wear out I will certainly buy another pair . have be use they pretty regularly and they have hold up well so far .
Gloves	NEU	3	order these after try a pair I borrow from my instructor . unfortunately , Amazon do not have the brand she have loan I . I be disappoint that the size medium be too large . -lrb- my hand be not small , even for a female . when I use they for the first time the velcro fastner catch in my swimsuit and pull , then because they be too large water get inside the glove . I will donate these and purchase the other brand .
Gloves	POS	5	I be not a great swimmer but I be not bad either . I be do my daily lap and wish I could have just a little something to put more challenge into my lap . these glove be just the thing . I actually could not do my usual 25 lap . I be lucky to get 15 the first day . they really do increase the upper body strength for every muscle group . they even give you hand a work out since you have to pull so much more water with each stroke . I would tell anyone that want great look tone arm and sholder to get a pair of these and go swimming .
Gloves	NEG	1	these glove be comfortable to wear , however the leather separate and disintegrate on the middle finger on the SECOND use . these be not heavy duty glove as advertise . not even light duty glove . very disappoint .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be a true life saver when it come to change dirty diaper -lrb- or any diaper -rrb- in we nursery . they fit well and do not tear when be put on .
Gloves	POS	5	there be probably not a lot you can say about a work glove . these fit well , give you good feel for the job . they be reasonably durable , and very comfortable . I wear they all the time while woodwork for hour at a time .
Gloves	POS	5	my hubby need a set of these to work on copy machine , he be a copier tech , and when he have to handle hot fuser roller inside the machine , it burn . so he want a set of these to try to see if it could 1 - protect he hand and 2 - still be able to do enough small detail thing like the tiny screw and spring involve in repair . and these do great ! he can feel the screw while protect he hand !
Gloves	POS	5	I wear these glove for work , where I be constantly digging with a shovel , pick , or bar and they be outstanding . they endure as long as any good pair of work glove should . I also use they to operate heavy equipment which require dexterity from a glove and they perform well there as well . more interestingly however be that I wear they skydive . while skydive it be necessary to use a glove that allow you to feel so that you can find you hacky use to deploy you main parachute ... and if necessary so that you may feel you emergency handle . it be also desire to have somewhat of a sticky texture for the very same reason , as well as to maintain a good grip on other skydiver when do `` relative work '' . despite the fact that these be `` fast fit '' they do not come off in the air , though they do allow I to remove they quickly if necessary . I have recently be jump in cold weather as well . I add silk liner when jump in cold weather but they be the only glove I can use with the liner and still maintain very good dexterity and feel , and be plenty warm when combine with the liner .
Gloves	POS	4	my guy love these glove , they be warm , tough and let he get the job do . they do not last as long as they use to .
Gloves	POS	5	have have ALTUS Leather glove for a looong time , which do a pretty good job , these be quite a few grade higher in term of overall quality , comfort , functionality and convenience . sure my old ALTUS Gloves be washable however they really be not create with that in mind at all I imagine , give they be entirely leather and get very sweaty-dirty quite quickly . these harbinger breathe quite nicely indeed , fit very comfortably pre-break in , and have a keen sense of design both in cut and design . they really enhance you concentrative strength instead of less than optimal functionality insofar as try to always adjust to avoid grip\/palm pain for example . these be great for many different use aside weight ... I notice a reviewer mention they be great wheelchair glove , and I can clearly see how easily they can be . also great for drive , alot of outdoor work and also I find they to be great for tactical use and training as well . very nice subtle cushioning in all the right spot . personally I find the pair in black look rather appeal , very intelligent design and perfect stitching . and of course , be machine washable be ideal with no indication of degradation . for I one bit of advice would be buy a size larger for more dextrous use - they will shrink - although break back in just fine for lifting , however for thing that require more finite handling , I find shrink down and break in a larger size certainly make the difference . a couple pair will definitely come in handy for a very good time .
Gloves	POS	4	the item be deliver quickly . as advertise have not hadany problem at all the stiching be fine . I would purchase again from this supplier .
Gloves	POS	5	my 18 year old son want boxing glove for Christmas . these glove be a good price compare to the large sport store . my son have very large hand and these glove fit well , offer lot of cushion , and have be durable . he use they to box with he roommate in college . thumb up .
Gloves	NEG	1	I be a iron worker , and need the best hand protection money can buy . I try the Ironclad Heavy Utility glove in hope that they would prove to be lighter yet offer good protection against cut . after only 2 day of use `` packing rebar '' the thread wear through allow the `` DuraClad '' patch to come loose and also one of my finger keep com out due to the seam splitting ! this be not worth $ 30.00 + Dollars to I ! Stick with the $ 2.00 double leather glove we be all so familiar with , they last so much longer .
Gloves	POS	4	I like these glove a lot ! it be easy to take off and put on plus it really do reduce hand fatigue while work on car . it also give decent protection so I do not leave blood and flesh all over the place when I be work on a car . it be moisture resistant , not moisture proof . so liquid such as oils , coolant , water will start soak into it if you be constantly expose these glove to they . they be still great glove because I hate how sweaty my hand get when wear Nitrile safety glove for very long period of time . now only time will tell how long they last . I will post a update to this review on the first sign that I see these glove start break down .
Gloves	POS	5	I be not sure how to write a review for exam glove ... we use they to pick up after we dog and they be good quality -lrb- heavy duty -rrb- and the price be excellent .
Gloves	POS	5	I be build up my back ahead of time for a 3-level back fusion operation . these actually take I to cardio level when I use they swim lap in the workout pool . I would not swim without they . fantastic product !
Gloves	POS	4	they be great to start out with a punch bag . I have never use one before so these get I over be gentle with it . I practice bare fist now so I do not use these glove anymore , but still they be perfect at the time for what I need . Quality be good , I have no complaint on the build . I get the 12 ounce one , my hand be relatively big with a `` boney '' build . my fingertip go to the end of the glove exactly , if I have any larger hand , these would be too small .
Gloves	POS	4	this product be better and comparable to the similar product available in a retail store . the price be affordable . only thing , which I do n'tlike be that you have to buy 1000 piece , however for the price it be acceptable . I would suggest to buy . this product if you be look for personal . clean .
Gloves	POS	5	the glove have perform well for I . as a matter of fact , I have just order a 2nd pair and get some for a friend of mine . I have other winter glove , but now they just set in the cupboard .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy the glove to add to my swim workout experience . they work . they look kinda goofy , bright yellow and webbed and fingerless , but unless you forget to take they off and try and drive home in they , you can probably handle the odd look . they provide for a challenging workout that you feel as you be swim , and on the drive home from the pool . just remember to take they off .
Gloves	NEG	1	it be ridiculous how small these run . I buy a men large for my husband who have thin finger and small hand , they do not even come close to fitting . they even feel tight when I put they on . total waste unless you like return .
Gloves	POS	4	I use these for surfing . they be comfortable and do what they be suppose to do , i.e. , give you a bit more zip in you paddle . they also have the add benefit of keep you hand a little warmer and even more notably , help keep you hand from get scratch , pinch or otherwise injure from the board or leash . it do take a bit of get use to , because you have to train you body to do the opposite of what it be train to do before -lrb- keep you finger spread , as oppose to cup tightly without glove -rrb- . also , I experience a bit more arm and shoulder muscle fatigue , because I be move you water and pull harder , but that only last a few outing . since I get they , I have not surf without they .
Gloves	POS	5	keep I warm and help to create resistance in the water whwn do arm workout . try they you 'll see a difference .
Gloves	POS	5	nice glove , good dexterity . not for very heavy work -lrb- and not make for mechanic -rrb- , but really nice for anything else . recieve on Time , would recommend seller .
Gloves	POS	4	I have work with ironclad product before , and from just look at these glove , I be buy they . the sturdyness of the product that Ironclad have put out in the past will certanly be present , even in these glove .  Mitchell b
Gloves	POS	5	this swim glove be make of neoprene with a nylon color back and a black rubberized palm . the finger and thumb be open on the end . they be a bit stiff when new but loosen up after 1 or 2 use . the glove some in size small to extra large , so you need to know what size you need before you order . I use they for water aerobic but they be also good for increase resistance while swimming . I have use these before and find they to be a very good product .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove come in right on time and fit perfectly . use they for yard work almost immediately after receive they and they protect my hand very well . thick enough for protection but thin enough for dexterity .
Gloves	POS	4	I like these glove , have great protection for when work on car , have extra padding for the knuckle , the finger tip though be a little too thick for I , its hard to use you finger for precise thing , like put bolt into the thread 0r try to put on lug nut , good for carry thing and tool work
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove as a gift for my boyfriend and he love they ! he say they be really comfortable and provide a lot of support . the only very small downside be they be a little bit difficult to take off , so they do tend to run a little small . but other than that they be a great buy !
Gloves	POS	5	nice glove . in the past , I have have issue with my glove splitting or stretch out too much , even though I only life 2x per week now . have not have that problem with these . nice quality and snug fit . they look a bit bulky in the photo and they be a bit thicker than some , but they be not what I would call bulky . I would get another pair . these look like they be go to last I a while though .
Gloves	NEU	3	I purchase my first pair of these glove about five year ago and have purchase two additional pair over the subsequent year , each time because I could no longer sufficiently wash the odor out of the glove , not because the glove be fall apart . I have to say that the pair of glove I just receive -lrb- December 2010 -rrb- seem to be of a lower quality than the previous pair . of most concern be the construction around the velcro closure strap . the issue be that the velcro 's backing be hard , and the way the velcro be cut cause the backing to extend as far as the fabric on the outside of the glove . I be not sure whether that make sense , but the bottom line issue be that once you put these glove on , you 'll feel the sharp edge of the velcro backing cut into you wrist unless you make sure that the velcro strap be pull completely over the top of the other side of the glove . that be easy enough to do now when the glove be new , but I be afraid that once I wash and dry these a few time they 'll be a bit more snug and I will not be able to pull the strap as far over , since every other pair I have have have shrink a little bit due to wash . I do not know whether I get a defective pair or whether this be just how these glove be make now , but I would caution anyone receive a pair of these from Amazon at this time to make sure that if you glove have the same construction problem as mine that you can either live with it or that you save you packaging so you can return the glove to Amazon as defective . -lrb- earlier version of this glove do not have this issue . -rrb-
Gloves	POS	4	these fit small compare to my other harbinger glove . my other set be a medium , so I figure a medium would fit . it do not . should have order a large . the skin between my finger always get pinch . I still tolerate it though . these glove have padding in all the right place for every exercise , pushup , bar , free weight ... after a few month of use these glove , they still do not smell which be AWESOME . I could not handle the smell of my old glove and I could not get rid of the smell . they be not the wash & dry like these either which be why I retire they , even though they be still physically in good condition . these do not show much wear\/fatigue indictive of failure . very well craft and build to last like my old harbinger glove . would recommend and buy again .
Gloves	POS	5	this be my first time try this brand of glove and I be compare it to Mechanix brand -lrb- which my last pair I have , split OPEN from the inseam down to the wrist -rrb- . really bad flaw that I have see other revier note ! anyway , the only size that be available when I order be Lrg and XLrg ... I be hesitant because I be accustom to Med , but the Lrg be not much different except the fingertip be slightly longer . other than that , nice and snug . padding be great on the knuckle , top of the hand and reinforce palm and top part of the thumb , forefinger and middle finger . the general feel be a little bulkier than the thin Mechanix fast fit 's thin , light feel , but I prefer this in the cold weather . there be even a sewn loop on the inside wrist if you would like to run lanyard or cord through to setup handy carrying . happy with my purchase .
Gloves	POS	5	I never think I would like these type of glove compare to big ` ole leather palm work glove . I have have a change of heart . these glove be bullet proof and when they get wet with summer sweat . they cool you hand and continue to be great grip and they clean up easy . I will always purchase these glove in the future compare to the one I throw out each season .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these to do kettle bell workout with . they do a great job of protect my hand from callouse and blister !
Gloves	POS	5	I work out long and I workout hard these glove be durable and they do not hold sweat odor like other leather glove have . they be comfortable and lifting with they really protect my hand . they may cost a little more but the protection and comfort be worth it . the padding in the palm be good and thick , the adhesive strap to the wrist be also strong keep the glove in place .
Gloves	POS	5	I thoroughly enjoy these glove . the fit and finish be excellent . I have trouble find glove to fit and have try many ... these be the best all around .
Gloves	POS	5	the glove be exactly what I expect . I have always use weight room glove and this pair be a great fit . one minor problem though , the AMAZON site go into every important question ... except one ... . . they do not ask for size info ! fitness giant have to email I for size .
Gloves	POS	5	I follow everyone 's advice and buy a pair one size larger . the glove fit I perfectly ! before buy I measure my hand 's circumference use a small ruler - it be hard but I measure about 20cm which be ~ 7.9 inch = medium . so I order large . Perfect fit ! almost all the negative review of this product be about the size and nothing else . it take I 15second to take off each glove . it be not hard at all . I love how my hand never sweat ! other glove make you hand sweat but not these one !! so the design definitely work . since the hand do not sweat , the glove do not give out a smell which be great also ! the glove look great . they feel great - very tight feeling . they be extremely comfortable and I love wear they ! the length on the finger be just right , as well as the length on the wrist . when I first put on the glove I think - good amount of padding . when I go to lift weight for the first time with they on I think they have more padding than necessary . after 3 day of lift the padding have soften up and now they feel perfect ! pushup : these glove help I a lot ! before when I do not have glove my wrist would hurt when do pushup -lrb- standard -rrb- , but with these glove my wrist no longer hurt and the number of pushup I could do noticeably increase ! one thing to note : when lift light weight the padding sort of interfere with you `` accurate control '' . for example , I do skull crusher with a curl bar and only 45lb -lrb- light weight -rrb- and I be able to do much more rep without the glove . on the other hand with heavy weight they work perfect -lrb- e.g. bench press or barbell curl -rrb- and my number of rep increase noticeably now that I have glove ! so : excellent for heavy lifting , but for very light lift you should not wear they . verdict : highly recommend these glove . when you get they , try they on for a couple day and you 'll come to love they ! so far I have no complaint whatsoever ! this review last update on : 3\/18\/12
Gloves	POS	5	I be a Air Force aircraft maintainer deploy to Afghanistan . I bring a pair of heavy duty Mechanix glove with I and they do not even last a week . needless to say I be use these glove in a very harsh demand environment . so far I have be wear they for 2 week and they be still go strong . the only complaint I have be that it take a month to get they here . but I suppose that be to be expect when ship they to Afghanistan .
Gloves	POS	4	Make sure to size up a little bit , otherwise the glove be great . I have not have any problem with blister after purchase the glove .
Gloves	POS	5	these be welding glove . not a costume . they work as anyone should expect while welding with these . basic Arc welding . also , the color do not matter at all . great price , great shipping .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be one of the best I have ever use . I have not use they very much so far , but I know they 'll hold up for a very long time . they be very durable and add just the right amount of padding so you can still get a good grip on the bar .
Gloves	POS	5	I can guarantee you that whoever write badly about these glove be Mr-Warm-Up-Your-Left-Hand himself and a lowly competitor of Harbinger in the glove market . what a phony . Amazon need to find that jerk and pull he ad ! that much be easy to see . I wear these glove for 2 hour lift weight , and my hand do not even begin to sweat . they fit fantastic . when you do wrist curl , you do not even notice that the glove be on . they be that good . they have padding in between the layered , soft-leather palm . if you be bench press huge amount , you might want to consider a harbinger glove with a pro rating as these be only rate intermediate -- still great glove . they have a snug fit because the leather be splice with small elastic area , make they cool to wear due to the breathability .
Gloves	POS	4	they fit a little tight . I go by the size chart on the mechanix website and it show that I need to get a medium . I always wear large size glove but I decide to get the medium because I though maybe the mechanix have a slightly different fit . well , when I get they I put they on a regret get a large . the fit -lrb- just a little tight -rrb- so I do not bother return they . the glove themselves be okay build , certainly not for heavy duty use and be a little on the thin side .
Gloves	POS	5	lightweight , soft , durable and good-looking glove . they maintain you hand ventilate while yo do you routine . they be washable and machine dryable .
Gloves	POS	5	these be some pretty decent lifting glove . they be cheap and construct well enough , although they seem to run a little small size wise . I normally wear a medium in glove , but with these , I have to go large . they have handle some very heavy weight while provide adequate protection for my hand . the Ocelot glove with the wrist-strap be of a little higher quality though , and also run small in they size -- more so than the Harbinger . a good buy , especially at they price .
Gloves	POS	5	I pound the hell out of the glove on a 200 pound sand fill heavy bag and the padding hasnt move at all . ive be use they for about a month now and still go strong . highly recommend these glove . great price too .
Gloves	POS	5	this be the second pair of these I buy in a medium . I have read about the problem people have be have with fit . my hand be typically a little smaller than a medium glove and these fit snug , a little tighter than most medium glove I buy . because I think they be suppose to be tight , this be probably about what I expect . I hope that help on size for you . the velcro do not always stay on , but I be not sure of a better way to bind they at the wrist . I be not even sure you need the wrist strap because the glove fit snugly and do not slip . be they the best around ? I do not know , I have the opportunity to try other brands\/styles on at the store and do not like the way they feel , but never use they in a pool . -lrb- I be not `` one of those guy '' , the store either do not have these or they be outrageously price . -rrb- anyhow , I buy they for my daughter think they would be handy for a river-tube trip and try they in the pool . they do not feel like they be do much until you be do swimming . then you arm feel sore , and if you take they off and swim it feel like you hand have shrink ... and you can not get power any more . in other word , what a great work-out ! I buy the second pair for myself I like they so much .
Gloves	POS	5	good product -lrb- I buy four different type of ironclad glove -rrb- and fast delivery . excellent !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be inexpensive and work very well . the company provide they ship they the same day under super saver shipping and I receive they two day after place my order . I would not hesitate to order from this vendor again .
Gloves	POS	4	this be a excellent product which work well & add resistance as you work in water . a must for anyone take aqua fitness seriously .
Gloves	POS	4	love these glove . they seem to be work out just fine . the only thing that suck be that I listen to everyone else and order a size bigger than I normally do but it be still too small . . next time i 'll order 2 size bigger and I suggest everyone do the same .
Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be not very flexible and be hard to move in . it be too big and bulky , and way too much money for what it be . I like the Youngstown glove a lot better for winter work .
Gloves	POS	4	these be very solid and snug fitting glove . I really like they , and they seem well build . one thing to keep in mind be that the leather around the finger be very strong and will take a while to be work in . for the first few time of use , they will pinch you finger , but eventually this will go away . I recommend these if you want to protect you hand from callus .
Gloves	POS	5	glove be great . buy for my boyfriend for he birthday and have to exchange for a smaller size , I think they run a little big .
Gloves	POS	5	i have order these before , and this be my second pair . i like that they be small and easily fit anywhere for storage . they do good when i be deal with the gym equipment ... i do not have to worry about my hand get ugly and get those rough spot . i recommend these to all woman that want to get they work out on !
Gloves	POS	4	these be really high quality and well make . I have get a couple of other harbinger glove at big 5 or the gym and they be much cheaper feeling .
Gloves	POS	5	excellent grip , comfortable to wear . I use it for carpentry , work on my car , and shotgunning . the towel-like thumb work well to take sweat off the face in warm condition .
Gloves	POS	5	I recently start MMA training and be in need of glove to do some heavy bag work . I be well aware of the reputation of Everlast be high quality and well make . after receive the glove it confirm all the good thing I have hear about Everlast training glove . the glove be well make , well construct , and fit perfectly . the velcro strap stay secure and do not slip in the least . on the palm side there be a heavy duty meash type material so you hand do not get hot or sweat alot . my MMA instructor approve of the glove and say he experience be they will last for many year . I be 100 % happy with the product !
Gloves	POS	5	comfortable , well make glove . easy to put on with wide velcro tab . these glove add great resistance and amp up my workout .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy several pair of these for work and play . I find they to be very comfortable and durable . they be reinforce at key place -lrb- e.g. fingertip , web where thumb and pointer meet , etc. -rrb- . I be happy to wear they work in the yard or out on the trail . my suggestion would be to get they a size larger than you usually need . I have relatively small hand , but the large glove fit I perfectly . write by Arthur Bradley , author of `` process of Elimination '' - a intense thriller that pit a martial art expert against a world-class sniper .
Gloves	POS	4	good work out glove , padding be enough . I get the medium and they tend to fit my mid size hand perfect . they be snug but not too small , the way glove should be . I do not recommend get a size up as some suggest , because they will be lose and the wrist strap will not feel good on you , I try all size before I buy .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be a avid participant in water aerobic class , and use to use the glove that my fitness center provide . but I decide to buy my own pair recently , and have find a couple issue with this particular brand : 1 -rrb- they run a bit larger than expect . I buy a medium , and they be a bit too big for I . 2 -rrb- they do not stay fasten with the velcro ! I find myself constantly have to stop what I be do to reattach the velcro wristband . they seem to be make well as far as the material use for the actual glove itself ; sturdy and provide good resistance in the water . I only wish the velcro wristband stay attach during my exercise . it may have to do with the fact that again , these be a bit big for my hand , and I have to pull the velcro strap over as far as it go to attach they .
Gloves	POS	4	I use they while mow and other yard activity . I would say I be a heavy user because I do at least 2hr a week in the yard so ...
Gloves	POS	5	I love my paddle glove . my hand be small which make it difficult to paddle out as fast as other surfer . I be able now to keep up . it be a must have !
Gloves	POS	4	they hold up , but get a size bigger than you think you need .
Gloves	POS	5	I be work for a restaurant . I cook , wash , clean and make sauce . glove be thin enough to form sushi , yet strong enough to squeeze wet towel . this brand must be the best one that I have ever use .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase these Speedo Aqua Fit train swim glove to use in my water aerobic class . they add to the water resistance when do arm exercise . because of the webbed finger , the strength training in the water be much better . the glove be make for man and woman so I buy the medium which be plenty big . I can not imagine a woman use the large . I look at different brand and the SPEEDO seem to be make the best .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove to hit the heavy bag and practice my Krav Maga when I be not use my Harbinger MMA style glove . I can not speak to the durability of these glove because I have have they a week and only use they once but they seem decent . they do the job with protection and the mesh ventiliation allow for some cooling -lrb- if that be possible with wrap -rrb- . I would recommend these glove . I like the velcro because I can use my tooth to get the second glove on . as other have mention , the only downside be the smell . holy smoke they smell like they be forge by mutant in a radioactive toxic waste dump and have the ability to easily stink up a small non-ventilated space , even when not in use . I be hope that fade over time and my better smell BO take over . put these glove on , wear you three wolf shirt to the gym , and do not be surprise when the lady start throw they phone number at you .
Gloves	POS	5	in my job I `` do the desk '' most of the week but in the PM and on weekend I work around the house pretty hard . in the past I wear out a couple of pair of leather glove each summer . I be currently build rock wall and these glove be hold up fine against rock whose sole purpose be to chew up glove and then hand . my hand be between med and large so I order the medium size and they fit good . some of the other review mention the price be kind of high but I figure I have save a couple of buck avoid have to buy two pair of leather glove . I like they .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be soft and the fit be perfect along with the price . I be purchase two more pair for daughter and daughter in law . we all ride and these gove be very comfortable .
Gloves	POS	5	I be hesistant to buy these earlier in the year as $ 30 be a bit pricey for a pair of glove . well , my wife surprise I with they on my birthday and I immediately put they to use while repair we deck flooring . it be about 42 degree out and my finger NEVER get cold . I almost forget I be wear glove , they fit so well . the velcro wrist closure be wonderful at keep dirt and such from get inside my glove -lrb- unlike my old , generic leather work glove . -rrb- consider I sell .
Gloves	POS	5	I im new to boxing and dind know the weight that i should buy for my training globe , I recommend this 16oz , they be heavy enough . they fit well , solid and look nice .
Gloves	POS	4	I never work without they anymore , and this be a great price compare to store . I now have two pair that I alternate clean-ish and dirty\/ready for wash .
Gloves	NEG	1	I swim in the ocean and rinse my gear with fresh water afterwards . I get 4-5 year of service from my wetsuit before they need to be replace , but this glove do not last 6 month . on the plus side , my hand stay warm .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove for my husband to protect he hand from become dry and crack . he drive a delivery truck and lift bundle of linen tie with string . when I read about these glove , it sound as though they would be durable and waterproof . they be neither . we have have they for approx . 2 month and 4 out of 5 finger on each hand have tear through the tip . poor !!
Gloves	POS	4	I love these glove and have own they for quite some time . they be reliable and take a verrrry long time to wear out . I have own several different pair from several different brand , and Everlast have always be the most reliable . they fit comfortably , protect you hand , and stand the test of time .
Gloves	POS	5	Came on time . Works wonderfully . even use they to make some hand balloon . keep kid hand clean when do art and craft stuff
Gloves	POS	5	run a little small for long finger but the material and quality workmanship be very good . I would recommend this product to anyone .
Gloves	NEG	2	these dainty and delicate glove be a must have for anyone 's Halloween wardrobe . but I do not recommend they for actual metal work . as crazy as it sound , I use they for welding - hobby level at that - and the lining in mine rip free when put my hand in on the second day . the feel lining go up to the wrist , where it be sew to the leather shell , albeit poorly .
Gloves	POS	5	they be perfect for work , able to pick up small part . they be also warm so you hand will not freeze while you be work .
Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be good for cold weather with 200g of insulation but for snow removal\/wet snow removal in 30 min 's my hand be cold and still dry . I could see the break down in the glove 's ability to be waterproof . however I buy these glove to keep my hand dry , waterproof , and warm . these glove fail in the warm category . when the glove 's get wet and start retain water my hand get cold this happen about 30 min 's into snow removal . the work part of the glove have hold up for be tough .
Gloves	POS	4	sometimes weight slip b\/c the glove slip off , but for the most part , it work well at protect my hand and enhance my grip .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these glove to work on a horse and cattle ranch for a few week . the ranch have 27 horse and about 100 cattle , all need feeding every day and other care . I wear these glove for two week , all day every day , about 12 hour a day of hard work . I would say they have about 150 hour of hard labor on they . by the end , there be tare in the seam along the glove line but the rest of the glove be still hold up strong . all in all , awesome glove . if use for basic mechanic , gardening , yard work , etc. . these baby will last a long time . on a horse\/cattle ranch ? maybe two week . I be happy with the use I get out of they for the money , I do not expect they to last more then a few day .
Gloves	NEG	1	I also work for a major delivery company in the distribution center . grant , we handle a huge number of box -lrb- over 1,000 per hour -rrb- , but these glove wear out in less than a week . the first two day the glove perform wonderfully and make my job easier , but on the third day the rubber coating begin to wear off . by the end of day four , the smooth leather be show through . by the end of day five , the fingertip be all bare of the rubber coating and the terry cloth sweat wipe be start to fail . if you be only handle a small number of package , then maybe these will work for you . otherwise , you might want to wait until ironclad issue they new version , which be suppose to be a box handler glove for those that actually handle box for a living . for now , I do not think the money be at all well spend consider I only get one week of use .
Gloves	POS	4	I actually love they . they fit all of my need but you need to know that you actually have to wear shoe on under the boot . because of that , the boot be stretch out every time you put they on . as such , my boot now have some hole at the seam which actually defeat the purpose .
Gloves	POS	5	I have use various glove for upper body workout and these be by far the best . expect extra cushion . if you have small hand , these be great to get a better grip on large pole . they be tight and fit nicely . it may be harder to take off after you hand get hot , but that be to be expect . a great product from Harbinger . do not expect any glove to last for century . all glove have normal wear and tear . it be hard to find this kind at store .
Gloves	NEG	2	the glove have a tear in they when I recieve they , something I think should be check and look over before they ship the product out , could have happen in shipping I do not know but the location of the tear I do not think so , but I can say Amazon accept the return with no problem . also the glove be a really tight fit for a 16 oz glove , I end up re-purchasing from Amazon and get the Protex2 Training Gloves for $ 18 more but they fit much better . would not reccomend the Everlast pro Style train Glove if you have fairly large hand , my hand be not really huge but average size for a man .
Gloves	POS	5	the Aqua Fit Swim Gloves be work out wonderfully . I read the other review by customer about fit and order accordingly . they fit well .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove for my husband as a christmas gift . he have already use they a bunch of time . he say they fit great and be extremely comfortable . he say because of the way they fit , he can do any kind of job . Whether be stack wood or pick up nail ...
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be very comfortable . Make sure you buy a bigger size than normal and if that be not enough you can always cut between finger if it bother -lrb- this be my case , but after cut a small hole they be very comfortable and have a nice grab -rrb- . delivery be fast too .
Gloves	POS	4	I have go through a few pair of these glove over the year and they be well worth the money . once you go to a higher quality brand you probably will not go back to these , but they get the job do for a good price . I would not recommend they for spar because they be a bit hard and you spar partner might not be happy . these be good glove for bagwork , boxing cardio class , etc. . I still keep a pair in my bag but I make the switch to a higher price glove a while back and have not pull these out of the bag since . I just reread my review and while I say these glove be good but also say that I do not use they anymore , I guess my final point be that if you be a beginner to the sport , or be look for good bag glove , these will do you just fine .
Gloves	POS	4	well padded , even too padded . its alot more padded than I expect , and actually , make the glove much bigger than I expect . if I have to do it again , I would probably buy the smaller cheaper , Harbinger glove . if I be want a bigger glove with lot of padding , this product would have be perfect .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be on my third pair of these glove . they wear out very quickly . I swim every other day for forty minute at my local 24 Hour Fitness gym . I rinse my glove out after each time . each pair have start to frazzle within just a couple of month of purchase they . the first pair pretty much disintegrate within 6 month . the pair I be use now be only 4 month old . it start to fall apart about a month and a half ago . presently , the fabric be crack at half way down three of the finger slot ; it be also start to crack at the wrist . the fabric be start to fray badly at the finger tip , too . I be go to have to replace they soon ; otherwise , they 'll start to leave little piece of fabric and string behind every time I swim . also , the wrist strap be not design very well . in order for I to get a good fit on my left hand , I have to adjust the velcro-covered tab so that the strap there fit the wrist correctly . when I do that , the tab stick out way too much , so there be not enough over-lapping velcro to make a solid connection . the velcro then loose its connection and the glove start to come off . I think maybe the strap might stretch too much over time . just as a side note , the glove do seem to fit well , so I do not think that a misfitting contribute to the problem . I do not think the glove be fall apart due to extra stress place on they by have to stretch the fabric too much to cover hand too big for they . the fitting seem correct . it be just the construction quality be rather poor .
Gloves	POS	5	there be plenty of padding for hit the heavy bag and the velcro strap be easy to put on and take off without another person there as oppose to lace . nice weight and good wrist support too .
Gloves	NEU	3	I purchase these in the hope that they would be much more durable than the leather glove I have be wear out in less than a month . I find that the palm and finger tip cover be very durable , however the stitch that hold those piece on be not up to the task . also the spandex on the side of the fingertip be now let my finger through . if I may be so bold as to make a couple of suggestion , if the entire fingertip be wrap in the kevlar or at least the side have leather isnstead of the spandex , it would be a huge improvement . and if they could come up with a little tougher thread these glove would be excellent .
Gloves	POS	4	First off , they be size a bit small . grant , I have very big hand , but I have to exchange these for the xxl 's , and if they have XXXL 's , that probably would be even better -lrb- I normally wear XL ... sometimes xxl in glove -rrb- . if you be debate between two size , DEFINITELY get the bigger of the two . other than that , they be very good lifting glove . they do the job , protect my hand while lifting , seem to be well make , reasonably comfortable , and they be nice-looking , as a bonus . far less expensive than other one I look at , and I be very happy with they .
Gloves	POS	5	ive have these glove so far for 3 week , and they have be awesome ! they have plenty of padding around the palm , and offer plenty of protection . the only downside be that they do not cover so much of the wrist , but at the same time , by not cover the wrist as much , you have more mobility with you hand than you would with most other glove . I would recommend these glove to anyone !
Gloves	POS	4	after read other review before order , I choose medium over large glove . medium fit fine , make begin lap swim much easier
Gloves	POS	5	HAD to RETURN the item for a larger size , it go quick and painless my SON love the glove great transaction : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	I truly love these glove , they be very well make leather in the work area , area which usually go first be reinforce . knuckle protect with flexible rubber . the breathable and absorbent material on the upper part of hand . they be tough but not too heavy , and very durable , the only glove that have last as long in many job . and they look good .
Gloves	NEU	3	overall these glove provide decent hand protection , and have allow my callus to go away . here be my complaint though : 1 -rrb- fit - I check the company 's size chart and order a medium . while the palm size be decent , I find the finger and wrist to be too loose - which mean they slide more than I would like . 2 -rrb- length - I personally would have like the finger to be a little longer . it would have be nice if they at least reach up to the first knuckle -lrb- I have short finger too -rrb- . plus , since the finger be loose on I , they slide down and cover even less so my finger barely have any protection at all . that can get uncomfortable for I since my weight have a textured grip which rub more than a smooth surface would . the only way to compensate be to try and pull the glove up , but that do not really work too well . overall these be a decent pair of glove . for I though , I think there be probably a better pair out there .
Gloves	POS	5	I have use these Speedo Aqua Fit train Swim Gloves for 2 month now , 3-5 time a week during my pool swim training , without issue . the velcro strap keep the glove snugly and comfortably secure . the glove seem well construct . you finger-tip poke through the tip of the glove , allow enough dexterity to adjust goggles , remove fin , re-tie swim trunk etc. . so far , a + caveat : these be my 1st pair of swim glove , so I can offer no comparative analysis .
Gloves	NEU	3	I use THEM for food service delivery , WITCH be very hard on THEM . BUT for the money I think I would LOOK for SOMETHING BETTER .
Gloves	POS	5	I work in the nursery\/landscape business and used to GO THROUGH A PAIR of COWHIDE GLOVES in two or three week . WE MOVE TREES , STONE , EQUIPMENT , you name it , and I must SAY that THESE GLOVES be like a second skin . THEY 'RE TOUGH and COMFORTABLE . I can reach into my pocket and GRAB A PEN WITHOUT EMPTYING the contents of pocket on the ground . EVEN HANDLING MONEY be no problem . THESE GLOVES be woth the price of admission .
Gloves	NEG	1	I have buy these glove at the end of October 2011 . I box 4 time -lrb- heavy bag , spar -rrb- per week and use 2 pair of glove -lrb- so I use each pair twice per week -rrb- . today these glove be start to tear on the side and on the inside . plus , the `` hook & loop '' tie be too short and do not take up when you punch too heavy . do not waste you money buy they - put $ 20 or $ 30 more and buy Ringside , or rival - brand . Update on April 27th : the `` dense two-layer foam sandwich '' -lrb- as they call it -rrb- be begin to fall apart - piece by piece ! by the way , do not believe the thing about preserve from bad odor - these glove stink . I be very very disappointed about they - never buy Everslast ' glove again .
Gloves	POS	5	work as advertise . snug fitting glove give add resistance and after a few lap you can feel the difference in shoulder and arm . quality seem good . no sign of wear even after ` spin ' they in health club machine to dry they .
Gloves	POS	5	the item be good but DHL just drop the box next to my door and leave it there for I , for my neighbor or for somebody else . for whom ? who know that clever delivery guy or bloody excellent DHL 's customer-service . I be at home but the delivery guy do not knock at my door , and I just hear the noise of fall box on the floor . dhl - good on you ! excellent job ! perfect reputation !
Gloves	POS	5	bought 5 pair for the guy in the family for Christmas and be give as gift . all be more than pleased . I have have a pair since last year and think they might enjoy they as I have . these be perfect for drive or light work outside plus they be stylish and comfortable . ship be quick and easy even right before the holiday .
Gloves	NEG	1	these hurt the skin web between my middle and ring finger . I guess I will have to cut it or something , but it be way better without they : -lrb- I buy they to avoid pain , but the pain be even harder one year after , they be almost destroy . I wash they like 3-4 time and now there be a big hole in it .
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase a pair in early October 2008 . it be be over 2 year and they be just now start to wear out . they get some pretty heavy use from I too . I think 2 year of heavy use be pretty good for the price . they have comfortable padding too . however it be not so thick that it interfere with lifting . before the pair in 2008 that I have now , I have another pair I get in early to mid 2006 . I think it be actually a similar model that be out before they make this one . like someone else mention , it be the thin leather around the thumb that end up with a hole . that be what always happen . I like they , so I be go to buy another pair . I 'll probably be back in early 2013 to get yet another pair . I think they be that good . I have try a lot of glove , but never find one I like even half as much .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great for just about everything . they be well make and have great padding for you fist . Ive upload photo of the product which do come with the new yellow `` e '' Everlast logo . these glove be firm so if you do want to do any kind of spar both partner should have proper protective headgear on . if you be look for a great pair of training glove and do not want to spend of $ 30 these be a awesome buy . I order the 16 oz glove which be not to large be small .
Gloves	POS	5	before get this glove , it actually kinda hurt work out , but with these on , I feel like i can workout much longer . it give a very good grip , however , for I , the thumb part be a tiny bit to narrow . I really hope it will lossen up a little after use . great glove ~
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be the bee ' knee . they fit snugly without be overtight and have just the right amount of cushioning . I normally have my glove last year , so will have to see how long these last . I have get no reason to think they will not though . I be thoroughly pleased I buy they .
Gloves	POS	5	just as my title suggest its a great fitttting glove and i have no issue with it at all it do what it be design to do and who would complain about that .
Gloves	POS	4	I find they fit well , with a good snug fit which can be adjust to as tight as you like it use the velcro strap . they hold the wrist fairly well to avoid wrist injury . the finger and thumb fit well . some individual might want bigger , more padded glove for spar .
Gloves	POS	5	sturdy , effective resistance glove at reasonable price . I take a man 's large in glove , but buy a medium as it be stretchable neoprene and I prefer a little snug rather than loose material across the palm . -lrb- actually like another manufacturer 's full finger , web , thin nylon glove slightly better , but they be affect by pool chlorine and wear out too quickly . -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	I have wear a pair of these glove for three winter now intermittently for construction work and they be just start to go . I have go through many pair of cheaper brand in the interim , and find that these be worth the extra money . I have also use other brand that have Kevlar stitch which work well but cost more do not hold up any better . these be the perfect combination of dexterity and warmth . they be not `` hold you hand under a faucet '' waterproof but they keep out rain and snow . I often wear another pair of insulate leather glove over these if it be really cold and remove they to grab nut and screw , etc. . I have try the rest and I be come back for my second pair of ccg .
Gloves	POS	5	my thumb be a little short , its a little hard to get the second glove on . but after that work great .
Gloves	POS	4	I have largeish female hand . the webbing be fine to bwide and the finger hole be tight when wet , of course . all man should get large and woman small or med , as i do . about be small-dont htink so-they be just tght when wet-thaat how the material be . I like they - the feel of they swim through the water - you arm do more . they could have be a bit shorer on the finger , perhaps . no , definately not small run , as other feel .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be tough . I use they as mechanic glove as well as for roofing maintenance and tile repair . they do not tear easily either .
Gloves	POS	4	overall the glove be pretty good . the styling be functional basic black , no frill , nothing fancy , do not need a matching jump suit to wear they . if you be like I and crack a sweat when you be in the gym , the wash and dry option be nice to have . in one of the image on the item description there be a note about cut out the webbing between the middle finger , this be a pretty uncomfortable area and do need to be remove . turn the glove inside out , and a quick cut with scissors do the job .
Gloves	POS	5	da harbinger glove dey be da best make of leatha soft as big natural breast da harbinger glove da workout be good just wearin ' dem make I walk with half wood
Gloves	POS	4	these be some of the coolest glove I have ever own , honestly mean it . they fit like they be taylore and just fealt good on my hand . the only thing I wish be that they last longer . I stock shelf for a major company so handle more box than most will see in they entire life . the cool box grip last quite a while , but do wear off and the under sinthetic liner be a little slipery . I do like that they be washable and it be need due to the fact on handleing milk durr work as well . they last just past the warenty , but I get every penny out of they . I have be look for a better glove for a more reasonable price . . have not find one yet and have go through a lot of they . the thinness and form fit of these glove make stock shelf awesome , not bulky and barely add to you hand size . I understand how much they save my hand from because I be not use glove at one point . this be why I highly recomend they . high quality , very well construct , and very comphertable , no weird finger hang oversize .
Gloves	POS	5	I do weight training for the past 8 year and after try many many glove , this be the best I find . it be not too tick to make you uncomfortable and at the same time it totally protect you palm and finger from get blister . I use it for mountain biking too , without any problem . give it try , you 'll love it .
Gloves	POS	4	I love these thing ! they can turn a aerobic exercise session in the pool into a excellent resistance session . this be my second pair and I purchase they as a backup to my original because it be difficult for I to shop from my location . this pair have velcro closure -lrb- old pair do not -rrb- and the sizing be accurate . my only complaint be the stitch between the finger which make the glove into a `` web '' . the stitch go up too far and the point of the Vee that it form dig into the webbing between some of my finger -lrb- see product pix -rrb- . I be hope that this soften up with wear , but I still love these thing !
Gloves	NEU	3	these seem to be work out fine . I have only wear they once -lrb- for kickboxing -rrb- but my trainer think they will be great for my purpose , and they seem to fit okay . -lrb- I get the 12oz and I be 5 ' 7 '' 125lb . -rrb- the most notable thing be , THEY be smelly . like , some crazy weird synthetic smell , from the moment I take they out of the package . I actually have to leave they out of my gym bag for awhile to air out . when my husband come in later , he be like `` Whoa ! there be some weird smell in the office !!! '' and I be like `` it be my new boxing glove . '' it take day for they to be tolerable , and even now I can not leave they in a enclosed space for long . I have only have they for about a month though , so hopefully it will go away in time . the shared boxing glove at the gym really stink -lrb- like old sweat -rrb- so I guess I would rather have `` new boxing glove smell '' instead !
Gloves	POS	4	these definitely do what you would expect and be fairly comfortable -lrb- although you may have some sore shoulder the next day ; - -rrb- . I be not sure if I should get the medium or the large and wish I have go with the smaller size .
Gloves	NEU	3	too small it fit like a child glove and the fit start almost at the center of you palm .
Gloves	POS	5	I can not believe it -- this inexpensive asian horn play better than my Buffet Crampon B-12 !! straight from the box , over the break , high , low and in between !! the tone be even richer , and louder !
Gloves	POS	5	purchase these glove from Amazon and I be extremely pleased with they . they fit well , they be supple , allow small item to be pick up while wear they and after considerable use and several wash they still look almost like new . they be the best glove for the money that I have find so far .
Gloves	POS	5	I have a difficult time decide which glove to get . after read the review on many different brand and type , I still be not sure what to do . so I decide to take a chance on the 1260 's . now I be glad I do . I get the xtra large , which I think might be too big , but follow the size chart anyway . when the glove arrive , they be very tight when I first put they on . after a few workout , they loosen up and now fit perfectly . I be also concern about there be too much padding and possibly lose grip . well , now I be glad there be the padding . it be soften and I can really focus on grip the bar when I be lift heavier weight . also they have hold up well so far . good construction , no loose end . overall , they have make a positive difference in my workout . definitely recommend for beginner to intermediate -lrb- that be I -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	I receive what I expect in expect time . I have be use they since two week have not have any problem yet . overall it be a good product . I would surely recommend it .
Gloves	POS	5	I work out 3 time a week for about 5 hour total and use these glove consistently . they work really well . the stitching be great , they be tight enough to allow for a good grip but be easy to remove without tear they apart . I would definitely buy they again . BTW , I be 6 ' 2 '' and I buy the large size and they fit perfect .
Gloves	NEG	2	the glove might be warmer if they have a thicker liner .
Gloves	POS	5	I have use these maybe half a dozen time now , and they greatly increase my mobility underwater while diving . also , they do not seem to hinder the use of my hand while use my equipment .
Gloves	POS	4	pleased with the overall workmanship of these workout glove . the palm and finger be well padded and the stitching be solid . they be a bit snug even though I buy they a size larger than my previous glove base on other review that they tend to run smaller in size . I would purchase these glove again .
Gloves	NEU	3	in about two month they be a mess . . smelly -lrb- not my hand , leather smell -rrb- fall apart etc. . I guess its time to get a new one but i d much rather buy a pair that last . no need to buy a new pair every two month .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use these glove for year . excellent grip use tool when wet or dry . good cut resistance . sweat wipe terry cloth on thumb . comfortable for all day use . it be worth the extra few dollar for a work glove .
Gloves	NEU	3	decent pair of glove for general labor type use . you have to be pretty sure of you hand size when you order , as they fit snugly and you would notice quickly if they do not fit . not good for any labor that involve handle object that be more than warm . the black grippy area on the finger and palm be plastic or rubbery and they melt .
Gloves	POS	4	these be great work glove when it be above zero . allow some freedom to move and keep hand pretty warm ,
Gloves	POS	5	I have not actually use the glove yet , since I have not reach a high enough weight where I be limit by the pain in my hand , but I do try they on and they feel great . they also come promptly and without a hitch .
Gloves	POS	5	what can you say !!! when my wife like something it be gotta be the best . the gauntlet keep all the wind from blow thru she wrist . the fit be true . and the price !!!! these glove be half the price of competitor . thanks Jafrum for make they available and thanks Amazon for the amazing way you do business .
Gloves	POS	5	it be hard to go wrong with everlast product . if you be a woman order this product - a 14 be around a small-medium size and should fit most woman . THESE RUN SMALL . order larger than you need .
Gloves	POS	5	originally buy these for my son for Christmas 2010 . bought he a second pair to keep at home and he keep the other at college . great buy and the glove wash very well , too .
Gloves	POS	4	this glove be ok for training . they run a bit small but they work just fine for mel Hopefuly they last .
Gloves	POS	4	improve you `` traction '' in the water , especially with lap or fitness swimming , water aerobic , etc. . these glove be comfortable and leave the fingertip open for you hand . Time will tell as to durability and how chlorine affect they over the long haul . so far , no complaint .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit well , have a improve palm padding material . the thumb and forefinger have extra material know that with this type of glove this be the point that will get the most wear . Extra material at the finger tip too . well make , I would buy they again .
Gloves	NEU	3	I read some of the review that say these glove tend to run a size too small . so when I see they reference the glove size by the shoe size , I get the 10 to 12 inch , because my foot be only 10.5 . but when I put they on , the glove feel tight . I be almost debate return they to get the next size up . so yes , take they size recommendation whatever range you fit into , and go the next one up if you want to make sure they will fit nicely .
Gloves	NEU	3	they rip in palm after 3 week of use . not very happy with they need more strenthg in palm area would not reccomend
Gloves	POS	5	I have be use these glove for two year . the quality of fit be not match by any other glove money can buy . if you be do work that put a lot of wear on glove , such as haul firewood , go buy cheap leather glove . however , if you be go to be do work where you actually have to use you finger , or you find yourself take glove off every five minute to do mundane task , these be the glove to get . I use they outdoors everyday at work , and they work great for any activity where you need good grip , and maximum dexterity , such as shooting . for those review that complain about they not be waterproof , that be a advantage . these glove breathe much better than any waterproof glove , allow you to keep they on when you be use they to work in the 100 + degree weather . they also provide excellent grip and fit while soaked . I have use they dry down to 25 degree . if you be look for a glove to get wet in the winter , go buy ski glove . also , although it be not suggest by the manufacturer , I have machine wash and tumble dry these glove quite often , and have never have any ill effect .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be just what my husband be look for . he think they be great for he workout and very comfortable .
Gloves	POS	4	I purchase a identical second pair within three month after be distraught at lose my first pair at the gym . the knurling on gym equipment hurt my hand bad and this pair of glove guard my palm well . I be at the gym 3-4 time a week and do basic weight and stability training , nothing too fancy so the glove be not truly battle test . they be inconspicuous black glove that look sophisticated . I have two issue with they no fault of the glove itself - my exercise watch move down to meet the leather upper for the velcro fastener and push the watch button into my skin and that hurt after a hour . secondly , I have to remove my ring as the glove be push it all the way to the webbing and hurt they - not a excuse to walk the gym without a ring on my finger , genuine pain there ! I purchase the female set with a dash of pink for my wife and she love it too . the glove provide no further stability to you hand beyond protect the skin and the measurement methodology for pick the right glove work perfectly for my short stubby hand . I have not wash they yet , so I be not sure how they react to water . one final thought , they initlaly leave black residue in you palm , guess that be something the manufacturer use to coat the glove , it stop after about 6 hour of use .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for my sister 's 20th birthday gift . she love they ! they fit great , work perfect , and be very stylish ! I could not have get anything better for she !
Gloves	POS	5	of course it emphasize the arm and shoulder . I have very large hand -lrb- 6 ' 4 '' -rrb- and base on the review I go with the large . the fit be fine for my hand which be skinny but the finger cut into the web of my hand so I wish I would buy the XL . it be not a problem once I start swim though . my arm get more of a workout but they be not sore and it be not as dramatic a difference as some say . however , anything that make swim more interesting be worth twice the price .
Gloves	POS	4	the glove be great . high quality , durable and comfortable . even though I receive XL when I order l , they do the job just fine . the $ 14 price tag be a bargain for the quality .
Gloves	POS	4	this be my second pair of these glove , so obviously I be satified with the quality . the glove be great for training and for help to perfect you stroke -lrb- they make it very obvious when you be not do thing correctly -rrb- . the only reason they do not get five star be because , as other reviewer have mention , the wrist be a little loose . the velcro do not quite go over far enough to tighten they up to where I would need for they to be snug . it be a little distracting when swimming , but definitely workable .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy a pair of Ironclad Tundra Gloves for my brother for Christmas . he have a problem with keep he hand warm outside in the cold . I be willing to spend whatever it take to get he warm glove . I buy these think these be the best glove money could buy . they be to small for he so I keep they for myself . first time I use they while snowblow my driveway I damn near get frost bit finger . my mucher cheaper line leather glove be much much much warmer . do not waste you money on these .
Gloves	POS	5	I have a dfficult time decide between this ironcald Box Handler Glover or the heavy duty glove Ironclad also sell . I finally decide to go for dexterity\/agility over the more heavy duty glove . I think I have make a good choice . they be indeed very comfortable glove and the best fitting glove I have ever own even though you at a disadvantage by not be able to try they on before the purchase . all I do be go to my tool shed and check the size of the work glove I usually wear . with these glove you can pick a dime off the floor . now you would not want to haul firewood all day long with these glove , and that be why I still use my standard `` home improvement store '' heavy duty glove for that kind of work , but than you 'll never grip a hammer better with any other glove than with these , and that be where these glove shine . these Ironclad Box Handler glove be in my opinion best suit for pick up small object off the floor , grip tool like hammer , screwdriver , drill , pick , shovel and thing like that . on the down side I find that $ 25 be a bit high for a pair of light weight glove . I be use to pay between $ 5 and $ 15 for a pair of work glove . would I buy these glove again ? for a great fitting light weight glove that give you hand greater agility for $ 15 you bet -- but for $ 25 ahhh maybe , but than maybe not .
Gloves	POS	5	as a multi-trade craftsman , I have use , abused , and refuse any number of glove in 30 year of work . these glove strike a good balance between protection and dexterousness . they be not for heavy and unaware usage , mean if you be pull brush , haul log , heave concrete block or do heavy demo these will work if you pay attention to what and how you be move you material . they 'll last under these condition but not or for hundred of hour . if you just jump in , in a day or two they 'll be worn , tear , or rip . but for medium labor , wrenching , carpentry , power tool handling , etc. these will give you a good degree of protection and last month 's . to review this glove as poor , or ` not worth a dime ' ... `` because I run they through a saw and my finger fall off '' , or `` I be pack loose razor blade and these glove get tear to shred '' be operator negligence by use a tool not suit to the task . overall a great glove for it be intended purpose , they outlast similar glove cost twice as much .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove to use at work . we handle lot of pallet and I need some durable yet comfortable glove to protect my hand from splinter and pinch . I like they because they have a protective palm , but at the same time they be be flexible and lightweight . I would highly recomend these glove . at this price they be a great value that I believe will last I for quit a while .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy the tundra to work outside , do heavy labor out here on the east coast during the snow storm . they be totally worth every penny . these glove keep my hand warm and stand up to hour of abuse . these guy definitely know what they be do . I have see company copy they look , but do not be fool . they function be second best . I love ironclad and recommend they to everyone . I try Youngstown once because they be cheaper and well , you know the say , `` you get what you pay for . '' my hand be worth more .
Gloves	POS	5	these be fantastic glove . I get a pair for my mechanic son , who work in he shop without heat once in a while . get they a year ago , he be finally wear they out . bought new pair -lrb- this one -rrb- and he be tell everyone how good they be , put they down in a locker at a roller derby game and they be go within a few minute . have to buy another pair , he can not live without they . say the palm extra material make they fantastic .
Gloves	POS	5	my mother want a pair for christmas , she hate she old pair . when she use this pair she love they say it be like night and day difference , they work great and ask I to get she another pair !
Gloves	POS	4	thus far , they be awesome . Came in the mail today and they fit great , which be no small feat . local place never seem to have well fitting glove so I have always buy online , always buy the largest size available . this be the first pair I have purchase that actually fit my hand . I buy they as utility\/climbing glove for my hike trip as well as general yard work . so far they seem pretty tough , and I love the texture between the thumb and forefinger it provide outstanding grip . they be also surprisingly comfortable , especially for work glove . I 'll be sure to leave a update after they have be field test but so far I can not find anything wrong with they !
Gloves	NEG	1	whoever come up with the name for these glove should have they head examine and the manufacturer should receive some sort of admonition about false and deceptive advertising . I live and work at a elevation of 8,000 foot and frequently work ouside in temperature in the teens and twenty . simply state , these glove do not keep my hand from freezing at temperature below about 32 degreee . to make matter worse , they easily get soak wet and then take a long time to dry . I wish that I have spend my money on something else .
Gloves	POS	5	these be the best cold weather glove you can get . . they be worth every penny that you pay for they ... as a material handler who work out in the element , these be the best glove to have on you hand in the cold weather . . the dexterity be excellent and I have have to take they off in the winter in the freezing weather because my hand get too hot ! one downside be that once these get wet inside , they stay wet ...
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase these boot for my husband since he first pair be fall apart -- THEY be at LEAST 10 year old ! he be in the contracting business and need quality `` rain and mud boot '' and this product do the job !! these boot slip right over he shoe and be a easy on and off .
Gloves	POS	5	this be a peerfect item . just order it one size bigger and will fit perfect .
Gloves	POS	4	these be a good set if you want to work on strengthen you wrist . I have be use the one with the wrist strap , but they be handicap my wrist strength . good reliable glove .
Gloves	POS	5	I love these glove because they help my hand stay smoothe and still allow I to pound the weight . thanks glove .
Gloves	NEG	1	misleading size and pricing !!!! seller would not exchange ! seller offer 2 xl size which be very small and make to fit a girl , so I give the first pair to my girlfriend . the 2nd xl that I buy for myself\/again , be $ 3 more and be the exact same small size . seller would not exchange the 2nd pair . buyer beware !
Gloves	POS	5	I have reach the point in my training routine where the hand discomfort of grip the weight be prevent I from progress . I read the review offer and order these in the large size since the consensus seem to be that they run small in size . they be easy enough to wear and grip , not too stiff , and very breathable .
Gloves	POS	5	I usually take a large size but after read the review go for extra large . fit be snug and very comfortable . I like the natural color and there be no odor -lrb- someone have mention that with the black glove there be a strong odor -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	wow !! this product come in 2 day after i buy it !! and i have never see better quality work ... worth the money !!! -lrb- pretty cheap too -rrb- ; -rrb-
Gloves	NEG	1	as many other reviewer have state these glove fall apart . I go through two pair in short order when the `` washable '' synthetic leather literally disintegrate , the material stretch way out and hole show up everywhere in the material . last less time than much cheaper glove I have own . for a heavier glove I have have better luck with Ironclad 's Icon line which seem to use a more durable synthetic for the palm .
Gloves	NEG	1	I swim 50 lap every week & it be start to hurt my hand , so I think I would try some swim glove . I buy these & by the time I get to the end of the pool , I want they off ! it feel like swimming in waterlogged oven mitt & make my stroke slower .
Gloves	POS	5	my wife ride a scooter to work in the early morning and hate the cold air get up she sleeve . this will no longer be a problem thanks to these glove . they be well make and she say very comfortable . the gauntlet will take care of the chilly sleeve problem .
Gloves	POS	4	Pretty neat thing these be . I think they be more for exercise then they be for actually swim faster . be careful with the size because I think mine be just a bit too large , even though I have very moderately size hand . still , they fit and work wonderfully .
Gloves	POS	4	I have have no problem with this product . I will be most likely re-purchase they . they be clear , vinyl glove with a small amount of powder . not too bulky . nice product . I carry a box to work with I everyday - I work in the medical field . I do not know if I would recommend they for heavy-duty physical labor as I have not use they for that purpose . I just wish shipping be cheaper .
Gloves	POS	5	these be purchase for a friend that work at a grocery store deli . they be use for cold and room temp box that have be on pallet or in the freezer . be use 6 day a week from 6-8 + hour they have last a while . they even save my friend from a nasty cut thumb ! the grip do help , but like anything that be be use a lot , it wear . overall a good buy .
Gloves	POS	5	I just receive these glove and they be everything that I need . they be true to fit and they appear to be well make . I be use they to protect my hand while prepare equipment to be load onto truck aboard a military airport . I highly recommend they .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be happy with these so far , they be nice quality and comfortable . my only concern be that I wear they while do floor work -lrb- push up , etc -rrb- and one seam be start to rip ! Time will tell ...
Gloves	POS	5	the palm of these swim glove be rubber , make it be easy to hold onto the edge of pool deck . I have a different brand of swim glove without this feature and I could not exercise hold the edge of the deck without remove the glove .
Gloves	NEG	2	I buy a pair of these as a workout set for heavy bag use , and have be mostly disappoint with they for that purpose . pro : Easy on and off , even put they on by yourself . wrist strap be simple and hold well . breathe surprisingly well for the design . con : even with hand wrap on , I find my right glove to fit too poorly to absorb punch well ; the design make it hard to form a proper fist without try to grip the glove into a proper position to do so . the left I have no problem with for some reason , maybe just have a bad pair ? the padding make blow glance off of the bag to a degree that it make I feel like I be risk injury when use they for actual impact punch . grip make my hand feel too open when punch , can not grip a tight fist ... my hand would be bruise or very sore after even a modest workout with they .
Gloves	POS	5	it take about a week of use these glove , but after I break they in they be great !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove make my water exercise program more intense . the glove be larger and stiffer than the one I have before . my arm feel stronger already .
Gloves	POS	4	Mechanix be recognize in the work field as a leader in a comfortable and usable glove . the person wear Mechanix glove feel more `` one with the glove '' rather than fight the normal `` I be wear glove and can not grip anything '' trouble we have all experienced . these fast-fit glove be a tight , but not too tight , fit to feel like the glove be you hand , which create a better work experience , no matter what profession . personally , I use these glove for woodworking , and they work great for it . it give the the protection and grip I need while still maintain a good , comfortable feel . a good glove , can not have too many pair : -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	they fit well and be easy to take on and off . highly recommend . they be durable and look great . I would recommend a standard weight glove .
Gloves	POS	4	I have own three pair of these so far , and they be easily the best glove I have ever use . I have previously only use unpadded glove , and the padding in the palm seem a little thick at first . the padding do make it more difficult to get a solid grip in some exercise machine that also have large rubber grip on they -lrb- lat pulldown bar , for example -rrb- , but that be the trade off for excellent support and protection when use the glove on machine with uncovered metal grip . I find these glove to be more durable than the other non-padded harbinger glove I have worn . the glove can be safely wash and air drye , as advertise . my only complaint with regard to wear be that the unreinforced leather where my thumb meet the padding in the palm seem to wear out before the rest of the glove . every pair I have own will eventually wear a hole in this particular area .
Gloves	POS	5	I choose these glove as a alternative to overprice so-called `` tactical '' glove . I be extremely pleased . the glove be make very well and fit my hand like , well , a glove . they be form fitting , extremely comfortable and breath well . the velcro wrist strap keep they snug and keep dirt and other debris out . I would recommend you consider this option as a alternative to mall-ninja crap be sell under the guise of tactical . yeah , they be not midnight black but at least they be build to last .
Gloves	NEG	2	I buy these heavy duty glove with high hope . they do prove to be comfortable and better than leather in wet environment . however , after a mere six weekend of light to medium do-it-yourself work , the glove have fail . for the $ 30 investment , I find they performance wholly unsatisfactory when it come to durability .
Gloves	POS	5	these be heavy duty , thick glove . some user may be use to \/ prefer they glove on the thinner side . thankfully , I read some review and actually measure my hand in the manner recommend by the manufacturer prior to order . base upon a old pair of glove I have my first instinct be to order a size medium . base upon Harbinger 's size guide , I be right on the break between size large and x-large . base upon reviewer comment , I go with the x-large size . and , I be glad I do . they fit very snugly and I can not imagine the large size would even fit I .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be comfortable and the price be right ! I have not use they for any heavy duty work - mostly just lug around dirty car part - so I can not really comment on how well they hold up to abuse . they clean up nicely after I get they full of grease and gunk . Might just pick up another pair to keep around the house
Gloves	POS	5	the ironclad general utility provide warmth , comfort , a excellent grip , versatility , and to top it off , they look great . what more could you ask for ?
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for work with cargo in Antarctica and so far have be quite impressed . I though the large may have be to small , but this be not the case . I usually go with a XL or XXL depend on the glove since I have a wider hand at the thumb .
Gloves	NEG	2	these glove fit very well , and be very comfortable . that be the only reason i do not give they 1 star . I have be use they for weight lifting at the gym - not exactly work ! after a few month , the palm stitching be go in many place and one seam split . a `` heavy utility '' glove should last at least a year in the gym for I to spend this much money on it . have to search for a different kind .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove provide more resistance than nylon webbed glove I have use previously . a great buy for aqua aerobic for a better arm and upper body workout .
Gloves	POS	5	this be a excellent product for those who exercise in the water . I use they regularly . they fit well and seem very durable .
Gloves	POS	5	very good grip around the wrist which be really important when you be train with heavy weight . Enough cushion for the palm of you hand . and the price be good too . I do recommend these .
Gloves	POS	5	I be look for glove to wear during my teacher lead exercise class -- tough on hand to do pushup on concrete ... and band often slip in sweaty hand . these be great glove and a even better value -- and love that they can be wash . here be one word of caution -- be sure to order the next size up from what you normally do . they run very SMALL . all in all great product and recommend highly .
Gloves	POS	5	I decide to give these a try as the first time I see they I think , `` what a fantastic idea ! '' I order a medium and they feel more snug out of the water than in it . I swim 3 or 4 time a week for 2.5 to 3.5 hour , and these make a huge difference in not only push you through the water faster , but also they work you arm , chest , and back much more . I have get a pair of the Frisky Aqua Shoes as well , and I love both of these item .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove because the price be too good to pass up . these same glove cost more than double at the local store . I have use these glove for year . they be very good work glove
Gloves	POS	5	I have be wear swim glove for several year and I have be very pleased with the quality of these . these glove be the only brand I have worn-much more comfortable than wear the paddle on the hand . the velcro stay secure and strong . I swim lap twice\/week and go through a pair of these about every 2 year . the neoprene right past the wrist area will show `` wear '' with all the put on and take off over time , of course . I recommend this brand .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great ! they be size small so order they large like every one else say . they be a little stiff at the web of you finger when they be new but a couple workout and they fit and feel fine . I have no problem with loss of grip do lat pull downs or pull up with these glove at all . the leather in the palm have just the right amount of thickness and be very tough but pliable . the mesh back be breathable and do not overheat you hand . I would have pay twice the price for these if I have to .
Gloves	POS	5	I like these alot better than the male harbinger in all actuality . ive have both however i like that i do not have to strap they on each time which while i wouldnt say `` save time '' defiantly just increase this version simpleness . I skate with these , i go to the gym with these and at both they have a nice grip and a fair amount of cushion without feeling heavy . this be like my third pair and i keep get these -lrb- i go -lrb- pretty hard while skating and always destroy they after 6 month or so -rrb- .
Gloves	NEG	2	I do waterfit six day a week and need a pair of glove that will with stand the chlorine in the pool . I have always use the brand water Gear and think I would try Speedo but after several week use they I will go back to Water Gear for my next purchase . Speedo will hold up in the chlorine as well but for my hand which be very small the water Gear feel more comfortable . these be a great price and well construct but this be just my personal preference .
Gloves	POS	5	I work at Fed-Ex Freightways in Ohio and I have never be as cold as I be when I work there during the night hour . I work on a concrete slab with the wind blow across at a very heavy pace . long story short ... my finger and toe freeze during the winter after 5 minute of be outside . I sort through paper bill , lift heavy product -lrb- pipe , sheet metal , box , and all kind of awkward freight -rrb- and I need glove that keep my hand warm and stand up to the abuse of move freight . well I have be use these glove for 2 week so far and I have never have a better glove . everyone at work want to spend the extra money and buy these as well . they do get a little cold , but nothing unbearable . I definatly recommend these glove if you be look for durability , comfort and warmth !!
Gloves	POS	5	these be the glove I use for weight . it really fit my palm size and offer proper protection . the design be specifically for female and it turn out to be great product !
Gloves	POS	4	ironclad hug last about 3 month for I . inorder for the glove to last this long you can not use they on sharp or hot object . the weakist point be the seam that attach the kevlar to the glove once the seam be cut they begin to unravel and fall apart , mainly at the index finger and thumb area . overall you be able to handle small item , you hand do not get sweaty . they be comfortable and you be able to wash they when they get dirty . Main drawback - PRICEY , but worth it .
Gloves	POS	5	IRONCLAD ? what else do you need to SAY ... the ONLY GLOVES MY MEN will wear .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be really great for hit the bag or training . they do run a little tight , I have the 12oz glove and have pretty small hand for a guy and they feel a bit tight . I still have to break they in so im sure the glove will fit perfect once I do . but if you like you glove to fit a little loose get the 14oz .
Gloves	NEG	2	update : May 2011 just receive a new pair and feel very disappointed . what be a exceptionally slick and sensitive glove , almost latex like , turn out into ordinary rough `` garden quality '' product . the leather be much stiffer and internal seam be huge -lrb- see the uploaded picture -rrb- . as the result the glove be uncomfortable and not sensitive . would not recommend they anymore . ------------------------------ use to be : very good for the money . flexible too . the best glove for the money I have ever have . mind you they be not the heavy duty glove , but for the most of the light work around the house or with the car - they be the perfect fit . if you want to avoid these stupid splinter and cut , which you stare at afterwards and curse silently , get yourself a pair or two . highly recommend !
Gloves	POS	4	these be decent quality for a good price . notice they rip at the bottom a few time while pull they on .
Gloves	NEU	3	the size chart be at -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- scroll down that web page to the Aqua Fitness Gloves section -rrb- . accord to my reading of the chart : 8cm palm width = small 8.5 cm = medium 9-9 .5 cm = large 10-10 .5 = xl . to use the size chart i measure the horizontal width of my palm start from where the thumb meet the palm . my palm measure 9.5 cm and the glove that arrive -lrb- size large -rrb- fit , but a little snug . so i think i read the chart correctly , since accord to the chart my hand be at the upper end of the size large . I do not mind the snugness at all , except there be a little too much pressure in the crevice between my index and middle finger . it be not uncomfortable enough to return the product . in all other respects the product fit well , be comfortable , and seem very well make . i have never use swim glove before . i expect they would produce more resistance in the water than they actually do . so i do not know how much they will increase the strength building i be hope to accomplish by use they while swim . give how difficult the seller and manufacturer make it to figure out what size glove to purchase , the discomfort between my index and middle finger , and the limited use the glove probably will have , i only give the product 3 star . if i be to rate the product purely on the quality and strength of the material i would probably give it 5 star , and if my only issue be the discomfort between the two finger i would give it no less than 4 start .
Gloves	NEG	1	I order these glove for a Dr. Horrible Costume , so I need this exact style of glove . instead they be ship from Acehardwareoutlet and when they arrive they be a totally different style . I be go to try and bleach they so they will work , but be warn if you order here that the picture glove be not what you will get .
Gloves	POS	5	I want glove to use while snorkeling , which I do frequently , so I could use only my arm to get around and get a upper body workout . these be perfect . I fly through the water without use my fin and really work my upper arm and chest . as mention by many other , order smaller than usual . I normally wear large glove but order medium on these and they fit perfectly . that be great advice by the other reviewer , thanks .
Gloves	POS	5	I get what I order so would highly recomment this . the product receieve be genuine and upto my expectation . . couldnt have ask for more
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these glove because my last pair fall apart due to lot of use . the color be great and they work well . however , the fit be slightly off so my finger be in slightly odd position while wear they . I also think they should be longer so the velcro be further up on my wrist -lrb- more like where my watch sit rather than the base of my hand -rrb- . but I like they , need they and will keep they .
Gloves	NEG	1	I get these when I start and I have buy much better glove since . pro - cheap - breathable palm con - hand compartment be very loose . this be dangerous ! - knuckle padding be insufficient - padding be at a weird angle so there be a gap between the glove and you hand . - wrist support be terrible ; handwrap can not make up for this completely . - fake leather be very thin especially on the palm side - stitching be fall apart if you plan to use these for more than aerobic , you will hurt you hand and wrist . if you get serious at all , you will probably upgrade within a month or two . just save you $ 25 towards better glove now .
Gloves	NEU	3	I be not a especially weird-handed person . but these glove just do not quite fit right . I go with medium , and be sure large would be too big -lrb- come on I weigh -lrb- 150 lb . I be clearly not a large size anything . -rrb- my problem be threefold : 1 -rrb- the finger be cut too deeply . what I mean be , when I have the glove on the bottom of the `` v '' in between two finger cut painfully into the skin webbing between my finger . again I have completely normal hand - not aquaman here . my finger fit in the hole perfectly , so clearly the proportion be just wrong . never have this problem with a glove before . 2 -rrb- the velcro strap ride up too high on you wrist . it be generous say it be even on my wrist , it be really half on my palm . 3 -rrb- the above two might make you think maybe I be indeed a large . but the thumb-hole already have a lot of wiggle room - no way I would need more . additionally , as I say , the finger hole be perfect and the pad align well with the bottom of my finger to prevent callouse . this be clearly just a case of a poorly design product . if you can get they under $ 15 and only lift 2-3 day per week it might be worth it . otherwise it be worth a extra few buck to look elsewhere . side note : the yellow version of these glove be what Artie on Glee use . weird .
Gloves	POS	5	I be look for something simple , without all the extra `` gel '' cushion and wrist support ; that be what hand wrap be for ! of course , you can never go wrong with the color red , so I decide these medium weight glove would do the trick . I have use they for a few week , and they be solid glove . there be enough padding to spare you knuckle of damage and still give good force feedback on a punch . there be not a reason not to get these glove . I use they with the Everlast 180 '' hand wrap , and it be be a great combo to maintain wrist support and get a good boxing workout !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy they for some sparring and bag work , and they work just fine . they might be a little hard , but they be not bad . they break in pretty quickly .
Gloves	POS	5	I do water aerobic three time a week and find these glove -lrb- because of they add resistance in the water -rrb- be a big help to get a better workout .
Gloves	POS	5	these be the best glove I have have and I have be through a few . feel sturdy , and not cheap at all . I have already recommend these to my co-worker .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use Harbinger glove for 3 year before I decide it be time for a upgrade . these glove be awesome ! great fit -lrb- though I would suggest go one size higher -rrb- and feel good too .
Gloves	POS	5	I have have my pair for about 2 year and they be still hold up well . they dont cover up the entire finger but that be what I want . I still want to maintain some decent hand control with the equiment and these glove do the job nicely . I would recommend these to anyuone who lift weight fairly regulary or work the rig on a larger sail boat and want to protect thier hand .
Gloves	POS	4	I buy these glove to wear during maintenance on my car . they be very comfortable and seem quite durable for the purpose I need they for . they breathe well and provide great grip when handle tool and other hardware . I do not want to spend a bunch of money for glove that be go to get greasy and dirty , so these fit the bill perfectly . the only reason they do not get 5 star be because it be hard to pick up tiny screw and bolt with my finger tip when wear the glove .
Gloves	POS	4	this be my second pair . bought my first one about a year ago . I too have see the stiching give out befor the material . but none the less they be great glove . I use they for just about everything . Hope my second pair be as good as my first .
Gloves	POS	5	the glove fit snug and do a fine job provide resistance for a improve swimming workout . I brough the glove with hope of add a little something extra to my swimming . they do a great job add `` push '' through the water . you can also manipulate you finger and hand while wear this product .
Gloves	POS	5	this be the first time ever leave a review for a product . I work at up and handle over 2,500 package a day & no glove would make it more than a few week they would fall apart from abuse . the glove last except the sticky lining on the palm & finger dont make it over a week . no hole or tear like so many other brand name glove i previously waste money with . long story short excellent glove !
Gloves	POS	4	I like the Harbinger glove because they have great padding and they be not black . when you sweat with black glove , the dark color tend to rub off on you hand , make you hand look quite dirty . the glove fit snug , but some of the stitching could be a bit better . in any case , I 'll probably buy more of they in the future as these wear out .
Gloves	POS	4	acquire for a Halloween costume -lrb- Dr. Horrible , from the web musical Dr. Horrible 's sing-along blog -rrb- . in that context , these glove serve well , though they do make it hard to grip Cheetos .
Gloves	POS	5	I do my research and believe I this be Theresa product for the best price . good deal here the quality plus the quanity
Gloves	POS	5	I purchase 2 pair of this glove for my 2 son . when work in the cold on they car , they hand would be so cold and they could not grip thing well . they be both pleased with the glove . they do not seem to be too thick . I think the sizing be correct also .
Gloves	NEU	3	Picture show be not what I get . Mine have pleat that be good for remove -lrb- always a pain with workout glove -rrb- . I originally write they have too much padding but the more I use it , the more I like they .
Gloves	POS	5	my glove -lrb- ironclad ic-0300grbyu-s -rrb- that I have have and use regularly since 2000 , have grow leg and walk off !!! I can not believe it . after almost 5 year of use , they leave I !!! so I be buy another pair just like they . I have use the glove a lot and they stand up to to anything . highly recommend .
Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove . there tight fitting and very comformtable . Great for hit my bag .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great - they allow movement and dexterity while protect the hand . my hand be arthritic so a non-binding glove be a great find . I wear these for everything from garden work to walk the dog to work in the garage , and would recommend they to anyone .
Gloves	POS	5	I get these to do my `` pick '' in local garage sale and auction . I have long finger and they fit really well , I like leather better , but these really fit and I hope they last a while .
Gloves	POS	5	my 7-year-old son be take karate and ask for a punch bag for Christmas , so we get these glove to go with it . they be very nice glove , sturdy and they fit my hand -lrb- adult female -rrb- , but my son can slide he hand into the curve and use they quite well , in fact , all the kid in the family take turn use they . the whole project turn out very well , everyone be interested in the punch bag and everyone can wear the glove . I be happy with the glove , I want a serious pair of glove for some serious work out . for myself , I might get something bigger\/stronger later on , but for now , these protect everyone 's hand quite well and ensure good form . they look and feel professional , they be not `` kiddie glove '' and my son feel `` cool '' put they on . I be very happy with they .
Gloves	POS	5	very pleased . would be even more pleased if the glove come with a set of wrap .
Gloves	POS	5	I buy two pair for my son for Christmas . I be concern that they would not be of good quality . they perfect . my son be 14 they fit perfect and be of excellant quality .
Gloves	POS	4	I purchase these for my grandaughter who have a very active imagination . she love to swim , especially under water . she say these swim glove really help propel she .
Gloves	POS	4	so the glove be nice . Comfy , good padding , well-constructed . I be a decently heavy lifter -lrb- max : 120lb dumbbell in each hand -rrb- . nothing even remotely close to some people , but I can push some weight and the glove have def save my hand . only neg thing would be the area where the finger come together seem a little deep ... its hard to explain , but the webbing area inbetween you finger can get sore because the glove be ... deep-fingered ? anyway ... id def buy they again . harbinger be the s !
Gloves	NEU	3	the glove be alright I guess , protect the palm from bruise , do what it be suppose to do , but not much padding when do heavy bench press . good thing I read the previous review in regard to size and order a size bigger than on the chart provide . my last harbinger be l size this one be XL and it be a tight fit , it be hard to take it off . so order 1 or 2 size bigger .
Gloves	POS	5	since I fall and badly cut my hand I decide glove would protect I some . I buy my first pair at a sport goods store and subsequently more pair at Amazon which be a better deal . these be very comfortable , easy on and off , wash nice , and be attractive . I do not go out without they . I like have a few pair so I always have they ` handy ' .
Gloves	POS	5	Everlast make great fit training glove . they be perfect for basic use , simple practice and workout . Easy to slip in and secure with velcro strap that be simpe to get off . the material be pretty durable and I have be use these for two month now with no problem . -lrb- i use they around twice a week on punch bag -rrb- . I have recommend these to my gym buddy and they seem to be enjoy theirs as well .
Gloves	POS	5	I be 5 '11 and I weight 215lb and I wear a XL glove . I work out with a lot of free weight and I have always find that the bar be always too small for my hand and finger to get a good grip . now these glove have a lot of padding to they which make the bar feel larger . I wish I would of new about these thing sooner but I use to think they be only for people who didnt like callus . not only do it make the bar feel like the right size for I but it give I the perfect grip throughout my rep. also when bench press I sometimes role the bar when finish my last rep and I havent feel any pain in my thumb like I have in the past . I think wear these will really save not only you skin but you joint in you hand and wrist by allow you to get into a more natural and comfortable position on the bar . Hope this help
Gloves	POS	5	they fit well , and make sure that it be you muscle that fail , not you grip . Seem to breathe easy , and be definitely comfortable . Make sure you know you size , and remember that weight-lifting glove be make tight .
Gloves	NEG	1	I be excite about review I read , but when I actually use the glove I be very disappointed ... I will be go back to paddle .
Gloves	POS	4	these be well make glove ... -lrb- I have not have they long -rrb- but the padding that I get they for be in all the wrong place . I get these specifically for bench press heavy weight , but the padding be all in the finger and upper part of the hand . there should be more in the lower palm where all the weight sit . that be say , they be nice and snug and feel durable . I have not have similar problem as other with not be able to close my hand for different exercise . I like these glove overall .
Gloves	NEG	2	it be i good material , but it be not as i expect . the glove be too thick so i could not have the good grip .
Gloves	POS	5	I just recently pass my test into Krav Maga level ii , and these glove be just the ticket . they fit great , and be plenty comfortable to wear for long period . the 14 oz be a nice middle ground between protection and maneuverability . they be very easy to put on too .
Gloves	NEG	1	be a journeyman carpenter in the Chicago area and face extremely cold temperature in the winter I be always look for a good fitting glove . this glove fall apart very quickly if worn everyday for one week . unfortunately there be not a lot of alternative glove out there for a carpenter to wear in the winter . these glove wear out fast and do not keep you hand very warm . the only good thing about the glove be that they allow for a tight grip . I wish someone would develop a real glove for carpenter .
Gloves	POS	5	I love the price of these glove . I would read other review prior to purchase they for my husband , not personally know much about mechanic glove at all . my husband be pleased and praise I up and down for purchase these. : -rrb- they work out great for he when he recently spend 4 hour work on we car outside in the rain . he be be a mechanic for about a decade now and always get bump and bruise , come home from work -lrb- US NAVY -rrb- with cut on he hand . no more ! thanks to these glove ! I just wish these glove be military issue because there be mechanic everywhere who could really use these . they be awesome !
Gloves	POS	5	I have be lift for 30 year now -lrb- ouch -rrb- and have become very set in my way . I use to say glove be for girl - until I snag a new sweater by put my arm around my girl friend way back when - I finally relent , no , I would not want those hand touch I either , so I start wear glove . if you do a lot of heavy pulldowns\/pullups , shrug , deadlift and such these will work great . 3\/4 Finger length glove be hard to find , but you will get serious callus just below you first knuckle without they if you go heavier on back day . these may take a little while to get use to and feel a bit bulky at first but they do break in pretty well . I also prefer no wrist-wrap build into the glove as I find they bulky and constrict . I prefer the option of use good cotton strap when need instead -lrb- APT Ultimate Straps -rrb- . these be pretty much the only glove out there meet my criterion at this time . I have try and destroy a lot of cheaper glove in short order over the year and have end up settle on these . I have use the previous version of this glove for about 10year now , they last I about a year and I lift 5-6 day a week . for the amount of use\/abuse they be a decent value though the price may be a little higher than other .
Gloves	NEU	3	not enough padding for good heavy bag workout . will wear down you knuckle with these guy - better to buy a more expensive pair and save you hand
Gloves	NEG	1	I purchase these glove and start a small remodeling job the next day . after one day of demo one of the finger seam have start to come apart . on day two we frame and they develop a few small hole in the palm . for the money spend I could have get three pair of leather work glove that would of last three month . if you work hard these glove be the wrong choice .
Gloves	NEU	3	Speedo be the hallmark of aquatic product . I trust the reinforce stitching . glove be true to size specify . the color match my new Aqua pro ankle weight . : - -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	excellent weight lifting glove . I purchase a pair about ten or so year ago and use they regularly -lrb- three time a week -rrb- for almost five year before I have to replace they . I especially like the 3\/4 finger length since it prevent blister . rugged , fairly price and excellent quality . they be also machine washable .
Gloves	POS	5	I order this clarinet because I want to learn to play a wind instrument and I like the color that be different . I live on a island in the atlantic and I expect the shipment to take at least a month like other package do . but I be surprise when I get the notification e-mail alert I that my package have arrive . when I pick up my packeage and open it be like aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh love at first sight . thank you very much Amazon  Barcelona Bb clarinet with Case , Polishing Cloth , Gloves , and Cork Wax - White
Gloves	NEG	2	I buy one of these glove a while ago , and what I can say about this new one be that the size be smaller , it do not fit my hand as the old one -lrb- both size s -rrb- , and the sewing be a little bit different too , a little uncomfortable . Preferred the old model
Gloves	POS	5	great palm and finger padding . affordable pricing . I get the Harbinger 1260 's for heavy lifting , and the Harbinger 1250 's for light training when i dont need the wrist support . I previously get the cheaper Valeo Competition wrist Wrap Lifting Glove but they dont stand up to either of these glove .
Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these to use with my heavy bag . I have average size hand and these fit almost perfect , maybe slightly loose , without wrap on . but you need to wear wrap , and these would not fit with wrap on . also , the chemical smell on this be pretty strong and it make I feel nauseated . I be not sure what to do , because I do not want to spend a lot of money for glove . but these be useless .
Gloves	POS	4	I use one pair of these for 5 month of trail building , include timber and rock work . plenty of mud as well . I really like the Kevlar reinforcement , but the seam on the roll-top finger fail after 4 month . Duct tape solve most of the problem .
Gloves	POS	4	I be skeptical of these glove when they arrive . they seem so thin . but after about one month of everyday use , I be very pleased .  I be tire of get sore hand from my generic leather glove . they seem to have lump and bump that irritate my hand . so I decide to try the Ironclad .  I have use they for all of these task : move lumber , handle and splitting firewood , handle barbwire -lrb- do not get poke in the palm , just lucky ? -rrb- , digging and just general use to protect my hand . I even wear they while use my digital camera .  the dexterity be excellent . I have be able to pick up and hold nail and screw with the glove on .  i wear the glove more because of the great dexterity . the regular leather glove have to come off to do most small task , while the Ironclad can be worn most of the time .  the glove do not so any sign of wear , so far . the only thing they do not offer be wrist protection . they be short and not good for wet work . that be why I give they four star , instead of five . but they be easy to carry in you pocket .  two day ago I be handle firewood -lrb- without the glove -rrb- and get a big splinter in my thumb . I 'll never do that again ...
Gloves	POS	5	I can not say that I have try a lot of different weightlifting glove . all I can say be that these be great . they fit snuggly and comfortably , seem like they will be very durable . wear they do not just protect you hand , it add some measure of a feel of stability as well . definitely worth it compare to the cheap pair I buy before .
Gloves	POS	4	these glove be great for many purpose , from yardwork to heavy duty project . they do not keep thorn out , though !
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be worth the money if you husband have BIG hand . I can get by just fine on the `` large '' but the XL be BIG !!! my husband love they ! good buy !
Gloves	POS	5	I buy this for my niece who be in the prrican federation of Boxing , they work great . the service be awesome , when they could not send it on time they make sure I be notify first and decide if I wanna continue with the purshase or not ... for I that be a plus ! great service ! . I 'll certainly use they for future purshase !
Gloves	POS	5	the quality of these thing be pretty good . I have not use they much , but I think people would like em . I think you 'll have to break em in a bit though . they be quite stiff when you get they . = \/
Gloves	POS	4	these glove work the way you would expect they to work . it turn out that nature be right . you swim faster if you have web finger . and , because they be the same material as a wet suit , the glove keep my hand warm . the manufacturing flaw be that one of the glove , the left , have a slight defect at the base of the thumb . it do not affect anything now , but if the defect , a slight rip , extend , the glove will become unusable in the future . that be why I deduct one star and make this a four star item .
Gloves	POS	4	I like this glove I use at least 5 day a week . they run a little small and they need to come in pink or add pink to the black glove
Gloves	POS	5	I be not sure if these glove would fit without try they on . these glove fit so great and be a quality product . they fit like a glove
Gloves	POS	4	nice tight fit ! great quality but material seem thin . I probably should have go with the original but can not beat the price ...
Gloves	POS	5	great product for increase intensity for upper body in aquatic exercise . far superior to lycra glove I have use in the past . would recommend for anyone look for result . sign , a water fitness instructor
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be fantastic . the excellent fit couple with the over all durablity make these gloce perfect for heavy yard work . I have be use a sigle pair for almost a year now and it be not untill i have to split and stack 8 rick of wood in a weekend untill they start to show some wear . I would seriously recommend these glove for anyone do any heavy yard work or simmilar work .
Gloves	POS	4	I load truck at fedex ground and have go through many different type of glove and find that these ironclad glove last I the longest .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be use these glove 3-4 day a week for nearly 6 month now . they be still in great condition and cleaning be a breeze . the material be of high quality and the grip be perfect , not too much grip yet weight will not slip . highly recommend !
Gloves	NEG	1	I work out 3 time a week be I do a mix of resistance training and cardio . I receive these glove early January and I be eager to try they out . they be okay at first and take some get use to . the leather be pretty stiff but after a few week the glove loosen up and thin out in the thicker padded area . on Feb 14 2001 , the stitching come undo on the right glove . so about 1.5 month of use and the glove be now fall apart . maybe you 'll have better luck but I would be cautious of buy these again .
Gloves	NEU	3	these be similar to all those glove you see in the big box store for $ 1.98 ... except the cuff be very thin and the lining tend to shred quickly . they also tend to run a bit smaller than advertise size . if you have average size hand , they be fine . but if you have large paw -lrb- like I -rrb- they be tight .
Gloves	POS	4	I have be use my harbinger 1260 for approximately three week . the padding on the 1260s take a little get use to . the majority of my weight training be on machine that have rubber padding on the grip . this make grip with the Harbingers a little awkward at first , but I get use to it after a couple of workout . only time will tell whether these glove hold up as well as my old Nikes . I use those for over three year -lrb- they be lose -rrb- lifting weight 3 time a week .
Gloves	POS	5	I use these for tactical a shooting . they be great . true to size . grip and pad where you need it and not where you do not . highly reccomend .
Gloves	POS	5	good , comfortable , inexpensive glove for lifting . I have be use they almost daily for a few month now and they seem to be hold up just great . I would definitely buy they again .
Gloves	POS	5	I have be use lift glove for over 15 year and these be by far the best glove yet . I really notice the difference with the add padding on the palm and finger . they be make very well with real leather , not the cheap fake stuff . I think this be the best lifting glove on the market today .
Gloves	POS	5	I have go through several glove over the year -lrb- whether from wear and tear or just lose they -rrb- and I have get to highlight these as quality glove . weightlift glove do not always cover up to the middle of the finger , so callus form in the middle even if the bottom of the finger do not . these glove-finger cover up just past this section of the finger when the hand be flex . also , the light breathable back limit the heat buildup from heavier glove . wrist wrap have never actually protect my wrist , if you can not keep you wrist straight , a wrist wrap sure as hell will not be enough to hold it for you . the marginal benefit do not justify the presence of wrist wrap and they be thankfully absent from this glove . the leather here be soft , flexible , and properly place . avoid the other harbinger lifting glove model at all cost , the padding seam in the thumbsection be drive straight into the bone , whereas this pad 's seam run smooth . another nice feature be that unlike my other glove , the material do not shrink in the wash , so it can be toss into the laundry instead of have to be handwash like most glove . -lrb- and you need to wash lifting glove since gym be horrendously bacteria-ridden , in addition to the odor -rrb- .
Gloves	POS	5	whether you be a novice just get in SHAPE or a experience BOXER THESE be a great pair of WORKOUT GLOVES . extra padding offer great hand protection . if you be hit the heavy bag , make that you also use the hand wrap for MAXIMUM WRIST SUPPORT .
Gloves	NEG	2	this glove be just ok ... I like the leather palm , but it just do not fit as well as other glove that I have try . you can feel the seam in the fingertip and the glove leave blister on my hand , and blister be cause by movement . Make sure you get a good fitting glove . the Mechanix wear 4.0 glove be similar to this glove but with a better fit , any of those glove be better than this pair .
Gloves	POS	4	great product but the quality need to be work on . the thread along the inside of the glove will fray within day . I pray they will not fall apart after a couple month of use .
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great . they be pad on the palm which make they great for use for cattle bell , pull up bar , dip and other workout where you place a lot of weight on you palm .
Gloves	POS	4	first I want to make a slight correction to the previous reviewer 's text : the size\/weight of the glove do not change accord to the size of you hand but , rather , to the size of you , the user of the glove . if you be a average size male you will be hard press to find a spar partner if you only have 10oz glove : nobody in they right mind would agree to spar with you because with such small glove the risk of injure the receiver of the blow go way up . hence 16oz be the standard size for spar glove . woman can use 14oz and child 14oz and 12oz depend on how big they be . the point with heavier\/bigger glove be to protect you training partner . anyway , on with the review : these be good , all-around sparring glove . they over-all quality be quite good and even the velcro be do well so you could use these for thai boxing as well without scratch you partner 's neck and shoulder when clinch . however , I find that when you put more power behind you punch you knuckle tend to come through a bit so they be not the safest glove around . still they be good enough for pretty much anybody who be look for a good pair of glove for spar . I recommend that you get a separate pair of bag glove or 10oz glove for bag and mitt work since hit the heavy bag and focus mitt harden the leather which , again , make the glove more dangerous to use in sparring . remember to wrap you hand and wrist when hit the heavy bag in order to avoid knuckle , wrist , and shoulder injury . Everlast be a good company and for the most part they make quality product . these glove do what they be suppose to do .
Gloves	POS	4	with all thing this review be pretty much a pro and con list of thing that I have experience personally with my glove . after 2 week of 2 a day training in they I have a pretty good feel for they ability and short coming . pro : the glove itself have good hand\/finger coverage in general . the padding in the palm be thin enough for pull exercise but there be enough there to help support heavier weight when you be do a push exercise -lrb- i.e. bench press -rrb- . con : I have be a large in every other glove I have wear , I order the XL just in case they run small and find that even the XL size glove be smaller than the typical glove -lrb- they do stretch out after a day or so -rrb- . overall : I would recommend these glove . heavy lifter might want to seek out a harbinger brand with more padding . I have yet to wash they due to the fray around the wrist area and would like to get my $ value before test they washing\/drying durability .
Gloves	POS	5	thank you very much ! I be extremely happy with the fast service of this item . I sincerely and wholeheartedly appreciate it .
Gloves	NEG	1	i use these glove for five day before they no longer even resemble there original state . two day chip log , one day move scrap , and two day digging ; no finger at all -lrb- even the pinky and ring on right hand have finger tip hole -rrb- and worn to thread on the palm . this be not a durable glove of any caliber . look good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that require a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if you hand be you link to you work then skip this one . grant i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fit well and have any level of flexibility . but never have i wear through a new pair in under a week .
Gloves	POS	5	these be a huge improvement over my old glove . they seem to provide good protection . I have use they for both sparring and heavy bag work and they be hold up well . they fit snugly when wear 180 '' wrap and my large hand but it be not that bad . I would recomend they to anyone start boxing especially for the price . -lrb- the same exact thing be $ 80 at a large retail chain -rrb-
Gloves	POS	5	buy for a `` guy '' gift at Christmas party . the person who get it use they and really like the fit and quality of the glove . definitely recommend as a work glove outside .
Gloves	POS	5	i recently get into boxing and be get really tired of borrow the boxing glove from the gym -lrb- that they prolly never wash , practically dip my hand in acid when i get home . xd -rrb- . but so far these have be very comfortable and sturdy . i enjoy use they . definitely recommend !
Gloves	POS	5	I use these glove at work almost every day and they be comfortable and do the job of protect you hand . and the price be right , also .
Gloves	POS	5	I love work out without any glove and I do not mind have callus on my hand . however , I purchase this glove for health\/sanitary reason . I hear that the weight be actually one of the dirtiest item . as a matter of fact , you can get some skin disease from it . when the package arrive , I inspect the glove . the glove be well make and it seem sturdy enough to last for long time . I believe this be a worth while purchase and hopefully it can last a long time . until I have a personal gym at home , this glove seem like it will do the job .
Gloves	POS	5	very happy with my choice of glove . so far ... because , only time and usage will tell about they longevity ! one thing though : I order size large , and get a size large , so tight that the glove be very difficult to take off , even worse after the workout ! and I do not have big hand at all . I buy another pair , from another brand , at the same time , same size large , and they fit I perfectly .
Gloves	POS	5	we have purchase these glove previously through someone else and love they . the size be perfect for small man 's or woman 's hand . the quality be very good . the first pair last a long time -lrb- year -rrb- . these seem a bit thinner , but we will see how long they last . I highly recommend they .
Gloves	POS	5	we receive the pro Flex Wash Dry glove on time . they be a gift for we nephew . he love they . we be very happy with we purchase .
Gloves	POS	5	glove be accurately size in description - they fit properly when I get they ! they be well construct and seem durable . my only problem be get they off they fit so well !
Gloves	POS	5	the glove be perfect , strong yet flexible a nice snug fit also . arthur\/ca PS DO you sell a larger size glove just the pair i bought\/i need a pair one or two size larger thanks arthur\/ca
Gloves	POS	5	these glove be extremely comfortable . they have plenty of padding for comfort but also allow a good range of motion . I buy this pair to replace a pair that I lose in the gym , but I have own that pair for year and they have prove very durable .
Gloves	POS	5	I actually use these glove in place of biking glove . not only be they far superior in protection , but they cost far less . I normall wear a XL and the xxl be just a bit snug , but they be well make and look to be very durable .
Gloves	POS	5	since my mother enter assisted living , I have have to order glove for the worker at she facility . I buy in bulk and have a constant supply of they when need .
Gloves	POS	4	I have go through 3 pair of these over the last 3 + year . that be more longevity than other I have use . these be comfortable and give I the right amount of protection . I be go to put these on my Christmas list . I be about due for a new pair . smell be a problem , but it have be with all glove I have have . just get to rinse they out more often .
Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove ! I be on the my second pair -lrb- only because I have lose one glove -rrb- and they be simply perfect - strong , comfortable , close fitting , extremely durable and well make . five star .
Gloves	POS	4	my hand be usually large to XL but the large glove I order run a little bit big . otherwise great .
Gloves	POS	5	I be the Destroyer of Gloves . I buy a $ 50 pair of leather glove that I kill in 3 week , and dozen of $ 10 Sears glove that I kill in about a month , but these glove be amazing . true , they do roll a bit at the finger , and I wish they be more heat resistant , and I have to install my own ring so I could attach they to my tool belt , but the exo-guard -lrb- tm -rrb- flexible finger impact protection be Super = amazing ! I do lighting and a\/v , so I need a super-tough glove . I also hate spend money on fall-apart junk like those pricey s e t w e a r glove . these be heavy duty and hard to kill . now , if they only make they in black ...
Gloves	POS	4	these be really nice , sturdy glove that be very thick and make of real cowhide . I use they as part of a Dr. horrible costume , but I be sure they would be a worthy purchase for welder as well !
Gloves	POS	5	I have recently take up swimming again after some surgery . I swim length every day and want to increase my speed and at the same time , increase my strength . the resistance give by the use of the glove be gentle and it have increase my upper arm condition . it have also increase my speed by about 15 seconds on a length . a good , well make product and I highly recommend they to anyone
Gloves	POS	5	i receive the item within a few day , it be very fast . the quality be also amazing i be love it
Gloves	POS	5	the main point of my review will be my personal experience with this product . people get confuse with review because some reviwer tend to talk about they impression or other subjective aspect . to start , I need to say I use the manufacturer 's table to choose the right size . I measure my hand and the indicate size be the M. Important Advice - do not give up in the first week when I first try these glove on they be a little tight and still comfortable but as I get to the gym I feel that pinch between finger some people mention . I need to tell you , it really hurt but after a week of usage the pinch totally disappear . also , during the first week it expand a little bit -lrb- break-in time -rrb- . I have be use they for two month and they almost do not shrink after wash . now , the best thing about the glove be the protection . I must say I be a beginner but I have try 3 glove so far and this one really keep I without blister or callus . to sum up : I follow the manufacturer 's indication and the size be perfect for I . it hurt a little in the first week but it go away . it look good and protect you very well . it have also a very good value and look good .
Gloves	POS	4	thesis glove be simply wonderfull because they be durable , strong and ... washable . it be amazing but I do not feel they hot during these last sunny day , very comfortable . I wish they could be little bigger for a xxl size
Gloves	NEG	2	unfortunately I do not have many good thing to say about these glove . as far as comfort , flexibilty , and overall fit I would rate these glove a 5 . however , as far as be call package handler glove I think you should change the name of these . I be a true package handler for one of we major shipping company . these glove do not stand up to the box . within the first week I have no rubber grip leave on the palm and finger tip . within the first month I already have hole in a few of the fingertip . I have own these glove just over a month and they be no longer any use to I . end
Gloves	POS	5	I work in a warehouse lifting literally ton a day . operate machinery and drive a forklift . I have go through 3 pair of mechanix wear glove in less than a year . the stitch fall apart and you finger poke through the tip . when I destroy the last pair , I look online here for something better . these glove have hold up pretty well so far -lrb- be a month or two -rrb- and when put in the laundry look almost new . the padding be minimal but where you need it . the glove stretch where need and be firm where need . the stitching be high quality and the reinforce finger tip be nice . dexterity be a little lack , but I be able to text on my side keyboard phone , and I can even thread a industrial stitcher !
Gloves	POS	4	I have buy this product in the past , and have find these glove to be best weight lifting glove for the money . they hold up better than other glove that I have purchase . will buy again when these glove wear out sometime next year . I put the glove thru a lot , as I work out four or five day per week , and my typical session last for about 90 minute .
Gloves	NEG	2	I get these glove to use with the heavy bag . I be just hit for fitness . not serious boxing . at first these glove prove to be good . combine with hand wrap , my hand do not hurt after punch . now after about 2 month of use , once a week , I notice the right glove seam be come apart . they be come apart at the at the outside of the wrist . I be still use they though . I just wish they do not start to fall apart so soon .
Gloves	POS	5	I always wear glove for yard work , when shoveling , rake , etc. . prior pair of glove always have the same weak spot , the finger and thumb tip . they eventually end up with hole . at that point the glove be useless to I , although the rest of the glove be fine . my hope be that the kevlar in the ironclad glove will take care of that . if so , they will be great , and well worth have . the initial price of these glove be more than most work glove , but if they do not end up with hole in the finger tip they should last 2 , 3 , or more time longer than other glove . we 'll have to wait until I have wear they for several month before I 'll know . the glove fit well and have good stitching , etc. . and , the leather be not stiff . they be comfortable . they definitely run a big small , so if you think you be between size I would definitely get the bigger size . and , if you typically wear a medium I would get a large . I typically wear medium in other glove , but large in Ironclad fit I best .
