Domain	Label	Rating	Review
GPS	POS	5	I 'll cut to the chase -- you will not find a better hand-held gp for the price . I do considerable research prior to purchase . the 450 be the best for the money -- accurate , touch menu drive -lrb- more menu option than most will ever need -rrb- -- very user friendly , however , because of the numerous feature , I recommend spend a few hour with the unit early on , so you will get the benefit of all of the feature . do a google search to find website that provide downloadable map for free that be compatible with the Garmin and have topographical feature -lrb- another reason to buy the 450 rather than the 450t -rrb- . you 'll end up with better topographical map for less $ $ . I have purchase 3 other GPS unit in the last few year , include 2 Garmin nuvi . after the initial satellite search which take a minute or so , the succeed power-up lock-on to a full compliment of satellite in seconds -lrb- often , literally 2-3 seconds -rrb- . I have never experience such a `` instant ready '' with any other GPS unit . bottom line : as good as they get !
GPS	POS	4	I have purchase this gp because I do not want to have to use the one on my phone , plus I do not really trust the phone accuracy . the price be right too ! I love the simplicity of this unit , the accuracy of the map and arrival time , and of course the free lifetime update of map and traffic . the only problem I have have with the unit be that it do not find the detoured route when the on-ramp to the interstate I need to get on be close , but that be probably because I do not set the unit to detour . otherwise , this be a great purchase and I would highly recommend it to a friend .
GPS	NEG	1	the device be difficult to use for the average person and the manual do not give very good instruction . also , I have have random problem . after take a full charge , it shut down the next morning in the first 5 minute of my workout . then on my next workout , it show the time and distance , etc. . . during the workout , but fail to record any of it to history , so the datum could not be view later . I do not find the feature describe in the manual to be useful and try to just use the basic feature of record workout seem to be hit or miss base on random problem . in try to email customer support , I continually receive notice that the system be not work and to try back later . I guess I 'll try call for support . I would not recommend this device .
GPS	POS	5	I originally buy a 60c in 2004 , so the only thing hold I back from the 60csx be convince the financial director that a second unit be justified . the main change be the use of a removable sd card and better reception . better reception be fantastic . this be a general purpose GPS so it can be use on the road and on the trail . it hang on you side like a cellphone and be often mistaken for one . on the road I use a windsheild suction mount and a dual powercable\/serial connection . there be no voice prompt , however the beep notification and text and graphic be sufficient for I . some navigator may not like take they eye off the road to check the unit however if located properly this be not a issue . on the trail use with topo map be also very good . the unit be design around Geocaching and I have do this a couple of time and be easily able to find the cache . as far as `` City Navigator North America 2008 '' , the complete map set take about 1.7 gb of a 2 GB Micro sd card . 2gb be the maximum size that you can use . private datum can also be store on the sd card . pre `` City Navigator North America 2008 '' , Garmin allow two unit to register with each map purchase , however retriction impose by NAVTEQ have force Garmin to only allow one unit per licence . overall , a excellent product that cover a lot of application . Satellite aquisition be extremely fast and I be able to get coverage in my house . if you be go to only use the GPS in you car and be look for voice prompt and fancy feature , then you be probably better off with a NUVI , however if you want general gp in the car , on you plane , on the handlebars of you Motor Cycle or Bicycle or strap to you belt , then this be the unit . I love my 60c and 60csx .
GPS	POS	5	this mount seem to work fine with my 2005 Subaru Legacy with the 6 cd changer . there be a small amount of movement but not enough to notice . the clamp arm be not perfect for a ipod touch but still hold it secure enough . the ipod touch be thin and taper at the edge , most phone be thicker . this be the best solution to attach a mount to the dash I have find .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this product so that 4 computer could share one printer . Technically they can , you just have to logoff one computer before another can log on . something as simple as printing take 3 step . 1 -rrb- disconnect another connect computer . 2 -rrb- connect you computer . 3 -rrb- then print . this product be a waste of money .
GPS	POS	5	this navigation system work amazingly well . I use it to find my way from Maryland to Montreal . there be several different highway to navigate and Streetpilot be flawless in get I into the correct lane to make the change . drive around Montreal be much easier and I especially appreciate hear the correct pronunciation of the Streets in French . you will love the Streetpilot .
GPS	POS	4	I have be debate get this item for month . it be a great price for a great item . only small hiccup be when leave house it take I around block instead of straight through . but it recalculate very very quickly when I go off route . I love the fact that it have pous already available for you to search for and get direction too . the lighting and even mount be work great .
GPS	POS	5	I get the product very fast and it be what I order . I need this product for marine research in Mexico .
GPS	POS	5	I have have this gp for almost two year and use it every day . it work exactly as it be suppose to work . I use the weighted dash holder - not the windshield mount . I also add a sd card to backup my address , but I have never have to resort to this . it be very user friendly , and everyone in the family have no trouble use it . one time I have a problem get get reception . I contact tech support and quickly receive some advice that work right away . -lrb- it turn out that dust can collect in the antenna attachment - I be tell to just pull it off , blow on the connection , and replace it . Voila - satellite connection be restore ! -rrb- other than that , I have have no problem with my unit . the only two issue that would make this gp better would be to have it smaller and to have a internal battery . however , even with these drawback , it be a great gp , and my entire family have be very happy with it .
GPS	POS	5	I be go to make this review simple because you could write a short story to review this . pro : - Quality : excellent - screen clarity : excellent - ease of use : excellent - size : Excellent , Thin and perfect viewing size . - durability : excellent - feature : excellent - speed : Average , Loads Slow initially . - overall : have own 4 garmin , best version so Far for clarity and quality . -lrb- have not try the latest Model . -rrb- con : - Slow Updates , but expect with large map . - should include a neoprene case to protect the investment . - load slow initially . \*\* note \*\* always get the LMT version of any Garmin for hassle free map\/traffic update . - to GARMIN - should include a neoprene case to protect the investment . -lrb- charge $ 10 more and include it . -rrb- most will pay for the protection , and save the consumer the hassle of find one to fit . -lrb- show you care in about you customer investment in you product . -rrb-
GPS	NEG	2	I have every problem mention in the other review but I want to add that the Palm V seem too slow to handle this unit . it be particularly slow when zoom in and out of map . I have a dvd base nav system install in my car which I love so I may have too high standard for this handheld unit . I believe the problem be mostly software base however . basically , this product be not ready for prime time . btw today be Oct. 2002 . I try this system out in 2000 so I do not know if there have be any improvement
GPS	POS	5	this be my first GPS machine , and its work very effectively . it seem to be pick the most efficient rout 95 + % of the time . the text to voice feature that announce street name be extremely valuable at complex junction . I be so happy that I purchase another one as a gift for my brother .
GPS	POS	5	this be a great unit . I purchase the TomTom go 910 because it be preload with map of North America and Europe . I be in Europe more than the USA so I want a unit that could get I around all the european country seamlessly . many unit require that you switch european map between country , but not this unit . I can report that the unit work perfectly . I recently drive from Lyon , France to Torino , Italy and then to Cameri , Italy . the unit work fast to define the best route and get I to my destination without any error . in fact , in Torino I go to a friend 's apartment follow the direction exactly . when the unit say `` you arrive at you destination '' stop the car among large building downtown and phone my friend to see if he know where I be . he look out he apartment from the fifth floor and wave to I ! the unit place I directly in front of he apartment . and yes , it never lose signal even when on the narrow road bury between tall building . I also notice that in the small town of Cameri , Italy it know every small road in town . it be also interesting to note that the unit track you approximate location even when go thru tunnel -lrb- I have no signal but it apparently assume you be still go the same speed -rrb- . but after a few minute in the long tunnel it stop and wait for you exit and then refresh in about a minute . here be what I really like : \* it be very accurate and calculate route very quickly . if you make a wrong turn , it recalculate in second and get you back on the right track . \* Preloaded map of Europe , and they be accurate . \* alert you if the speed limit drop and you be go too fast . in fact , I be watch it change as I pass speed limit sign -lrb- in Europe -rrb- , and the go910 change within foot of pass the sign -lrb- how do they do that ? -rrb- . \* alert you to speed camera -lrb- in Europe -rrb- . \* have a remote control that be very handy . with the touch of a button , you can have it repeat its last instruction or tell you the next instruction . also can change volume and access all the other feature . \* signal strength be very good . I pick up nearly full signal when dock in my house , apartment -lrb- in Europe -rrb- or office . of course , I have great signal strength in the car , even though I have one of those GM car with the metallic coating in the windshield -lrb- my old Garmin GPS III unit would not work well thru the windshield -rrb- . \* Long battery life , more than six hour . \* Speaker and sound be very clear . \* when you plan you route , it provide a estimate of arrival time . I find on a six hour trip it be within three minute . here be what I do not like : \* the screen be hard to see in really bright sunlight and you be wear sunglass . lift off you glass help , but it be still tough to read . \* the windshield mount work fine , but the power connection from the mount to the unit be not work -lrb- the unit run out of battery after about six hour -rrb- . \* do not come with a carry case . sure it have a little case for the main unit , but if you drop it there will be little protection from a hard floor .
GPS	NEG	1	it do not work . I try several time , each time it keep say acquire satellite for about ten minute -lrb- I be outdoor -rrb- . give up . return it .
GPS	POS	5	I love this watch and do not now how I ever run without it . I have convince other fellow runner to buy it and they love it too . it be very accurate and push I to run harder and faster . my only complaint be the heart rate # be too small to be useful . I just wear my polar watch for that .
GPS	NEU	3	i love this telescope . you should know this thing be a monster when it come to weight . I do not have a designate place for it , so i have to move it in and out of the house , it can be a pain in the a \*\* . but the optics so far be amazing . light gathering power be amazing . it be pricey but if it keep perform the way it have , it be worth it . i take some photo of the moon and jupiter with it , i will post they . I be a amateur amateur photographer and stargazer , the photo be not as good as some take by some of the more seasoned folk . reason for 3 star ? well , star align be the reason why I choose this particular telescope , and it do not work . I have look up and read a lot about this problem , and unless you have a very big sky where the weak gp system can get signal through , you will not be able to star align . hill around you house , mountain near by or tall wall around the yard will hinder the star alignment , be aware ! otherwise , spend the green and enjoy : -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	it work wonderfully in place my garmin just could not get a signal even inside we garage that have no window . it be super fast too , about 3 second after its plug in it have a lock . the cord could be a little longer but that be just for my application . I drive a tow truck and this thing go to work about 60 hour a week . I have forget to put it in the truck a couple of time at the car wash and it do just fine with the soap and high pressure water . I have have to unplug it and plug it back in a couple of time but I be not sure if it be this device or window that be the problem so I wont fault the gizmo .
GPS	POS	5	we be very happy so far with this product especially b\/c of the life time map and traffic update ! do not underestimate the traffic update even for extra $ 20 b\/c it be very helpful as a good reminder of speed limit wherever you go !
GPS	POS	5	the nuvi350 be very impressive . I find it easy to use . come very handy . have great feature . the only concern be that it take up to 2-4 minute -lrb- at time -rrb- to acquire satellite signal upon startup .
GPS	POS	5	after a lot of research I settle on the c530 for the price . I be terrible with direction , and get lose a lot so this be begin to be a necessary purchase . this gp be great ! the screen be easy to see , and the auto-adjust mode be really helpful . this gp have a amazingly long battery life - mine have be go strong for over 5 hour . I have not try update the map , and since I buy a refurbish unit some map be outdate , but in general I have not have any trouble with it . I honestly can not say anything negative about the c530 . for what I pay I have be extremely pleased .
GPS	POS	4	head MOUNT COULD be stronger , BUT great VALUE for the money ... . I use for 2 trip already on MY 1100 SHADOW , and work great easy to see as U RIDE .
GPS	POS	5	I have a Nuvi 660 whose speaker fail and so I need a new GPS . after research on Amazon review , I decide that the 1450 be a good choice , and much cheaper than my prior model . I be delighted to find that I could copy my address book to the new device and so I do not lose\/have-to-reenter all of my address . I absolutely love the larger screen !! ... and the louder voice !!! I have not attempt to turn on the traffic info , as we travel be mostly interstate , and the review give poor rating to this aspect . I absolutely love the way it display numerous lane and tell I , visually , which lane to be in !! my son want a gp and I recommend this model to he and he , too , have be very happy with it .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this navigation system 3 month ago because I do not want to pay close to the same price to update my Garmin map , but I now realize that be a mistake . the Garmin I buy over two year ago still surpass the technology of the TomTom . the quality of the graphic on the TomTom be significantly inferior . TomTom -lrb- with up-to-date map -rrb- can not find neither of my parent ' house -lrb- grant , one live in a newly establish neighborhood but be still over a year old , while the other life in a older neighborhood and street -- over 10 year old -rrb- . additionally , when the address be consider `` valid '' , TomTom announce you have arrive once you be in the vacinity of you destination . at this point , you have to look around -lrb- either to the left or right because it do not indicate that either -rrb- for the exact location . another feature I like from my old Garmin be that it tell I which street -lrb- and direction -rrb- to turn on , so when you have street close together , you be sure to turn on the right one . with TomTom , I have often turn on the wrong street and one time , it even have I go through a parking lot to get to a main road . finally , once I reach either of my parent 's house , it would have be nice to add `` current location '' to my favorite , but that be not a option -lrb- at least that I find -rrb- . to end on a positive note , I do love the screen and the information it display -lrb- outside of the graphic -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	as a frequent traveller and someone interested in specific run goal , -lrb- as oppose to `` just go out for a jog '' -rrb- the Forerunner 305 have be extremely helpful . my wife originally get I the Forerunner 405 BUT it be too small for my wrist . -lrb- the 305 have a larger , alternate wrist strap -rrb- . my wife refer to the 305 as a `` laptop for the wrist '' but it be not heavy or cumbersome - the button be clearly marked and easy to use . the various training workout be helpful and easy to program -lrb- pace \/ distance \/ time \/ interval workout ... -rrb- . I have have no problem with the gp - just remember to turn the unit on when you be outside and ready to run -lrb- to ensure GPS reception -rrb- . aural alert be helpful and there be enough function to check out that can keep you occupy on long run . I have not explore all of the training or navigation function on the 305 but I would venture to say that there be more than the average runner would need to use .
GPS	NEG	1	I normally do not write review , but I have to this time to warn other from make the mistake I do ! when I first receive the 540tm I have a issue with the promotional code for the lifetime map feature . every time I enter it , I receive a error message say the code be already in use . after 6 email back and forth with customer support and send they copy of the promotional code and proof of purchase , they grant I lifetime map access to my account . I be then instruct to update the map on the unit , which cause the unit to reboot randomly while in use . then they have I format the unit and reinstall all the software again . this time the unit would not store the default setting because of a file access error and I have to create a rma with TomTom . I just receive a new 540tm back from they and the touch screen do not respond , which render it useless . I create another ticket with they , but have not hear back in over 24 hour . Hope this help those on the fence decide whether or not to purchase this gp . I will never purchase another TomTom product again !
GPS	NEG	2	I have have my 910 for just over two year . some time ago I notice the battery charge be not last as long as when it be new . Pretty soon it would not hold a charge at all and then would not even operate when plug into a power source . when I call the customer support , they seem to know immediately the battery be shoot . I will have to send it in for a repair . BTW , they will not ship to a apo address even though the unit be purchase from a apo address . I 'll look at Garmin for my next navigator .
GPS	POS	4	First GPS I have ever buy , but seem to work well most of the time . I really like be able to give it voice command via a microphone . it be a big safety plus . only thing that concern I be that sometimes it tell you to turn leave when it should say right and right when it should be leave . I find I have to double check its left verse right recommendation against the actual map which have yet to be wrong . Acquisition time and sensitivity have not be a problem for I . all of the road in my neighborhood be on the map although some be not where they should be -lrb- gp show you drive about 20 foot away -rrb- . the software be so feature rich that figure it out take a while . do not wait until you in a move vehicle to learn the software .
GPS	NEG	1	without turn by turn direction , this be far from useful . hold out for the price drop on the turn by turn gp system such as Magellan 750 .
GPS	POS	5	this be a great product . we buy it right before a vacation , and it come in mighty handy . it tell you the name of the street to turn on , rather than just `` turn right in 500 foot '' . occasionally on a busy expressway it may seem that you do not get enough warn where to turn , but , you just have to make sure you obey the 350 when it say `` stay leave '' or `` stay right '' , so you 'll be at the exit and be able to make the turn when it tell you to . we love it .
GPS	POS	5	I have a older model Garmin Nuvi , buy four year ago . instead of pay for a map update , I opt to purchase a newer model -- and I be so glad I do ! I check Consumer Reports , which rank this Nuvi 1350LMT as top in its class . and with good reason ! it have a bigger screen and more option than the original model -- include traffic alert , speak street name , lane assist , a alert when I be exceed the speed limit and many more ! I have always love the ease of use of the Garmin , and this be no exception . the touch screen be not quite as responsive as my original one . you have to press down a lot harder to type in state , street name , etc. . but it be otherwise easy to operate and I love the additional feature -- most important among they be the lifetime map and traffic update . give all the construction project in and around my area , I be sick of the old Garmin tell I I be drive through water or over vacant field . now , I 'll always stay on track . the only thing I would have like be a feature my neighbor 's GPS have -lrb- not sure which brand -rrb- which even tell you the name of body of water that you be drive past . but otherwise , this be a incredible value and incredibly useful tool for any motorist ! -lrb- I actually would have spend the extra $ 50 for the bluetooth version , but the Garmin website say it be not compatible with my iPhone . too bad ! -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I love this Garmin product ! I own several Garmin product , and I have never have any issue with they ! my wife and I be avid biker , and use this every time we ride or go run !
GPS	POS	4	fantastic unit for hunting , hike , Christmas tree search , etc. . we hike in the mountain and you can take waypoint as you hike then go to Google Earth and look up exactly where you be . Works the other way too . input you waypoint and then tell the unit to navigate to it . check the accuracy of you speedometer . fun to use geocach too . there be thing I do not like . it have the older chipset that lose signal easily . I have to put the unit on my dashboard because it lose signal in any seat of my car . I also wish it convert coordinate to decimal easily but it only use standard gp coordinate . I have to do a conversion each time from Google Earth 's coordinate . there be some roadmap but only major street in most city . do not use this for address navigation because the map be not very detail . wish it use a usb connection to a computer but it be use older serial port so many new laptop will not interface to it . also , you have to move around for compass to work .
GPS	POS	5	my wife buy I , in early July , 2011 , the 305 as a replacement \/ upgrade for my 205 , which I have since November 2008 . want the heart rate function SHORTLY after I get the 205 . now I have it . Works good , just like the 205 .
GPS	POS	4	so far the best one I have ever purchase . only a couple of thing that could be improve . . it take to long to get to the view map screen ... sometimes it take a couple of minute to search for satelite . . recommend and internal antenna that mount on the back ... once it get go it have the best map I could ever imagine . . I would never go on a trip and ask for direction anymore the Garmin just take I too where I want to go . . this be a great item I would highly recommend it to anyone that be want a great deal . . this would be the one . .
GPS	POS	5	for the price , outstanding . could have buy higher price model with more `` bell & Whistles '' but for the `` average Joe '' this be perfect . I love it be mobility -lrb- internal battery -rrb- .
GPS	POS	4	this my 2nd Garmin I have have . I like the feature that let you see ETA , mile remain , speed and elevation along with the map , all at the same time . also it it acquire the satellite signal quicker than my old Garmin 260 . dislike the time it take to update map. , about 1.5 hr .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this unit to use on we property and have be very pleased with its accuracy . I be able to get the Garmin Topo software and print out we trail and road for future use . great ease of use !!
GPS	POS	5	set it up for the 1st time be a pain because the instruction be vague . after three day of trial and error , finally get it to work the way I want it to . especially have a problem get it to show you walk speed in mph . only find that by accident . once it be up and run , be very impressed ! like it so much that I be buy one for my wife . especially like the Google map feature . at the start of the walk , it actually show the distance walk in foot until it switch to fraction of a mile . walk speed in mph be also extremely accurate . overall , the watch have far exceed my expectation ! : - -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	sturdy ! so glad I buy it . one side note , if you have a phone that charge on the left bottom side of you phone you will not be able to charge you phone in portrait mode . if you twist the mount around to landscape , you can put you phone top first in the bottom cradle make it to where you can charge you phone at the same time . this small issue be not a big deal , I still love this phone mount !!
GPS	POS	5	do not read this . Watch a video about how awesome this product be . you 'll learn too much about yourself with this watch . also . i feel this watch be better than the 400 series since it pick up gp signal so well -lrb- better than my gp navigator -rrb- . fun thing i have learn : I ski 43 mile in 4 hour of skiing . my heart rate peak about 10 minute into a run . my house be not that far from the garmin place .
GPS	POS	4	it take a long time to plan a geocach trip and look up possible cache . it be a great hobby and I often do that before I travel to a new place . but sometimes I be on the road without a plan and this unit be just the thing . I find it work best for cache along highway or road . there be lot of grab and go cache that be fun . one reviewer say he do not like the small cache . I feel the same , but I have come to appreciate they . sometimes they be very easy and then there be other that I have not find after several trip back to the area . yes , it do have limitation . and it be a little pricey consider the lack of map . once I be within a few foot it seem ; I be stop by a steep bank and the Interstate beyond . but when I turn it on and can locate treasure that be on my way , I be happy . and I bet it do not cost as much as that coat , or kitchen gadget , or knick knack you do not use any more . I have not use it with kid much , but it be a great introduction to geocach for my friend . usually I give they my `` real '' gpsr and use this to confirm we direction . lot of they now geocache with I . a little study will help you enjoy this great hobby . go to -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- the official site for hide and seek -rrb- , create a free account and browse around . learn the lingo , check out the map around you house . bet there be several cache to find . Geomate Jr will help .
GPS	NEG	1	I receive this device and update it be map and software right away . I have use my cell phone and a old Garmin GPS from work to home , both of they give I the shorstest and quickest route . I want to give Magellan a try . Magellan add a extra 6 mile -lrb- my regular trip be 31 mile -rrb- and a extra 15 minute of travel time . there be no traffic problem and the route be clear with no road construction . the route be a famous Chicago area highway and well established major road . at one point there be only one road that lead I to my destination and the device keep ask I to make a U turn !!!! this be a bad device with bad route . I wish I could return it for a refund . I be very disappointed .
GPS	NEG	1	we buy this 2 1\/2 year ago for $ 800 because it be on Oprah 's favorite thing think it would be a investment and a quality product and we would have it a long time . not even a year into own it a couple of the tong on the cradle get bent and we have to buy a replacement for $ 30 -lrb- since they have jack it up to $ 70 -rrb- because it would lose connection constantly . well , after a year it keep ask we to update the map and we live in SA and do not see a need since we be not travel outside of the city and we know it well so we do not . then it start stall , freezing and basically malfunction . we be tell to buy a map update by customer service for $ 99 and that would solve the problem . we buy the update and it seem to work after that . now since the cradle tong be incredibly delicate -lrb- and we be careful with it -rrb- another tong have bent one the new one . the update map signal come on a couple of week ago and what do you know-the gp be malfunction again . it seem like Magellan have find a way to make a lot of cash by sell a unreliable product . First you have to pay $ 99 a year to keep the map update or else it will malfuction and if you bend the tong on the cradle -lrb- and you will -rrb- you will have to sell out $ 70 for a new one . also , it take forever to find you and sometimes you will pass right by the road you be suppose to take while it be decide where you should go only to have to turn around a mile down the road . that have happen MANY time . I be extremely upset with Magellan since they do not offer to repair it-only map update and a trade in where I be sure they make money off you again since you already pay $ 800 for this one in the first place . and who be to say the second one they replace it with will be any better . save you money and do not get rip off by this scam they have go . it be a money pit and you be the loser .
GPS	POS	5	deliver in time . Works as advertise on amazon . I happy with they customer service support . they be very responsive . I like the build quality of this product . should withstand enough wind and rain for my next bike trip .
GPS	POS	5	I be very interested when I learn that there be product that allow the integration of a street map atla with a gp and laptop computer . sound like a excellent tool for travel . after explore a number of option on the web , it appear that the Delorme Earthmate with Street Atlas USA be the way to go , although I read as many bad review as good . the price be certainly reasonable and I decide , why not ? I must say that after two day of see what this thing can do , I be truly impressed . the Street Atlas be a breeze to set up and I love the feature that allow you to copy region to the hard drive , so this thing will run san CD . the include Earthmate GPS amaze I for its diminutive size and good construction , as I appreciate the inclusion of the rubber foot and rubber strip around the unit . within 5 minute the GPS have initialize and I become a green dot on the map show my neighborhood . I immediately jump into the car and wathch my progress on the screen as a friend drive I around town . the accuracy amaze I . then I get serious to see what this unit could do . if I have to make a negative comment , it would have to be the lack of instructional material . two -lrb- tiny -rrb- booklet come in the package that do little more than explain the setup . there be a tutorial build into the program , but it do not have the same functionality as a reference manual . however , if the lack of documentation be help to keep this package at this steal of a price , then I be all for it . after three-and-a-half hour of playing , I have a good handle on all of the feature of the software and be ready to plan my first trip . there be a great deal of information available on these map , include restaurant and lodging and service available off the various exit on the highway . you can enter the name of a restaurant , and Street Atlas will locate it for you on the map . you can then take the laptop\/gps combo in the car , and it will give you real time verbal instuction as you be drive . Pretty cool ! some of the `` point of interest '' be not in the right spot on the map , and some be long go , but I can not fault the software for not know that the pizza place at the shore go out of business six month ago . all in all , it be a package that appear to do what it be design to do . whether or not it be practical in the long run to have all this equipment run in the car -lrb- you can swap the laptop for a smaller device -rrb- have yet to be determine , but my first impression be actually beyond my expectation .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin 305 have be a excellent enhancement to my workout . I use it for run and biking and i can not wait to take it on my next ski trip this winter .
GPS	POS	5	this thing be great !! I have be use NeverLost -lrb- Magellan -rrb- in rental car for a few year and want my own . the Magellan have better selection for route , i.e. fastest , Shortest , most use of freeway , but the Nuvi be great . small , great battery life , good direction . I use it to find the Hess Collection Winery in Napa and trust I , that place be nowhere !! would have give up be it not for `` Jill '' tell we to keep on go . great device .
GPS	POS	5	great product , largest screen size for this type of navigation .
GPS	POS	5	as a native New Yorker , I have become a direction snob . I know my way around the subway system , as well as the highway and bi-way of the City . but then , I move to Atlanta , where there be over 100 street name peachtree-something . I carry road map in various place in my car . I purchase the Garmin nuvus 3790LMT GPS Navigator for its ability to navigate road and re-configure route on the fly . and while it be true that several top-of-the-line gp unit can do this , no other unit do the task as well , with as little heft , as do the 3790LMT . this unit be thin and lightweight - two stats that matter when the pull of gravity to a await floor can destroy heftier GPS unit . the feature-packed 3790lmt afford I a lifetime of traffic and map update , as well as Bluetooth connectivity . the unit pair flawlessly with my iPhone , and its voice command `` understand '' I better than my first wife . the setup be easy and intuitive . within minute I be ready to connect the 3790lmt to my MacBook pro and download the most up-to-date map of North America available . the 3790lmt work whatever mode of land transportation you prefer - automobile , bicycle or pedestrian . and it allow you to maximize fuel economy , and save you precious time as well . there be super expensive gp unit for the nerd-acious and for the gadget friendly who love the challenge of difficult programming . the Garmin nuvus 3790lmt be the GPS unit for the rest of we .
GPS	POS	4	the nuvus 350 gp navigator work great . the text to speech be a option that you want to have . I find it very helpful while drive the interstate around Milwaukee . road to the right , leave and straight . the voice prompt or touch the screen to repeat help to keep you eye on the traffic . upload the recent map online do take a lot of time even with a dsl connection . the initial startup do take several minute to acquire the satellite .
GPS	POS	5	I be not sell on the value of GPS , but since the price have come down , I decide to buy . what a great piece of technology . use it on a college search trip with my daughter last week . simply type in the name of the place you want to go -lrb- hotel , school , whatever -rrb- or a address , then press `` go '' and it take you there flawlessly . when you want food , simply press the food button and all the restaurant in the vicinity pop up . Select the one you want and it take you right there . it be definitely a time saver and eliminate stress . I pick this model because I want to have the voice tell I the name of the street to turn on , rather than simply say turn leave ahead . it make it more foolproof when you be by yourself so you do not have to look at the screen as much when you be drive . also , this be small enough to carry in you pocket when you be walk to navigate a city by foot . very happy with my purchase .
GPS	POS	4	I buy the watch primarily to help I maintain a pace while I train for a half marathon . the only function I really use on it be the time , distance and speed . I do wear the heart rate monitor but do not concern myself with it too much . anyway , I have validate the distance and believe it to be accurate . I trust that the time be accurate as well so it would stand to reason that the speed be , also . I download my datum to the pc and it be neat to look at , pretty cool to view it in google earth , especially my hike . I know there be a lot more functionality to the watch that I be not exploit but it be serve the purpose I buy it for . I 'll say the watch be a bit bulky but I do not notice it be heavy at all . I would recommend this watch .
GPS	POS	4	I recently purchase the Holux gr-213 gp mouse device for use with my mobile weather platform , and it work very well , with the notable exception of the installation . I run Windows Vista Home Premium x64 edition , and the installation only support 32-bit system . slightly disappointed , I need to run around the internet and install another serial driver to even interface with the device . I end up use the `` prolific usb-to-serial comm Port '' driver , and now the device work perfectly and be fairly precise . it be very compact , and have a long usb cable for placement wherever you need it , and , as advertise , be waterproof . it have a very good lockup time , range from a few seconds to around 10 seconds . it provide programmer with plenty of information , include you gp position , sattelite position , altitude , speed information , and much more . all in all , this be a very good device , and I do advise any consumer to purchase it .
GPS	NEG	2	I just return the second Garmin 1450lmt which arrive without any user 's manual . it do have a `` Quick Start Guide '' , but this be inadequate to explain the function of the unit . Amazon try for 15 minute to contact Garmin and then give up .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this model gp 305 because it claim to have better satellite range and reception , every run I use it on , I keep loose the satellite , the pace per mile would jump from 9-10 min . mile to 2-4 min . mile . it would give I the average pace per mile , but not the max pace per mile , this be a replacement for the gp 205 that I have , which never give I any trouble . I will probably go back to the 205 .
GPS	NEU	3	I do not purchase this item from Amazon as the Red version be not my first choice . my unit be purchase directly from TomTom . this be not my first TomTom PND . from my previous dealings with TomTom and TomTom Home I know that you need to create a new account for each TomTom device that you own . strange that the company design they product support expect that a customer will only ever buy one of they device . that be say , even a new account do not help with register and use the ease with the pc software . when I try to register my ease I receive a error message the say that there be a invalid version of the TomTom application on my device . the company website be no help . a call to they support line give the excuse that the ease be ` too new ' and that TomTom be work on fix the Home application to recognize this unrecognized device . this should have be do before the product release . the ease work well as a pnd out of the box and I like the attach folding suction cup mount . until the ease be support by the Home application and the customer support telephone menu it do not have anything else go for it .
GPS	POS	5	I replace a Magellan map 330 gp with this Garmin unit - what a difference . I look at the Magellan color gp and choose the Garmin because of the better display and the wealth of feature . even though I be familiar with the Magellan interface , the Garmin be a snap to get use to . the navigation feature be awesome and the configurability - to make it work the way you want it to - be amazingly flexible . the display be great at night and also very readable in vary light during the day as well . the automatic switching between a daytime style and nighttime style be very cool . pro : very colorful , brightly reflective and backlit display . the navigation feature set be great , I do not expect such feature in something less than the automotive navigation gp unit . have a external antenna connector greatly improve you mount option in a vehicle -lrb- and one person even mount a antenna inside a hat , so he can track well even while the GPS be on he belt ! -rrb- the rest of the pro be too numerous to list , check out the detail at Garmin 's web site . con : somewhat expensive and proprietary mapping software . the waypoint manager software and the topo package be in dire need of update . a 5-year old California freeway be not present - bad ! I do not have the street software yet , so I can not speak to its accuracy . put the unit in and out of a mount cradle with the power plug be problematic . my old Magellan just pop in and make contact in the cradle . the Garmin method have a plug that need to be deal with each time you take it out or put it in . it be a tight fit if you have to plug in the power first and then fit it to the mount . have say all that , though , the Garmin 60c be everything that be need for my upgrade from a monochrome display gp . if you need more mapping load -lrb- i.e. ; more memory -rrb- , you 'll need to go to the 76 family , but the cost be significantly more . I rarely change map , so I find the 56mb in the 60c to be just fine . so , sorry about that , Magellan . the Garmin be a better step up . Update : I have have a chance to use the compass where I need direction when stationary and it be another excellent use for this Garmin model . I be not sure whether I should get the CS model with the compass and barometer - and I be very glad I go for it . if you do have the need for the compass , it be worth the extra buck .
GPS	NEU	3	nice product . Guides you where you need to go without any issue . I have use this for a trip to San Diego from Bay area and do not find any issue . I have to return this back as I get a better deal on mio 310x during last thanks give . only thing I do not like about this product be , you can not update the map and have to live with what they give . but now , with gp rate hit amazingly low compare to a year back , I think its a good idea to go for one of those latest with more feature .
GPS	POS	4	price come down the day after I receive it . not sure how to return it as it have be a while since I get it . the product be good though .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this watch as a gift for my wife a couple of month ago , and she love it . I decide to go with the 205 instead of the 305 because it have all of the same function except for the heart rate monitor . the watch be a bit larger than most , so if you have smaller wrist you well have to get use to the size . the gp module locate the satellite farely quickly depend on you surroundings and be quick to give you you need information . so overall garmin make a good product and I would recommend it to anyone who love to run .
GPS	NEG	2	we purchase the Magellan RoadMate 6000T for a trip cross country . we arrive with only one misdirection , which Magellan quickly recalculate and send we in the right direction . we love this unit , but it will not backup we information . I try 3 different sd card and have Magellan customer Service walk I through the process several time . finally on the third call to customer support , while they put I on hold I research this problem on the internet and find it to be a common one . customer support could only advise I to send it back to be service ; they never admit this can be a issue . to make the call to customer service even more challenging , each time I call the person on the other end of the phone , have difficulty understand I , and I to , have difficulty understand they . we currently live in a very high traffic area , and never leave home without it , but we be plan to return it after we new Garmin arrive .
GPS	NEG	1	I have just purchase the new c330 StreetPilot through Amazon.com . every time I turn it on it give I message : `` can not unlock map -lrb- ok -rrb- '' . the map be not load I be get only basic map layout . I have reset the unit without result . Garmin technical support be unreachable by phone . I be tell it will take they 5 day to respond by Email . this be quite ridiculous situation . I own 3 other Garmin product and those be work fine .
GPS	POS	4	I love this product . it be very easy to use and you can see the route you be take -lrb- the big picture -rrb- ahead of time and choose to take a different one if you wish . other garmin I have use just send you off and you be not sure what the big picture look like which can be frustrating . the only thing I do not like be that you can not just view the map as you drive , you have to plug in a destination . also it do not allow you to plug in a address -lrb- eg . 20 Alpine Lane -rrb- unless it be program in . so if 500 alpine Lane be program in it can only take you there , so you have to figure it out on you own . but other than that it be really awesome .
GPS	POS	5	I upgrade to the Edge 305HR after own the 205 for about 5 month and after decide that I want heart rate information to accompany the wealth of information that be already be capture by the 205 . I have use the new Edge 305HR for about 60 mile of combined road and mountain biking . like the 205 it capture a wide range of information about you ride - distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc. . after follow the direction -lrb- which involve wet the sensor prior to put on the heart rate monitor -rrb- , I have find that the heart rate information be incredibly reliable . it be great to see , for example , that on a recent 32 mile ride in a hilly area of Northwest San Antonio that over a hour of the ride be at my target heart rate -lrb- 80 % of my maximum heart rate -rrb- . I upload my info from the Edge and take advantage of the free Motionbased.com account in order to chart my progress . I have experience ZERO problem with erratic heart rate reading , etc. that have be indicate in previous review of this unit . I would suggest owner of the 305HR that be have these problem should review the instruction carefully -lrb- make sure that the sensor be wet and the unit be snug on the body ... just below the breastbone -rrb- or contact Garmin to order a replacement . this unit be work exactly as advertised and will provide a great deal of quality information to help you achieve you training goal .
GPS	NEG	1	I find that my HP LaserJet 1012 printer be no longer support after upgrade to Windows 7 , and even though I find a workaround that allow my Windows 7 machine to use it , I could not share the printer on my home network with Windows xp client . so , I buy this unit to host my printer on the network . initially , upon setup , I be able to use it with all client . however , it have now be install for a few month and I have find that I often need to power cycle the unit and sometimes reboot the computer , too , in order to make it work . I be now outside of the return window , so that be $ 38 waste .
GPS	NEG	2	item come in look good . when I go to update the map and get it ready to use and I receive a error . no room on hard drive . I call TomTom and they be unable to correct the error . they say to send in my receipt and they would send I a new one , but when they receive my receipt they give I a web address to download new map . not what be promise . I send they a message and I be still wait on the response . not sure what they be go to do , but I may have to send back for a refund .
GPS	POS	4	after acquire the Garmin Nuvi 360 lmt ; I have a chance to put it to the test immediately . I travel to Florida , Massachussets , Rhode Island , Pennsylvania and Maryland . so i put it to the test . the accuracy seem to be pretty good , I be please with it , only two time in the extensive use do it dissapoint and it be just a little bit . on one occassion in Rhode Island , try to locate my hotel , it tell I to make a right turn away from the hotel , and I need to make a right on the street to drive towards the hotel . although since I be amongst building the accuracy could have fail some in position . once I turn around , it do guide I closer , although it could never point to the hotel . the second time it fail be in Pennsylvania , I be locate a business address , and the road split in a y , the GPS tell I the address be on the right split to the right , instead of the left split to the left . the other time it be very accurate , specifically tell I if the address would be to the right or left of the direction I be head , and it be spot on every time . set-up be easy , not very difficult with Garmin product , although it do take a little bit to find some of the feature that be not as obvious . but since it be touch navigation , be fairly easy to explore . it be easy to recall past history of loaction previously find , and it have a traffic avoidance feature that I have not test yet . the size of the screen be good , and the graphic be sharp . it be easy to see when mount on the windshield , and the voice instruction be helpful . it do not come with a wall charger out of the box , which be a bit dissapointing . it only have a car charger , and a usb charger , that do not have a wall piece like the i-phone do . overall be a excellent product that do what it say , it will get you to where you want to go , accurately and fast .
GPS	POS	4	overall this have nice feature and easy to use . have good battery life and the only thing I wish that be better be the map feature show you course . other wise I be very happy with my purchase
GPS	NEG	2	I buy this to track my calorie burn while do workout video . it do not do that , even though it have a heartrate monitor . it use the speed you travel to indirectly calculate you calorie burn , so if you be work out it can not figure out you calorie ! I do not see this list anywhere prior to purchase and now I have a overpriced watch that do I no good .
GPS	NEG	1	I be sure that this be a great product , but I never receive the shipment from Amazon . when I do not receive the USPS shipment , I call Amazon and they promise to send another Garmin . then , they inform I that the product be out of stock , so they would have to refund my money . I still do not have a Garmin , so I will be buy it elsewhere .
GPS	NEG	1	never pick up satellite signal to change from default Chicago location . too bad -- seem like good combination of feature and customizable tools\/preferences .
GPS	NEG	1	less than one year and the gp do not work at all ! . I have a gp 60 CSX that have be serve I for year . I buy this one expect the same reliability , plus the map capability . the unit have freeze for ever , it be not able to finish the load cycle and there be no way to solve it . since I live out the US get service be cumbersone and such a poor quality be not acceptable on equiptment so critical .
GPS	POS	4	be of a certain age and extremely technology impaired , I be very concern over my ability to learn how to use the Garmin 320 . much to my surprise , I be able to use it right out of the box . it be very intuitive . my only problem be when I just want to enter a city and state . I learn you have to input a street address first . so now I just enter the first address that appear and update it when I arrive near my destination . love it !
GPS	NEG	1	I have have this product for several month . it be very buggy and finally crash . the computer could not recognize it nor could I do a reset . I contact tech support and to simply summarize it , they be awful : unresponsive , uncaring , and do not offer any meaningful solution . the product deserve 3 star at most , but I downgrade it to one because of the tech support from Garmin
GPS	POS	4	I would have give it three star due to its mediocre usabilty , but the concept of this radio alone earn it the 4th star .  pro look really cool in dark green , people have ask I if its a satellite phone or military grade etc. . its a really great concept , and be the forerunner of next generation mobile phone location system . its a fun novelty to use , and the gp feature alone can be use in non-extreme adventure setting too - to track a run , bicycle or car trip in detail - time , average speed , top speed route , time stop etc. . . , and also have a feature call area calculater which you can use to measure size of land by walk around the land perimiter .  con  as you probably know , the coordinate send capability only work in the low power fr channel of the radio -lrb- due to FCC restriction -rrb- . I think maybe I could find some kind of hack to override this restriction on the radio , but no luck , still search . the way to make best use of the rino be to coordinate with other rino both one fr and one gmr frequency , and always scan between the two , just in case .  the unit will continue to send old , stale coordinate to the other unit if it have not get a new position fix to replace it . this be annoying because when you think you know where the other one be , so proud of you technology , you can be way way off , much to the humor of the person you show it off to .  you can not use this radio as a homing device - it can not be set to automatically send out datum at interval . -lrb- I think it would be against FCC rule for unattended broadcast , but it would be great - to attach to you child , pet , or girlfriend to make sure they stay out of trouble while at the park or beach . -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I love this Garmin . I have purchase a road gp a few year ago and hate it -lrb- also a Garmin -rrb- . they have come a long way since then . I highly recommend pay the little bit extra for lifetime map update -lrb- and traffic -rrb- because they really do run out of date quickly . even the current map be way out of date , but at least it be better . as far as the product itself be concern , it be great . I love this little thing ... it remove a little of the stress of go new place because you do not have to try to read Google map or something while you be go along .
GPS	POS	5	I be impressed by the accuracy and sensitivity of this equipment . I go for a jog with this recently when I just receive it . the distance tracking be great with very good accuracy . it can be configure to stop the timer once you stop or jog on the spot due to various reason like traffic light \/ road junction wait time . just this distance , pace , and timing feature of this watch be already worthwhile for any runner to invest in . in the past , I have always enjoy run on the trackmill machine in the gym just because its able to give I the distance that I have run . but now , you can do it outdoor and enjoy the scenery while monitor you distance , pace , calorie burn , etc. . great !
GPS	NEU	3	Amazon 's listing for the c330 say that `` every unit sell will come with the most recent map version '' . this statement be not true . I just get a brand new c330 , which be load with City Navigator North America `` v8 '' map -lrb- find by touch map , then Map Info -rrb- . today i visit the Garmin web site , go to the map update page , and enter my device 's serial number . the web site tell I that a update be available for my unit : `` Map Update 2008 City Navigator '' . somewhat perplexed , I call Garmin 's customer support line and receive the follow explanation from Peggy . the v8 map package be issue in June 2006 . a newer mapset , version 2008 , be issue in June 2007 . however , the size of the improve and more detailed database in version 2008 be larger than will fit in the memory of the c330 . therefore , when you install the update , you have to choose whether you want to load the database for United States , or the one for Canada . the canadian subset include all of Canada plus the border state -lrb- include Massachusetts , not strictly a border state , but useful for Canadians who visit New England -rrb- . if you purchase the 2008 Update , you can make the decision about which subset to load into the c330 repeatedly . so it can be update first with the v2008 map for the US , and then subsequently load with the v2008 map for a vacation trip to Canada . of course , if you be not live in a border state , you will not be able to use the canadianized c330 to navigate to Canada , but once you be there , you be all set . should you choose to install the US portion of the database , all of the old -lrb- v8 -rrb- canadian datum be delete . similarly , should you install the update canadian 2008 map , the v8 US information be wipe . in my view , this be a poor design decision . even though the c330 have a sd slot for expansion , it be not possible to load the US database from the 2008 update into the unit and put the canadian database into a sd chip -lrb- or vice versa -rrb- . the Map Update 2008 be $ 70us and be ship on a dvd . Whichever subset of the datum you choose , a pc or a Mac be require to load the 2008 update into a c330 . if you want you cake and eat it too , you have to buy the complete v2008 Mapsource City Navigator North America NT map product from Garmin -lrb- $ 140us list -rrb- . the entire north american database will fit on a sd card . Peggy be unwilling to provide I with a free update to the 2008 map , even though I just purchase a brand-new unit that be advertise as have `` the most recent map version '' . I have read elsewhere that some purchaser be able to obtain a update to 2008 map at no charge , but Peggy would not be sway . she explanation , which be carefully wordsmithe by Garmin 's marketing department , be that the v8 map be the ` latest that be ship from the factory ' with the c330 . thus , the unit that I purchase , in Garmin 's opinion , be the most recent version that be offer for sale . accord to Peggy , the same limitation in map storage and upgrade apply to the StreetPilot c530 version , a more modern unit that be recently discontinue by Garmin . I be now debate whether to keep the c330 or not . it be a nice product , and seem very easy to use . but I resent be sell a mapping device with map datum from 2006 , especially when it be explicitly advertise as have the most recent map datum `` through April 2007 '' . Garmin 's policy to then demand a additional $ 70 to upgrade strike I as design more to satisfy shareholder than customer .
GPS	POS	5	how can people slam the Legend when it can be pick up for less than $ more than the basic etrex ? I use the basic model for over a year , love it , then buy the Legend . I be delighted with all the extra option . the high re screen , much better than the original etrex . I love that I can upload my waypoint and track from my old e-trex and download back to the new one . the pan map be a nice addition as be the calculator and calender . I think some people want it to perform like a $ 1000 unit but only pay $ 150 - do not listen to they . my only complaint be that the click-stick be not on the right side .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin Forerunner 305 have be such a wonderful training tool . the display be easily change to show what you would like to have access to during a workout -lrb- i.e. Heart rate , distance , pace , elevation , etc -rrb- . this product give you so much information at you fingertip . not only be the watch incredible , but you can access more information depend on the computer program you use to download you workout to . I highly recommend this product to anybody who would like to have more information about they workout than they know what to do with .
GPS	POS	5	order this at the same time as order a Cobra XRS 9340 . I be very please with the design & function of this device . as i see it it be a must have since the original suction cup that come with most laser\/radar warner be crap .
GPS	POS	5	I be a person that will research online and at the store and this be the best gp I have see . I be about to order the Garmin c330 until I check it out at a local electronics store . the salesperson show I how simple it be to use and I pick it up quickly . when I tell he how cool this thing be and that my mind be make up on the c330 , he say `` wait , check this out '' and show I the c340 . this one actually speak the name of the street instead of left or right at the next corner . it may not seem like much , but the whole reason for buy a gp be to have you hand hold as you drive . since I do not intend to buy another , I spring for the extra $ 70 buck . this puppy be a pleasure to use . I be a field technician so this save I time and fuel when go from one place to another . its especially helpful when I be call to go someplace I have never be before and I do not need to ask direction or refer to Mapquest . I simply pull over from where ever I be , key in the address and I be off . once its save , I can always return to it . my wife have always tell I I get lose after pull out of we driveway , but never again . its size also make it convenient for when I be fly out of state and have to rent a car . you will not be disappoint .
GPS	POS	4	when I purchase the iway 500 I wrongly think that it be the same as the i-way 350 only with a larger screen and more feature because it be the more expensive item . the screen size be excellent and its overall performance be very good . however it be too heavy and inconvenient to hold and bring back and forth from car to car and home . the fact that it do not have a battery also be inconvenient . the screen be bright and clear on both model . the auditory turn by turn direction with adjustable volume be also very good . another excellent feature be the automatic recalculate of direction should you choose to vary from the initially calculate route . in other word it accurately keep up with you give new direction from you most current position .
GPS	POS	5	I love this gp . I drive 35 mile one way to work each day in heavy traffic . this gp have turn into a life saver for I . it take I a while to `` trust it '' when it route I a different way home but now I just do `` as I be tell '' and I save considerable time and stress . have gps - go anyware ! I 'll never be without one . btw - my daugher call I a `` technical wannabe '' who be helpless without she but I have this gp figure out in no time . it be that easy .
GPS	NEG	1	I receive the 3790T Garmin GPS for my birthday at the end of July . it be beautiful , thin and sleek . the feature that it tout be amazing . the picture clarity be impressive . we use the GPS for a trip to Canada and it perform well -lrb- minus a few exception of it alert we to traffic congestion , when there be none . -rrb- shortly after that it begin to have difficulty turn on . on a trip to a nearby city , I want to find alternate route to my destination , after it finally turn on , it would not recalculate the route in time for I to make the necessary directional change . the popup ad be terrible , I do not really care for $ 5.99 all you can eat Sushi . once those stupid ad pop up , they would not clear from the screen so I could continue navigate -lrb- the screen would freeze -rrb- . after that trip , when I return home I shut off the gp and it never turn on again . I try reset it , charge it etc. , it still would not turn on . what a disappointment . I have not even have the GPS for two week before it break . I too have issue with it get hot , but live someplace that we use the ac year round , so I would turn the ac unit on to the defrost mode and it would cool the GPS unit down . I be disappointed that my new GPS unit fail after only two week and I despise the stupid popup ad . I like the feature that this gp be suppose to offer , but I doubt I will go with another Garmin due to the poor quality .
GPS	NEG	1	540s WTE do not progress beyond the start-up screen . 3hr of troubleshooting and reformat fail to cure . hour hold on the telephone to Tomtom to get a rma number . three email series of qanda from Tomtom . lousy , lousy customer service . still stick with the unit . come ON Tomtom !
GPS	POS	4	I have use my TomTom a few time since purchase it , so not a lot of experience . it be most helpful on the road , but do have some street name and address that be in error . I have issue try to get the lifetime map code to activate - it take several try with error message to get it to take . the download of the new map be very slow , until I move to a faster wifi spot , and then when it do download and install it would not work - problem at TomTom 's end . I be wait for a good 1\/2 hour on the phone for support before be help . I have find that use online support be a much better way to get tech support and question answer . the reply I receive , and step that be detail in the email , be most helpful . for the price pay , I really like the unit ... especially the idea of Lifetime Maps . hopefully the unit will lead a long life , to take advantage of those update : -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this be a very durable mount and the bag be weighty . I would recommend for a flatter dash in car . the hold device be quiet strong and durable with a nice strong grip . ca not go wrong .
GPS	POS	5	recently I get a new car with a long dashboard , which make it impractical to keep use my SiriusXM Starmate 4 's suction cup windshield mount . I do not want to get a mount for the dashboard and damage it , and my vent be vertical , remove that option . originally I order this for my new phone , a Samsung Skyrocket , which be a big phone -lrb- think HTC EVO -rrb- . I quickly find that this mount not only work well for that -lrb- make it a life saver when I be use the GPS Navigation -rrb- but also for the Starmate 4 , which be bulky , not symmetrical , with 3 wire come out of the back of it . the mount fit securely in my unused CD Player slot , and the mount itself securely hold the radio itself . before this I have my radio near my gear shift , mean I have to look down to use the radio , thus make I a accident wait to happen . the only slight complaint I have be that the device itself do feel a little cheap , so I be a little worried about the long term durability of it . regardless I be not go to reduce my rating over conjecture that it may not last . overall I fully recommend this product . I already recommend it to my dad who be satellite radio can not be mount anymore .
GPS	POS	4	Works like a charm . traffic option be nice , help I choose my freeway on the way home daily and no subscription require . it be pricey compare to other , but be a big improvement from my 4 year old Magellan : smaller , have a battery , slightly larger screen , and clearer direction . I have not try blue-tooth , as my car have that build in . no regret .
GPS	POS	5	the unit install very easily . the 12v connector work very well and do not disconnect . both the gp unit and the pda be power from the 12v connection . the software load easily on the laptop and transfer to the ipaq with no problem . the map require a little forethought . however , loadie all of the state of Indiana still leave lot of room on a sd card for other thing . the system take about 90 seconds to acquire satellite and then route very well . have only use it for local route , but that be where I would need help most anyway . I already know how to use the interstate to get from one large metropolitan area to another -lrb- i.e. Chicago to Cleveland be relatively easy get on the interstate and stay on it -rrb- . sometimes it tell you about a exit just a little to close to the ramp . the voice prompt be very helpful .
GPS	POS	5	this product be a great product and reasonably price . overall experience with the Amazon and the Garmin be first rate .
GPS	POS	5	this well-priced unit be exactly right for the beginner geocacher . the ability to download detailed map -lrb- you have to buy the cd -rrb- make it even more usable in other context . it be small , light-weight , and , for the most part , easy to use for a product of this type . enter datum be a little cumbersome . my eight-year old son become proficient in the use of the Garmin eTrex Legend -lrb- without any prior gp experience -rrb- in less than twenty minute .
GPS	POS	4	recently purchase the TOm TOm with european map . it work well except for pronunciation of certain word that be not completely clear .
GPS	POS	5	this be one fun gp . this be my 3rd Garmin GPS , and I have use many other . except for the slightly larger size , it be significantly better in every way to the etrex series , which be still fine gp unit . the boot time be fast , and the aquisition time be fast . you can program just about every thing you could imagine on the GPSMAP 60c , yet in spite of the functionality , this be the easiest to use GPS Garmin have ever make . several thing that really make it easy to use be -lrb- a -rrb- simple , clear menu , -lrb- b -rrb- all button -lrb- except power -rrb- be on the front , and have large , clear , high-contrast text label -lrb- no tiny molded icon to squint at -rrb- . in map mode , the pan and zoom button be always available - you do not have to go into a pan mode , and map redraw be much faster than on the etrex series , which be nice . -lrb- c -rrb- display be big and clear - in the dark or in the sun , -lrb- d -rrb- very effective use of color in menu , map , and status screen . you can even select among different color screen . the quad helix antenna seem to work very well - at least as well as my old gps12 , and noticably better than my eTrex Vista , which have trouble in the tree . the usb interface make download map very fast , and 56mb hold more map than you 'll hike in a summer . if Garmin ever come out with higher-resolution map , the 56mb will be really nice .  I be able to figure everything out without the manual , but then read the manual cover-to-cover last night . it be well write , well organize , and have good illustration . the manual be just the right size - small enough to be friendly , but have all the detail you need to get the most out of the unit in easy-to-read font .  on the downside , I find the button always get accidently press when I have the unit in my daypack - I have not find a keyboard lock-out mode for when I be hike and want the unit on for tracking -lrb- cell phone and ham radio often have this lockout feature -rrb- . I do not use the belt clip , but the unit do not come with the little plug that go over the belt clip hole , yet the picture in the manual show one . I notice the demo unit at the local store also do not have this button .  the two biggest enhancement Garmin could make at this point be -lrb- a -rrb- higher resolution topo map for Mapsource , and -lrb- b -rrb- a way to have the Mapsource topo and road database in the unit at the same time .
GPS	POS	5	this be a great product . it be user friendly and great to handle . I just love it , it get I where I need to go .
GPS	POS	5	this thing work great . I be a military soldier and have to run . I have always struggle with my run time for physical fitness test . now I have a virtual partner that keep I on pace and help to inprove my time by keep track of my lap , mileage , and split . get this product . you will not be disappointed !
GPS	POS	5	my Garmin Nuvi ... be so groovy , my system be 99.8 % accurate all the time . I like its setup on the menu , and all the function it have to offer . definately a great buy !
GPS	POS	5	love this gadget , keep I motivate to maintain pace when I start to get tired . I be a novice runner and only use the basics . there be many feature that would be great for the fitness fanatic .
GPS	NEU	3	I would have give it 3.5 star but it be not a option . I only give it 3.5 star because of the poor software and useless base map . the unit itself be a nice unit . I have have the 60csx for about a few week now . there be a learning curve at first but now I have it setup to my preference it be a pretty nice unit . it take a week to get use to how the unit function . after that it be pretty simple to use and navigate through the gp function . I be look for a unit that have mobile capability like my eTrex Legend and yet want something that have the detail map and navigational capability like my Garmin 2720 . I purchase the 60csx as a well rounded solution for my need . so , far it fit perfectly with some additional cost of course . pro : handy unit , it can be remove from the car and carry unlike the 2720 . screen be large enough to read . well lay out button . rugged . good screen resolution . con : Software that come with the 60csx be pretty much useless . need to buy the extra memory card and additional software for better map , I purchase and extra 1gb memory chip -lrb- $ $ $ $ -rrb- . the 1gb chip be a over kill but I like the flexibility . without the extra item the 60csx be no better than a eTrex Legend . fortunately , I also have a Garmin 2720 with the North America NT v7 software w \/ full unlock code . if you register on-line with Garmin you can reuse the code to unlock another GPS unit -lrb- 2 unit max -rrb- - you need this to download sectional map to the 60csx . if I do not have the other unit unlock code and software I would have spend another ~ $ 150 for additional software . to figure out how to get the unlock code to work and download better map to the on the 60CSX take another 1.5 week . not a intuitive process . email tech support several time , it be much faster than call they and wait on the phone . email response be less than 2 day . Update : the 60csx work with the Garmin 2720 external antenna . sat lock on much faster ... even thou the 60csx do lock on pretty quick already . order the window suction mount , wait for it now .
GPS	POS	4	the gp work well , except that there be no instruction give on how to mount the gp on the dashboard , as California law disallow gp on windscreen . we have to figure it out ourselves , after a long time , and also end up break part of the bracket .
GPS	NEU	3	the Garmen 350 download do not work properly on the first try . there be no way to get a second try . no tech support on the weekend . do not give street name for county road . -lrb- County road not often marked -rrb- . Voice difficult to understand . direction regard map loading do not exist or be hard to find . have say all that , it be useful and kind of fun . and a decent price on Amazon .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy a garmin gp 60csx for several hundred dollar for use in all situation , trail , water , road , and pay $ 100 in US road map softward so I could also use it in my car to find address . the software be very user-unfriendly . I do a search for a address in Florida and it can not find a street that be be there for 30 year . it do not even have Miami on its list of city . I be sure there be a way to figure it all out if I spend hour study it , but its Garmins non-user friendly system and you should not have to do that . it be crap . you would be better off buy cheap $ 100 car gp with free road map . but do not buy Garmin , they do not know what user friendly be . and get hold of tech support to help . you can , but the wait will be long , if not impossible
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this unit a few day ago and so far I be really impressed with it . it do everything that it say it would do and do it in a way that a non-tech person like I can understand . I do some test run and I do not get a wrong turn once . even when I deliberately go off course it redirect I within a second or two to get I back on track . it truly be a plug and use item with very little setup or reading of instruction to do .
GPS	POS	4	make I a much more relax driver especially when I see it could adjust for change in route . the only perplexing part be that it seem to get confuse in some part of Manhattan - I know how to get where I want to but it do not on several occasion .
GPS	POS	4	just buy the Garmin c320 . I love the product but here be a few suggest improvement . 1 -rrb- I be a Realtor so most of the address I be look up be in the same city . it would be nice if there be a default feature so I do not have to type in Texas , then the city name everytime . 2 -rrb- when enter address , the screen should give the option of a qwerty keyboard since most of we be more familiar with that . 3 -rrb- it would be really cool if we could download we contact from outlook into the gp under my address . if would be useful to have the info handy and just touch the address for direction . 4 -rrb- Wish the voice be not so robotic . she say the same thing . no reason she could not say it in a natural sound voice . I change my setting to the british accent call she MoneyPenny . other than that , this be a great product for a great price . Easy set up and use , great screen , good direction , nice mount , touch screen work perfectly , like the sd card , the restaurant , gas station be very useful , good clarity etc. . almost perfect .
GPS	POS	4	First of all , I do like this tablet . it be not a flawless , polished piece of technology , but it be pretty good for the money . if you want a flawless tablet experience , spend $ 700 on the iPad . I love that this have usb port and two sd card slot . the ethernet be also nice since large download , like gp offline map , can take a long time over the wireless . I use this to check my email and surf the internet when I be sit in bed or out and about . its much lighter than any netbook which would have be my other choice . some note on my experience so far . the con : - get a screen protector , the plastic scratch easily . I find some that be make for it on ebay , search for `` superpad '' -lrb- it be the same thing -rrb- - sluggish interface response , you can find some youtube video float around , that be not the video be choppy it be the interface , use you finger nail or built-in stylus for best touch result - `` cheap '' feel , plastic can be bent out of shape , etc. . - visible screen flicker when hold in vertical position - speaker be not very good at all , any kind of noise in the room make they basically in-audible - display be not visible at all in sunlight , even on brightest setting . - gp require external antenna , some have complain about gp lock on time , I live in the northeast and it do it by the time I can exit the gp setting and get the GPS test program running . - shipping do take awhile , but be well package and ship right away , its just come from China . - I have lock this up once or twice , but its hard to say if it be a android app , or the OS it be self . the pro : - cheap ! - 2 sd card slot that support 32 gb - 2 usb port , the case I find on ebay have a small usb keyboard build in which be awesome when typing a email on the road - ethernet port for when there be no wifus - lot of app in android market place . - some folk have be successful flash this with Ubuntu Linux which I would love to do , but if you mess it up you have a odd shaped paper weight .
GPS	POS	4	great watch . im use the watch to track pace per mile , current pace , distance and time mostly . i havent use the any of the other feature . i love the fact that you can have three screen display 4 different stats per screen up to 12 total . i do have two bad thing to say about the watch . first , it take too long for the watch to connect to a satelite -lrb- usually 3-5 min -rrb- and when i wear multiple layer the watch 's band then to come loose and hang . this problem doesnt occur when i have a single layer of clothes or a shot sleeve on . the watch be definitely not heavy , but a little bulky . not a big deal and something you get use to . all in all , a great watch for the price i pay -lrb- 130 -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	yes it be big and ugly but it be comfortable , lightweight , and the large display make it easy to read . at a glance I have distance , timer , pace , and heart rate . the gp appear to be very accurate because I have compare it to other source and it be the same . I be not very tech savvy but find the control easy to use . the software that be include be easy to use too . you can download you information into a log and get a nice display and summary of all you information . for all that it be include the price be quite low and it be definitely make my run more enjoyable and informative . I highly recommend it .
GPS	POS	5	I check all the review on as many site as I could find and all of they recommend this gp . I would not use the compass so I do not buy the 60cxs unit and this one come with a compass but you have to be move to make it work . it arrive when they say it would and Amazon have the lowest price . if you add the mapping software , it give you direction the same as a car unit but do not talk to you . I would highly recommend this unit to anyone who into geocashing , biking , walk or any similar activity .
GPS	NEG	1	I have this xxl 540 tm and it work for a total of 10 minute when I actually use it in my truck . I call customer service and the assistant ask I if the unit be charge ?? I explain it be plugged-in for almost 8 hour before I actually use it for a road trip . the green power light on the bottom of the unit be on , but the unit will not power on . customer Service tell I to hold the power button for 1-2 minute for a ` soft-reset ' ... we be now at 12 hour plug directly to my cpu , and still nothing . so much for TomTom ...
GPS	POS	4	I think it be great and it be all that it be advertise . I have take it geocach 3 time and find every one . I now sometimes wish I have get the Vista , but for $ x less this be a great little unit . you do need to buy a compass to go with it .
GPS	POS	5	I have have this since it come out about 2 year ago . have this little thing take the guesswork out of figure how far you have go . the free motionbased service include with this be also a very nice way to keep track of you training . Garmin be constantly release software and firmware update for this device . the biggest improvement I have see be with the GPS aquisition when you first turn it on . it pick they up very quickly and it rarely lose a signal , even when under a heavy tree canopy .
GPS	POS	4	this be a good product . very reliable and show real time datum every second . the gp however get a bit in a difficulty if you make a unscheduled stop in you travel .
GPS	POS	4	for the money this case be very satisfactory . the garmin 1490 fit perfectly and there be room for the computer to garmin cable in the front pouch . note that there be not room to store the 12v to garmin power supply cable . all and all to protect you Garmin from scratch and mild shock this case work perfectly .
GPS	POS	5	the tom tom xxl 550tm be the best gp i have own . I like the custom voice and icon for you vehicle . the price can not be beat for a 5 inch lifetime traffic and map for only 119.00 . what be you wait for , buy one now you will not be disappoint .
GPS	POS	5	confortable and easy to use . quick satelite connection . look big but be very light wheight and its size help datum visualization . buy yours !!!
GPS	NEU	3	I own a Garmin Quest , which I dearly love , but the screen be too tiny for my eye , the map capacity be limit , and it do not speak street name . the 1350t be easy to use , the screen be easy to read and address input be great . it be fast to boot and accurate . I install update map and software in a breeze . but there be several thing to be desire . first , the traffic . it be not the unit 's fault if the information be not accurate , but it try to completely re-route a 300 mile trip because it show a severe delay 100 mile down the road . re-routing by take a earlier exit and go a few mile before re-enter the freeway would be so much simpler . the traffic info have be accurate just once in the last month . I think I would have be happier skip the feature and just get a 1350 . second , the owner 's manual be totally inadequate . thank goodness for the faq on the garmin site . the Quest have a totally complete owner 's manual . it be a bad area to cut corner . Third , the recalculation in city traffic if you miss a turn be very slow . you usually be past the recommend turn by the time the new direction come -lrb- at least that be true in Atlanta -rrb- . in summary the basic feature be quite good . but the traffic shortcoming and the slow route recalculation in city traffic keep I from give it more than three star .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this gp for we trip to south and the experience be wonderful . ease of enter address , select we favorite place , real time map and voice prompt help a lot ! we never get lose . Wish total trip summary be display before start of drive . a solar charger will also be a great help when wire charger get lose !
GPS	POS	5	this be a excellent gp for bike . Miguel Dau Rio de Janeiro - rj Brazil
GPS	POS	5	I have be run for a few year and I be currently train for my third marathon . I have spend thousand of dollar on shoe , sock , supplement , shorts , rub , headphone , etc etc etc. . this be by far the very best return on investment I have get . it be simple to use , if you can use a smart phone you can figure out most of the feature without read the manual . I think base on the review it be the best combination of feature , display , quality and price available and I be right . this really be a excellent product and I can not wait to use it over and over .
GPS	POS	4	this unit be a great handheld gp . very rugged . the best feature be the software 's ability to interface with google earth on the computer , and the optional bird eye satellite imaging you can download to the GPS unit -lrb- available from garmin for about 30 buck -rrb- a year . the removable micro sd card allow you to setup and store different map and waypoint for different area on different card . look forward to try out the geocach feature this weekend ! I give it a 4 star review because the product description provide by the Amazon and Garmin website to make a informed decision on which GPS unit would suit my need be mislead . the unit come equip with `` build in base map '' that do not show one road or geographical datum within 10 mile of my home . no information on the base map except freeway and highway . do not include any surface street in my area , so buyer beware . the way i choose to get accurate road and trail information be by purchase the garmin topo map for a additional fee . this map include surface street and some trail information . it do include dirt road . these map only cover certain geographical area , like southern , north eastern and western state . the map be very detailed , include information on my local off road vehicle area . you may have to purchase more than one map set depend on where you be plan to go . the memory card that come with the unit -lrb- 1 gig -rrb- will not hold all the map datum from the topo map I purchase , you either must select smaller area where you will be travel and download to the gp or purchase a larger datum card . I would purchase this unit again !
GPS	POS	5	it be very to set up the graghic on the garmin 350 be wonderful when we have a question about the garmin and we contact amazon they be very quick to help and very polite , there be really no problem with product it be with the operator .
GPS	POS	5	the roocase be a easy fit for my Garmin Nuvi 1450 , and provide the protection I need for gp storage without be bulky . construction be great , with smooth stitch and a quality feel to the operation of the zipper . not sure what I will use the front pocket for , but it be nice to have and add some flair to the design .
GPS	NEG	1	the suction cup to stick it to the window do not work well . the thing keep fall down while drive . the unit be way too big . the GPS itself be 4 inch and then the unit itself be about a inch and a half additional . I end up just cut my lose and throw this piece away .
GPS	POS	5	I be a fan of the Hertz Magellan Neverlost system , but the bi-modal review of the Magellan Systems give the impression that there be prodcution quality issue . next , I be go to go for the Garmin 2720 . it can be fit with dead reckoning , but need wiring to the car . review make I realize , my main reason for buy a gp be not to use on my car , but on business trip and hence rental car . so portability be key , and the Nuvi have the best form factor . to lug a 2720 -lrb- with laptop , file etc -rrb- on business trip would make thing just the bit more heavy . in addition to the good point give by other reviewer , I must say the mount be excellent . it stick well and because the Nuvi be so light , the mount do not have a lot to do to stick there . also , the cigarette lighter power can cleverly be plug straight into the mount and not the unit . to mount the Nuvi , you have only to flip the antenna up -lrb- activate the gp -rrb- and clip it on . it power up straight away . then , when you get out , all you have to do , be press a small clasp release on the mount and out pop the Nuvi . it even switch itself off after 30 seconds . you can also put the Nuvi in `` search mode '' . while drive on the free way look for food or lodging , you only have to press `` where to '' and then press say `` lodging '' . the Nuvi give you a list of hotel , motel , hostel near you . it also provide distance and arrow show whether they be ahead or behind you current position . the list update itself every few minute as you move along . see something you like ? just press it and the `` go '' button and Nuvi take you there . it be a life saver when we be travel long distance late at night and need somewhere convenient to stay . finally , this be one gadget that my wife love . when on holiday , she invariably end up the navigator . its stressful for she and thing get heat up when I make a wrong turn require difficult new instruction on what to do . Nuvi have change all that . she just sleep through , as the Nuvi announce its `` recalculate '' the route . but indeed , you don `` t get a map which you can load on you pc , there be apparently no way to plan\/alter route on the Nuvi prior to make a trip or to keep a record of you trip . Garmin have be excellent in address user feedback , so I be hopeful . BTW , I do not use the other function such as mp3\/calculator and would prefer the functionality on the GPS be improve rather than these function . but that be just I since I still use a pda .
GPS	NEG	1	I be about 3 hour into this thing and still no fix , I hope it would be plug and play ... ...
GPS	NEG	2	I order this to take on vacation and receive it about a week before leave . it take 2 hour to download map through a dsl connection . there be nothing in the book about how to receive the traffic information . only after call do I find out that it be receive through the car adapter . it do not work . i email Tomtom and get a nonsense reply about ongoing issue that pertain to the live traffic edition . I call and get someone helpful who explain that many of the traffic receiver do not work . I be tell to mail the receiver back and they would replace it . i explain that I be go on vacation in 2 day . they say they would fedex a new adapter , but I be ready to leave and do not receive it . very disappoint . direction be good though .
GPS	POS	5	just like the review claim , this be waterproof and the quality be pretty good . I like that you can change the angle to cut out the glare and it have a hole for a charge cord which be located in the bottom so moisture do not sneak in . long motorcycle trip be much better with gp , really enjoy this little thing .
GPS	POS	4	there be many thing I like about this unit -- it be very light and compact , and I find it easy to use . I find the base map surprisingly detailed -lrb- for my area -rrb- , and upload the detailed map from MapSend fill in all the tiny road . now the downer : - mapsend need some lovin ' . I can not just pick the ... baud rate I want ; it must `` discover '' it . interestingly , certain mismatch between what it be try and what the 330 be expect make MapSend crash . just let I pick a number , ... - mapsend do not try anything past 19,200 bp . the thing -lrb- supposedly -rrb- work at 115,200 . - still wait for street map of Europe . - it will not plot a -lrb- street -rrb- course for you . not a big deal for I , but if you primary usage be in a car in place you do not know , you 'll probably want one that draw the `` right turn here '' arrow and talk to you , etc. . . since I use it on the water and for hike the 330 's behavior be just fine -lrb- it can draw a straight line from you present position to any desire locale -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	wonderful , take it all over northern California include the bay area and mountain east , it even take we on forest road and never get lose during the two week in unfamiliar area . my mother be absolutely amaze and think someone live somewhere program each trip .
GPS	POS	4	I have use this gp a number of time to keep record of route i have take and also help guide I when out in the mountain . and I rather like this gp it be the first one i have ever own and use , and within no time I figure out how to use most of the stuff on it . now for starter the battery life on it be pretty good and I like how you can set it to the type of battery and adjust the set to really max out the battery life . I have it run for a good 13 hour strait well I be out hike and I maybe check it every 5 minute to check for where I be and when be the next turn or area , and when I get back I check the status for the battery not a single drop on the life bar , which mean this can run for a few day without much worry on when the battery will die . but take note when store it because for some reason I end up with 2 dead lithium battery after about 2 day of it be turn off and store , this could have be cause by no sit signal thus it go into search mode similar to when cell phone have no signal and this can drain the battery pretty quickly which might also apply the same to this gp , or because when I put it away I may have put it against something which turn it back on or I may have accidentally hit the power button . anyways when you store it my advice be to take out the battery just in case . now the GPS 's ability to refresh the map as you move be good when move as well as it be ability to accurately give you you location . the manual be not much help , when it come to understand how to operate the GPS , instead go online and look for instructional video or document like I do for thing like how to use the track related feature . the GPS weigh very little when load with lithium battery which I recommend be use if weight matter also because they be slightly better when deal with cold temperature . the screen be also very easy to see clearly in the number of vary light level and even when light be reflect off the screen . now for the thing that really be the problem with this gp and all nearly every other on out there , from what I could learn , be the map you can buy they be extremely expensive and be just rip off it seem of map that be publicly available and\/or be sell in paper form for like a dollar . now if the map be just like 20-30 dollar a set no complaint because they be extremely useful and for I need because of the topo and road information . but over 100 dollar they cost and they only cover about 2-3 set state so you can not have have this and that state but instead this area of the US or that area and just hope the place you travel to be cover in one go . so if you can somehow get the map for free do not turn the offer down .
GPS	POS	5	bought year ago and until recently steal , have no problem whatsoever . a little slow on the start up , but no problem find address and reroute be fast
GPS	NEG	1	we be so happy when we buy we first GPS unit 8 month ago . but we experience with TomTom GO510 have be a frustrating one . the unit require frequent reset , sometimes right in the middle of unfamiliar place . if we ever forget to bring a pin , we have to resort to the good old map to get we out of the jam . to TomTom 's credit , it do replace promptly we dead unit after initial 2 month of use . but the unit consistently fail to find we California home , even after a most recent map update . grant , the housing development be only about 2 year old . but , we have report its coordinate to TomTom right after we receive the unit . it be even more ridiculous when the unit report error during a recent route computation from New Jersey to the JFK Airport . TomTom 510 be not worth the price .
GPS	POS	4	it calculate quickly . it have clear screen . the only problem be not reliable at big city -lrb- like chicago -rrb- . some poi do not exist .
GPS	NEG	2	I buy this for my boyfriend and it work okay for nearly 2 year . by that time , the unit do not hold a charge at all so it have to be continuously plug in or you would have to plug it in and restart it . also , the map get very out of date and it would have be expensive to upgrade they - I think it would be better to get a new gp , but my bf keep use it until its last die breath , which be rather painful since it seem like every time he take it on a trip with he , when he bring it back the touch screen would not work any more . this make it completely unusable , but then after a while it would decide to start work again . the calibration also get off all the time , so we would start a trip and try to punch in the information and even the security code would be near impossible to type in so it would take forever to unlock it , recalibrate and then finally put in the destination . there be no way either of we would buy a gp again without it have the lifetime map feature , but because of all the problem I be not too sure about buy anything that be a Garmin . right now he be use he iPhone to get drive direction when necessary , which come with it be own unique problem and restriction , and sometimes just he brain which be probably the best if you be at all familiar with the area you be drive but also come with it be own unique problem -lrb- haha -rrb- but definitely search for a stand-alone gp unit that will be better than this be .
GPS	NEU	3	just get my Edge 800 a couple of week ago , and until now I be pretty satisfied , all though there be some small annoying thing and that be why I only rate it 3 star , but that might not influence you product . 1 . I have have 3 freeze so far and that be a little to much within the short time I have have it , so I have have to reboot it . 2 . the mount be not fit for my MTB , it simply do not work well with the handlebar and not at all on the stem , so if you have a short stem , be prepare , it might not mount at all . 3 . you might need to turn up for the background light to see you datum while biking . about the mount , I do have a Edge 705 the mount for that fitted fine for my mtb with short stem , so I figure this one would as well . I ask Garmin about it and the only answer they could come up with be : `` you may be able to purchase larger band for the mount '' ... Dah , what do that help , well I figure that be a typical Garmin answer , so what I do be to cut some rubber from a use inner tube tie it with a ziplock and put the Edge 800 mount on top of that ... so now I can use it , but be not proud of my setup : - -rrb- come down to the digital part , it be great , just notice that the screen be not at all crystal clear and sharp , but it be work ok , the touchscreen be easy to use and do work with biking glove . the setup possibility be great , you can tune it almost 100 % into the computer and info you want in front of you , and that be some great feature . I use it for interval , and set that up be a little time consuming , but the workout you have when you be do be perfect and 100 % yours , the little `` info '' beep be not loud enough , so I overhear it and mess up my interval , but I guess I need to make more attention , the Edge 705 be way louder . I 'll post a image of my homemade mtb mount .
GPS	POS	5	we order this model instead of update and older one because we want the lane assist feature , it really pay off when we go to Florida in September .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase the 350 nuvus after much research , include reading review . I just take a 2400 mile trip across the US , include Yellowstone and other site out west . the nuvus be only inaccurate a couple of time and that be when I take what appear to be newly open road . it be definitely useful , but you also need to pay attention to the road sign . I especially love that nuvus give warning about upcome turn and advance warning when you need to be in the right or left lane before a turn . we have start use the nuvus for geocach and it have be right on ! it be also useful when arrive to a destination early -- I be able to look up hotel further down the road and make a new reservation ! what a timesaver . I will not travel without it again !
GPS	NEG	1	so without any notice ... or any additional information on the product until we go to unlock the new 2008 map . previous year you could unlock the map for 2 device -lrb- we have a pair of gpsmap 60cs unit -rrb- . as of 2008 , apparently you can only use the map unlock code with a single unit and must purchase a second unlock code for you second device . the Garmin website be a mess and any additional information about unlock code be miss from they website . some of they own link end in broken link that turn up no information . when I buy these unit , they be pretty much the only game in town as far as a good screen and a portable unit . now there be a ton of other option . if you be look to buy a new unit ... I would look elsewhere . Garmin be downright hostile to the enduser . maybe all of the gp company be ... but I intend on find out now and will not buy anything else from Garmin again . there have be complaint by other for year about how hard and complex the unlock code process be ... I agree . I have be able to get through it once a year . insult to injury , now it be go to cost I even more -lrb- on top of the mental anguish -rrb- if I want to use this update on both of my Garmin GPS 's . Buyer beware .
GPS	POS	4	I get this unit in December . previously have a older Magellan unit , but there be a lot of new road in this area and pay $ 79 just for map be not happen . be initially please with it although there be occasional route wonkiness on a trip from nc to NY around the holiday . one aspect that I be not as enthused with though be that it seem to take painfully long to boot up . with the older unit if you start the car right when you hop in by the time you get you seatbelt on it would be ready to roll . with this one I find myself get impatient if I need to enter a address before actually start to drive . the big problem however be that about two week ago , the sound start get intermittent . sometimes push on the case around the power button will get it go again , but this be not acceptable in a two month old unit . I will be contact Garmin and if they make thing right , bump my rating up a star . Update : Got in contact with Garmin . they suggest update the firmware to fix the sound issue . I be dubious but do it anyway and it seem to work . that be about four week ago and no problem since .
GPS	POS	5	this product be amazing ! it be so easy to use and so useful especially when run long distance and you do not know how far you have be . I would recommend this product to anyone !
GPS	POS	4	pro : this have be a great device ! I have use it every week for a little over 2 year . this device be a great training tool . it be very convenient to head out for a run -lrb- work with a bike also -rrb- and have instant feed back on current heart rate , average heart rate , pace -lrb- cadence on a bike if you have the adapter -rrb- , average pace -lrb- cadence -rrb- , distance and time . I can run when I travel , and I do not need to pre-select my route ! if I want to run 10 mile , I head out and run until it tell I I have travel 5 mile and then follow the same route back . there be even a mapping feature that you can follow you route back , if you feel like you be lose . it come with software that you can install on you pc and see how you have improve , both in heart rate , pace and distance . I use it to know when it be time to replace my shoe . I buy new shoe every 300 mile , and with the software I know exactly when I have run 300 mile . if this device be to quit work tomorrow I would head right out the door and buy another . con -lrb- only one I can come up with -rrb- the heart rate strap , be the only thing I have ever have issue with . I have read many forum and several review , and it seem many folk have have the same issue . if you start get erroneous reading with you heart rate , first replace the battery , and or check the copper connection inside the battery compartment . simply bend they out a little to hug the battery tighter will correct the issue . if this do not work , you can buy a new Heart Rate strap . I have use the Garmin Premium Heart Rate Monitor -lrb- Soft Strap -rrb- , which be more comfortable to wear , but only work for about 2 month . I try all my battery trick to no avail . I purchase the Garmin Heart Rate Monitor , same as the origanl monitor that come with the device , and it be work just like the original . I expect I will be replace it , in a year or so . that seem to be the lifespan of the strap , base on personal experience and other review . bottom-line , for the price and what this device offer , I would recommend this device to anyone . -lrb- I would have give 5 star if , it be not for the hr strap issue -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I have be use this unit for about a week now . in a word , it be awesome . it act as a flash drive when connect via the include usb cable . you can access all the file store on the unit in this way . apparently , most gp unit only have serial connection and must use proprietary software to upload file . -lrb- I be very happy that I do not have to deal with that on this unit . -rrb- also , the geocach point feature be very nice . I simply use the include software to convert my . gpx file to the . g use by the unit . this let you carry the coordinate , person who place the cache , last find , hint , etc info with you . I think the only thing miss be the `` description '' field . however , I do not know if any gp unit will show that field . in most case , you do not need that field anyway . I have use the unit to log about 20 cache find so far . in any case , I highly recommend this unit .
GPS	NEG	2	this be my first TomTom GPS , I buy it to replace my older Garmin GPS . this TomTom do not pronounce street name and highway name correctly , that can be confuse if you be not familiar with the area you be drive in . also , the street name turn by turn be only available on one of the program voice -lrb- susan-american English -rrb- there be many voice to choose from for free already program on the unit . I do not like the window mount , it be difficult to mount the GPS unit onto the mount , and the mount often fall off the window . during a recent trip to Phoenix area , the GPS would tell we there be a quicker route off the freeway , we try it once and it actually take we onto a side road , through multiple traffic light ... that take we longer ! I have have my unit for only 6 month , and the display screen be freeze . talk to several people at customer service be frustrating , a couple of people there do not know enough about `` customer service '' just give I vague answer and the runaround . finally speak to somebody that know they job and tell I to return the unit , and they 'll replace it with another one , not new-refurbished ! however , they do not want the unit send back USPS , only Fed ex or UPS which be quite expensive . I be take it back to Costco where I buy it , receipt in hand all the bit and piece in the box and exchange for a new one ... . Garmin be more reliable and easier to use . the feature I do like be the lane guidance and display screen be big and easy to read .
GPS	NEU	3	this gp work fine out of the box -lrb- trip home ,40 mile -rrb- . I try to update and get lifetime map . never happen . I already have the same model that be one year old that stop work , I think this be because the internet connection be momentarily disconnect . it never work since . I return the new one to Amazon and promptly receive a refund without question , I have make many purchase from Amazon , this be my first return , and it be a good experience and I will continue to purchase from they . with lot of look and compare model and make , I decide to buy another TomTom 6 '' Via and it work fine ...
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this unit use from Amazon , and it be almost brand new when it arrive ! I be expect a little wear and tear but it be perfect . I would still be happy if I pay full price for it !  the first thing I do when I receive my unit be to upgrade the firmware . this correct a few minor flaw and add the ability take detour . sound great but I have not use it yet . they just release a new firmware which fix problem where it tell you to `` keep leave '' on a road where you be obviously go straight , but there be a exit to another road .  i only have a couple minor suggestion , but be otherwise thrill with the unit . it not only get I to my destination , but all my friend like to play with it !  thing to change : - enter road name that have space . you actually need to select the `` space '' between the two name . Minor , but annoy . - the ability to enter multiple destination . this would be incredibly helpful ! I be not ask the unit to calculate all the route , but just store the next waypoint then automatically take I there . sometimes I 'll have 2 or 3 place I need to go and would like to program they at once . other time I 'll be on my way to my destination and realize I need to pick up beer for Monday Night Football . if I could `` insert '' a waypoint that be ` the nearest supermarket ' then I would be a Garmin user forever . - spoken instruction should include street name . speech technology be get very good -lrb- e.g. Sprint PCS 's Voice command -rrb- and it would be awesome to have the speak direction include the actual street name . currently , the speak direction be `` turn leave in 1.7 mile '' while the on screen direction will be `` exit 92 East towards Hayward . '' I would like to not have to take my eye off of the road know exactly which road I will be turn on . - antenna . the include antenna be ok , but I just order a aftermarket , longer one . occassionaly I will get `` satellite signal lose '' because the unit be on the passenger seat and lose line of sight with the satellite -lrb- I do not have a good place to mount the unit in my car -rrb- . now I can mount the antenna and get better reception .
GPS	POS	4	this product be a excellent pilot . it be portable and the character be bold . it be very easy to navigate . it would have be a 5 star product if not for the outdated map and the inadequate customer service . effort to contact the customer service on how to upgrade the map have be fruitless .
GPS	POS	5	I think I know where I be go and thus disregard Nuvi `` s direction . when I realize I be off track , I finally listen to Nuvi and it get I back on track through some back road which I would never have take if not for the 350 . now I will trust the Nuvi rather than my memory of long ago .
GPS	POS	5	wonder what Patrick be talk about . the product be launch less than 6 month ago . Patrick say he warranty expire ... and complain about the short one year warranty . sorry Patrick ... but the math do not make yours a credible story . I own this product and love it . Matt
GPS	POS	5	I have a Magellan previously but the screen on this unit be much larger and easier to view when drive .
GPS	POS	5	this gp be purchase for Geocaching . I do not think you can get a better gp . the new enhance receiving be fantastic . I can lock on to 7 satellite while in my basement . no more worry about tree and cloud cover block the signal ! map be great ! I can even use it if my automobile gp die on I .
GPS	NEG	1	my holder break after use for a month . it have a design problem . there be a very strong spring inside the holder ' four screw be place in each side of the holder to place two plastic part together . there be nothing to support the two plastic part together in the middle where they place the spring at . what happen to my holder be that the plastic deform due to the strong tension inside . I be very disappointed at this product , since I be plane to drive one of my friend to the airport that day .
GPS	POS	4	we old Garmin work fine but there be no free update . this model seem to have a wider screen and as a plus it have lifetime free map and traffic . can not figure out the traffic yet - it be probably a setting I have not find yet . something install with the word traffic in it during my first use so I be certain it be activate . Works similar to the old Garmin . I be not sure I like it 100 % , but it do more stuff that I need to get use to . the screen be definitely more responsive , as be change between menu . I have not try a location search yet . it be a little awkward with the mini-usb plug perpendicular to the back instead of attach to the holder like my old Garmin . when I take off the Garmin to walk or to put in glove box , I now have three separate piece to deal with : cord with traffic antenna , unit itself , and windshield mount . windshield mount seem sturdy . it be easier to take the unit out of the bracket than I think . overall I think this be a very good deal . if the traffic start work it may be a great deal !
GPS	NEG	2	when my old forerunner 301 stop sense heartbeat and I check to make sure it be not the chest strap , I purchase a new one . love the unit . on my first ride it fall off the handlebar mount -lrb- after I check it twice -rrb- and be run over . no problem , just go to Garmin customer support , explain in a email what have happen and ask what they policy be . HA ! fill in all the REQUIRED information , press send and -- form go blank in both Safari and Firefox . I 'll call tomorrow but if they website , and other review be any indication , I be in for a rocky time . wonder if any Garmin folk actually check to see if they website work . Ok , about two week have pass . Got on the phone with Garmin customer support . very pleasant young man take my information and credit card datum and give I direction on how to return my unit . Cut I a deal for a replacement . get the replacement yesterday and charge it up . must be refurbish because it will not acquire a gp signal to save itself . back on to customer service tomorrow . like I say , great unit , if it work ...
GPS	NEG	1	this software should be label a beta software until the company work out all its problem , it should be never compare to Garmin or Magellan , I own both and it do not even come close . I will start with the pro since it will take the least time to mention . pro : Convenience of have a gp load on you phone , the GPS receiver can be leave in the vehicle except when you be hike for example . con : inaccurate map -lrb- we be talk mile not foot ! -rrb- , Difficult of use , cumbersome menu , lack of pous 's , wrong pous location , crash often and the list go on ... map : the inaccuracy of the map be incredible and can lead you to a wrong place or miss a free way exit . map be out date , it do not show street that have be update on all map search engine 18 month prior . you can not click and pan the map to see the route ahead . crash often , about once every 2 ~ 3 day . pous -lrb- point of interest -rrb- : again incomplete , inaccurate and difficult to use . for example if you be look for a certain store and the search return 6 and let we say the first 3 be approximately 3mi from where you be , you will not be able to select each one to further know more info - all you can do be pick one to get the direction to . customer service : not very helpful , not knowledgeable about they product or offer and take long time to answer question or concern . I be disappoint at the product which could have be a incredible for the convenience , I hope that the people involve in make decision for the company go out and buy some different gp unit and see how they can improve they product , until then it should be , and I say it again , label a beta software . thanks for you time read my review !
GPS	POS	4	I will apologize for the long review to follow -lrb- I usually try to keep it to one screen -rrb- . over the past three year I have use three different gp unit from three different manufacturer . I think a side by side comparison might be useful . the technology continue to advance , as do the feature set offer in the way of traffic reporting\/rerouting and map update , so I will try to stick the general feature set\/usability of each unit unless it pertain to a feature that I can not see buy a gp without . the three GPS unit be a Motorola Motonav TN765T , TomTom XL 350TM and Garmin Nuvi 760 . Motorola Motonav TN765T pro : \* best screen resolution of the three \* fast trip calculation\/recalculation and voice input or destination be a great feature \* best overall display and on screen information content pertain to speed , direction , etc. . - light weight - plenty of expansion feature -lrb- at a cost -rrb- - 2d or 3d map render - phone Bluetooth integration be easy to setup - satellite lock be fast and stable con : - the mount be wonderfully articulate , so that you can mount and adjust it to you heart 's content , but it vibrates\/jiggles constantly in my car so that it make it hard to read the display - Motorola decide to place a couple of control on the back of the unit , and I find that I be constantly trigger they while adjust the unit - can you say advertisement ? I know you could - traffic information be often slow to load or incorrect -lrb- either I be already fifteen minute into a delay when it finally load , or it report a delay on a stretch of highway that be completely open -rrb- , but the TomTom and Garmin be no better - use with Bluetooth next to useless , even with the top up and window close my Miata be too noisy to make this usable -lrb- all of these gp unit rate the same in this respect , so I will not bother to repeat this -rrb- - limited map update -lrb- I think it be 6 month or less -rrb- - the accompany software never work successfully on my Windows 7 64bit system -lrb- maybe they have remedy this by now , at the time Windows 7 have just come out and Motorola be apparently not concern as they support personnel never respond to my contact -rrb- TomTom XL 350TM pro : \* lifetime map update be very nice -lrb- update be restricted to quarterly -rrb- - interface be easy to navigate \* traffic monitor include -lrb- no ad or expiration -rrb- -lrb- however , it be still often wrong -rrb- \* plenty of poi , many available via download -lrb- on the con side , the parent company do not seem to maintain these pous list or the accompany graphic , go figure , you would think that Starbucks and McDonald 's would want you to know just where to find all of they location and be able to readily identify they from the little icon -rrb- - map color modification , though I have not be able to get it to look just like the Garmin , which I find to be the best of the bunch in they default setting - I like the on screen information content , the essential be there , but the Motorola rule this feature - accompany software work well con : - mount bracket be good but not great , I get the least vibration , but it often break loose on I , such that I need to verify the ring be rotate fully clockwise -lrb- a simple lock mechanism would have be a great addition -rrb- - I have be bite a couple of time by allow the unit to reroute I past delay , beware that it do not monitor surface street traffic -lrb- I try to bypass the local fair highway traffic only to have it reroute I onto the surface street that wind directly past the fair turn a 30 minute delay into a 90 minute delay -rrb- - satellite lock be often slow to connect when the unit be turn on , especially in cloudy weather and can lose lock if the weather be poor - limited set of downloadable voice and vehicle avatar -lrb- unless you be willing to pay -rrb- Garmin Nuvi 760 pro : \* simplest interface , intuitive , require little or no documentation to get start use the device \* the mount bracket be by far the most secure with the least vibration and the easiest to fasten and remove the unit - best set of downloadable feature from voice to vehicle avatar , most free - accompany software work well con : - no map update - 3 month free traffic information , then you pay to subscribe to the free information -lrb- I see that both of these item be available in the newer version of the Garmin product -rrb- - while I prefer the default color scheme of the Garmin , the overall graphic display on this devise be below the minimal display I would expect from a GPS now overall impression : I find the Garmin to be the easiest to use and I notice that the current version include many of the feature that I find preferable in the other manufacturer 's model . I currently use the TomTom as the most functional of the unit that I currently own , however , if I be to buy a new unit at this time , I would opt for a Garmin base upon my experience with the above unit . p - -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I love this gp ! ca not go wrong with garmin !! even let 's you know what lane you need to be in when drive in major traffic !!!
GPS	POS	5	thanks , it arrive on time , package the way it be describe . it be a nice Christmas present for my soldier who be get ready to deploy overseas .
GPS	POS	4	I have use this now on several short adventure . I mainly use the tracking feature and altimeter . overall it be quite easy to use and serve my purpose . I be still get use to it and learn how to optimize , but I consider this normal with any device like this .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this device over a year ago and could not be happier . I have loan it a couple of my friend who immediately buy one just like it . one of those friend have one build into he Denali but use this one for it be user friendlyness and ability to move it from car to car . the other have just buy one of a different brand and ask I to come over to help he learn how to use it . I could not make sense of he so loan he mine . with out instruction he be able to master the c340 and immediately take the other one back for a refund and buy c340 . the only caveot be it do not come with rubber dash mount which by the way work great , so plan on get one when you buy you c340 .
GPS	NEG	1	con : slow to connect to satellite , poorly choose Recommended Routes , no easy way to browse map - surround area of direction . lifetime map do not work and online support be terrible at help - still not fix see the turn-by-turn list be several touch away . difficult and clumsy layout pro : Works .
GPS	POS	5	I have just use two time my new run timer . it seem good . I must wait a couple of week to end my assess period Nowadays be good !
GPS	NEU	3	I buy this unit over TX Giving sale . the primary reason be that my other Garmin c330 gp be get dated and for the price of new map I could get this -lrb- with lifetime update -rrb- . set up be fairly easy . user interface do not take long get use to . during the trip it have nice trip summary such as mile left , time leave , upcome exit with exit # in top right corner . I have only make one long trip with this gp and even though I have fastest route set on , the GPS pick some really small road towards the end of the destination . I be follow a route that I have already travel on so I choose to ignore the GPS . it re-calculate fairly quickly . overall it be a good buy for the money
GPS	POS	5	someone do I a real favor by keep my old gp when I lose it on the course . I sit for day wait for the course to call with the wonderful news that it have be find ... do not happen . I start look at the other gp ad and find this system . wow , now I own the simplest system out there and with great accuracy and ease of operation . Ladies this one be great ... go buy it now and enjoy the envy of the other when they ask for the correct yardage on you next round !
GPS	POS	5	buy this for my son , he love it . Easy to use and get it for a great price . I would definitely buy another one .
GPS	POS	5	I love this product ! I have to say that you can take it out of the box plug it in , and begin navigate you way to happiness . it be very easy to use . my favorite feature , need gas ? just push the gas button from the menu . need to eat ? Press the food button from the menu . Voila , food at you finger with the phone number if you need to make reservation . Garmin vs. other product ... I have have other brand , and have play recently with another brand . they do not have the easy interface like the Garmin . I want to look further down the road on other and could not figure it out . with the Garmin ... just touch the screen , and drag it to the area you would like to look .
GPS	POS	4	Update : 9\/13\/06 - excellent customer service if you be willing to wait online for 30 + minute -- my unit be perfect -- suction cupdid not hold on the windshield nor on the disk provide for the dashboard . they be send I another mount device at no charge . original review August 2006 : receive the unit just in time for a trip to the mountain . enclose instruction incomplete and hard to decipher for a first-time GPS user . contents in package not label or describe -- you be on you own to figure out what the disk with the red bull eye might be use for . plug it into the cigarette lighter and attach the suction cup to the windshield as instruct , turn the unit on and it work perfectly , right out of the box . the suction cup mount fail every time soon after attachment , no matter which part of the windshield to which it be attach . finally decide that there have to be a better way to mount this . on the way , two hour into we trip , hold the gp because it be not stick to the windshield , a low battery indicator come on , despite the unit be plug into the cigarette lighter -lrb- not the source of the problem -rrb- . finally , the screen go blank and would not come back on , obviously , this unit be either defective or not charge . at we destination , I figure out that the black disk with the red bull eye be actually a platform upon which to attach the suction cup of the unit to the dashboard . unit inoperable , but attach . get back home after trip , call Garmin . after 50 minute on hold -lrb- thankfully I have a speaker phone -rrb- a technician have I connect the unit with my computer & the usb cable . he inform I that my unit could be charge through the usb cable -lrb- not in the instruction book or the online download manual -rrb- . we figure out that the charge cable for the Garmin & cigarette lighter connection be defective . Garmin send replacement cable -- which I be now await . Garmin 's website with faq 's do not address query include `` low battery '' , `` blank screen '' , and so forth . I can report that during the two hour it do work , it be marvelous .
GPS	POS	4	update review 12\/10\/2004 : First , I guess I can not lower the star ranking from the original review . otherwise , after 6 + month use I would now give this a 3 instead of 4 . after many run and race with this , I have now get 3 main complaint : 1 . as many other reviewer have note , it do not work under tree . I have be surprise that even now in the fall and winter , with all the leaf off of tree , bare leafless tree limb can still block out the signal . if you run a route that go anywhere near tree for more than 50 yard , you can count on the signal get lose and the distance be off . 2 . apparently the display be suppose to have a backlight . I just notice that in read a review elsewhere . the backlight on mine have never work . 3 . so , I go to garmin 's tech support site last week to fill in a support query about the backlight . it be be a full week since I submit my question and I have not receive even a acknowledgement of the question , let alone a answer or help . that be inexcusable . original review from May , 2004 follow : I have the Timex speed and Distance system before this and use it for about 18 month . I have have my Garmin for a week now . the Timex seem to be very accurate and consistent . if I run the same course , the Timex always measure a 3-7 mile run to within a few foot of the same distance time after time . when run in a race , the Timex seem to be within 1 % of the measure distance all the time . give that I might not always be run the shortest distance , I think that be great . the downfall of the Timex be the bulky 2 piece system , the lack of pc connectivity -lrb- at least with the older one I have -rrb- , and it eat AAA battery like a elephant . the Garmin be nice because it be smaller , one piece , and rechargable . the big screen be also configurable and let I see more datum at a glance . it also give I automatic mile split -lrb- have to do that manually on the Timex - easy to miss one or forget -rrb- . the 5000 lap , 2 year history be a godsend . I can not count the number of time I get out with my Timex to start a new run only to realize that I have not log the previous day 's run and have to wipe it out to start today 's . the history feature on the Garmin save that . I do not have any problem get the Garmin to find the satellite the first time as have be report by other user . however , in the first week I have have it , I would say so far it be less consistent in measure than the Timex be . I run the same course yesterday as today and have to run about 50 yard further to make 2 mile than yesterday . that be a bigger margin of error than I would like . the software and pc connectivity be great . I love be able to automatically download my run to the pc . but , as other people have point out , the serial connection be slow and a stunningly bad choice instead of usb . also , it be disappointing that you can not manually enter a run into the log book - if you run on a treadmill for example and want to keep all of you run in one log book . a shoe mileage tracker would also be a great addition for the software . the true measure of the Garmin 's accuracy will come after a few race . if it be way off then , I may change my tune but for now , it be good enough to be well worth the investment of replace the old Timex . and , a much better deal than the way overprice new Timex .
GPS	POS	5	while I often work out in the gym use a treadmile I do occasionally run outdoors and I will do more outdoors as the weather in mn improve as we move into spring and summer . what I really like about the 305 be its ability to track what I do outdoors use the gp -lrb- location \/ distance \/ heart rate -rrb- , and indoors on the treadmill use use the foot pod -lrb- purchase separately -rrb- and then upload the datum to my pc so that I can track my progress -lrb- and for the outdoor run see on a map where I go -rrb- . it be very encouraging as I lose weigh and gain stamen to actually see how my heart rate be now lower with higher level of exercise , and how my average speed be increase as well . I also like be able to always monitor my heart rate - which while I be run outdoors be important for I to know as I do not want to exceed the maximum rate for my age -lrb- and before I get this unit I be not sure how close I be get -rrb- . so the combination of all these thing make this a winner for I . the only downside I have find so far be that I would rather see my speed in MPH vs. my pace in min\/mile but that be pretty minor . also you can not display map on the 305 , just show the track of where you have be . I be not expect to be able to load map so this be not a take away for I , I just want to mention this for other potential buyer .
GPS	POS	5	I hike at least once or twice a year , and usually into area which be not clearly marked or travel by many people . I be thrill to have get this Magellan as a member of the Vine program . I use it this past weekend , just walk in my neighborhood park . let I start by say it be super easy to set up -lrb- battery -rrb- and program the destination -lrb- although maybe it be simply because I have be use a variety of gp system over the past 5 year or so in car and handheld -rrb- . this item be perfect for carry in a pocket , be very lightweight and be extremely user friendly . I use it locally here all last weekend -lrb- various place in NJ and Pennsylvania -rrb- and it function beautifully . of course the true test will be when I travel to Montana in May and use it in the wilderness . but I be excite with its potential !!!
GPS	POS	5	this be purchase on behalf of a friend with no internet access . he have be a happy hunter ever since .
GPS	POS	5	although my wife and I drive all over the southern United States for recreation , for some reason I just never see a need for a navigator . I could always get some kind of map off the internet or stop at triple-a and get direction , and once I get close , drive around until I find whatever it be we be look for . sure , sometimes I would drive by the place four time before figure out that be it . sure , I would end up in the wrong part of town at a bad -lrb- dark -rrb- time of day . sure , sometimes we would have to run to catch the start of a concert or to not lose we restaurant reservation . but that be all part of the `` fun '' , right ? not anymore . Garmin Nuvi take care of all that . with update , always current , always correct lifetime map , it always get I where I be go in plenty of time . unlike a map , it not only tell I where we be go , but it give I suggestion and direction , like `` stay right '' or `` take the SECOND exit '' . the programming and operation be easy , with just a little three-page manual to tell you all you need to know to utilize all of the Nuvi 's feature . the big screen be highly readable and understandable . and as far as I can tell so far , as long as you put in the correct address , it know how to get there . I even kind of like the sensible female voice -lrb- someone tell I she nickname be `` terrible Tammy '' - I do not know -rrb- . this unit be desirable because it not only come with lifetime map , it come with all the cord and accessory you need to get it up and run . I have only two small gripe : the map download process be painfully , excruciatingly slow . I know I do not have the fastest computer in the world , but it be not doorstop material yet , either , but the overall software installation , map download , map verification , and load onto the Nuvi take very close to two and a half hour . Make sure you update well in advance of any planned trip . -lrb- I suggest start it at bedtime the night before . -rrb- the other gripe be that the suction cup mount really need to be completely free of dirt and the windshield where you be attach it sparkling clean . any kind of residue on the glass or grit on the suction cup be go to send you Nuvi to the floor , where mine have be four or five time already . even with those two nit , this be a device that exceed my expectation and have make travel more , not less , pleasurable . so I be go to give it the five star it would have deserve if I have a faster computer and a clean car .
GPS	NEU	3	the map be at least 2 year out of date . it be not 100 % correct but be more useful than not .
GPS	NEG	1	I and my gp go to yellowstone i be lose most of the tine garmin 1450 go to hell
GPS	POS	5	this product be absolutely amazing . Ive use it for a year now and have use it for travel over 5,000 mile . most of the time I use it in the car along with the beanbag mount . the beanbag mount be one of those item that you just need if you plan on use it in more than one vehicle .  this unit allow you to download a portion of you state into the GPS unit from the computer . it use the communication port so it take a while , but Ive only do this once the entire time ive own it . my family and I use it mostly by typing address into the unit , then allow it to find the fastest or shortest route . its amazing what this little machine can do , and Ive have older model that can do nothing near what this unit can . you can also do a search for point of interest in the area you have download into the unit . this be neat if you be look for a gas station , school , concert location , or something similar where you just have the name of the place .  if you get lose it automatically re-calculate the new route , and beep and show detail as you go . as you near a turn , the screen show the turn and also how many mile \/ foot until you reach the corner . its very helpful . the backlight be also a great feature , and it look really good at night .  the only problem Ive have be the lack of storage space , I can store about 1\/4 of the state of Michigan in the detroit metro area . also , if you miss a turn , it can take a minute or two to re-calculate the route , so you often mix the next turn or two while it recalculate . lastly , ive have it place I on the highway when I be actually on the service street . this have only happen a few time and really wasnt a huge deal .  its definitely worth the price , and since ive have mine ive lend it out many time . its just one of those thing that once you have you cant live without .
GPS	POS	4	pro 1 . Works well for total distance\/pace . 2 . the logbook software be excellent and easy to use . 3 . really help to keep mileage in you target range to avoid overtraining . 4 . battery charge work really well . -lrb- I do 8 run and still show 13 hour charge time leave -rrb- . 5 . do not have a heart monitor . -lrb- I already have a heart monitor that work very well when I purchase -rrb- . con 1 . the pace feature be not good in real time . I have try both `` most '' and `` least '' smooth setting with suspect result . the avg pace that be calculate at the end of you run be good however . -lrb- real time pace bounce up and down . I would sometimes see a pace of 6:31 and seconds later see 8:24 without change my run speed -rrb- . 2 . unit be large but light . you do not even notice it while run . 3 . should have usb port instead of com port . 4 . take several minute to lock on to satellite . -lrb- I always warm up with a 1\/4 mile walk first which work for I -rrb- . Summary this device work very well for I . I would buy it again .
GPS	POS	4	overall the Garmin be work pretty well for we need . the only thing we find be that it have take we to several restaurant that be not there anymore . but we just pick another one near by and go there . we love that feature too - find attraction close by where we be and place to eat . you never know what be over the next hill ! the audio be pretty good - loud enough for both I and my husband - in fact I have have to turn it down several time ! we be very glad we buy this model .
GPS	POS	5	this product be what I need to hold and charge my cell while drive . it hold the phone securely and stay in the lighter socket while drive . zthe charge port work well and the additional lighter socket allow another device to be plug in .
GPS	POS	5	I be reluctant to pay more money , consider I see other price hundred less . I recently move to a new state , and need something short of hijack a local to get around . I like to expandability of this middle of the road model . I especially like the portability of it , that I can carry it in my pocketbook or mount it on the car . although I find turn it on take a few hard push on the button-but it still be a great device . it have prove itself especially in traffic when I hit the detour button . it be well worth the money !!!
GPS	POS	5	will get you anywhere you want to go with ease !! great product , would highly recommend . .
GPS	POS	5	very complete map and million of pous . search function on the Garmin 60 CSX be very intuitive , better than my car navigation system . this will make you hike gp device just as functional for driving\/walking anywhere .
GPS	NEU	3	if you use a 64 bit OS you will not be able to download map to unit until Garmin provide driver support . other then this it be a great product !
GPS	POS	5	this be a great gp . when place a cache , the average capability be astounding . Have have many comment on how accurate my co-ord be . Works much better than my Megellan .
GPS	POS	5	buy this camera for we family trip to Atlantis - work awesome ! we 8 & 9 year old have no problem use it . Video tape themselves go down all the water slide and the rapid . great video and picture take underwater at the beach , pool , and feed the sting ray . would not recommend as you primary camera though because it do hesitate a little before it take the picture so you may miss a fast move shot
GPS	POS	5	I have only just begin to use my gp , but so far , I love it . the map and letter be large enough so I can read they easily . I love that in large print I see the name of the street I be on .
GPS	NEG	1	buy this for my wife for Christmas ... stop work after about 3 trip ... retailer say over thirty day so will not let I return it to they ... motorolum say they do not make gp anymore . . might get a credit for anohter product I do not need ... all in all this transaction a bust
GPS	POS	4	I have purchase many of these gp unit . they be excellent unit for navigation to waypoint in rough condition . I beat up my unit and they take it . a previous unit have a defective power button . I fix this by cut the seal and poke the on switch with a stylus . now this unit be not usable in the rain , but be otherwise work fine . on the specific unit I purchase from this vendor : this unit work fine , but have to major defect : 1 . the sd card be defective . it will hold some map , but randomly leave out many map , render it almost useless . I replace the sd card with one from another unit , and it work fine . 2 . the ability to find interstand exit be miss from this unit . as I have say , I own several of these unit , this be the only one with this feature miss .
GPS	POS	5	I be reluctant to buy a portable gp system but after much research include discussion with Garmin sale reps. I decide to take a chance on the c330 . right out of the box , this device prove to live up to the manufacturer 's representation and after be road-test in Omaha , NJ , NY and Florida , I be now convince this be , without a doubt , one of the best device -lrb- gp and otherwise -rrb- that I have ever own . thank you Garmin for make my travels safer and my life less stressful when drive .
GPS	POS	5	nicely fit the 4.3 '' Garmin GPS . it run around $ 18 on the Garmin web site . this be a excellent value . not real leather , but fairly sturdy and well-fitting . purchase with the gp and it only cost $ 1.78 .
GPS	POS	5	this Garmin do all that we hope and more . I be glad that we purchase this model and highly recommend it to other .
GPS	NEU	3	have to return the first 340 I order . there be no problem get my money back . I really appreciate not have a hassle there . then I order the xxl 540 t 5-inch . the price be right , and I love the large screen . so far so good .
GPS	POS	5	5 star , no question ! very user-friendly , extremely functional and now quite affordable . get one and you 'll never be lose . I research other brand too but decide to go for Garmin . I choose the c320 over the c340 because it get the job do for a much lower price . unlike the c340 which have all the map load , the 128mb drive sufficient only for a small area -lrb- sometimes only 1-2 large state such as CA -rrb- but I get a 1gb drive which be really inexpensive these day and have alomst the whole US map on it . and because it have to search thru that much less info , it be also faster . my only gripe be -lrb- and it be still not a big deal -rrb- that the built-in pous -lrb- point of interest -rrb- database be a bit dated -lrb- I purchase mine in Dec 2005 -rrb- . there have occasion when my gp take I to a store or a restaurant that be no longer present . but when it come to get from place a to b , I can move around with confidence !!
GPS	NEG	2	I buy this product for ~ $ 450 in Feb 2007 , and it work till now very well . we have travel extensively on the east coast and the west coast and this unit be a great accessory on we trip . but very recently the unit freeze , it fail to connect to satellite . upon further research I find that this be a very common problem and the only solution be to return the unit for repair . I be return the unit , since I be out of warranty they want to charge another $ 50 for repair but they waive it off . I do not expect such a expensive thing to get these kind of problem just after 1 year . and it be not just my unit , many other people be get such problem . even 660 and 360 have these bug .
GPS	POS	5	purchase the c330 , and it arrive the day before we trip to so . Florida to visit the grandkid . it only get lose once in Alabama on SR-76 , but I believe that problem have be correct in the software upgrade that be free from the Garmin site . the product be better than I think , and be perfect . visibility be just fine in bright daylight , and it be a Godsend at night . every little twist in the road appear on the screen . it switch automatically to nighttime mode , and back to day operation . Worth every penny !
GPS	POS	5	make it possible to wear the ForeRunner outside the sleeve of you jacket - the extender even make it fit outside several layer of clothing and above the wrist . I use the ForeRunner to navigate home on ski through whiteout condition in the mountain - have it on my arm so that I could see it all the time without have to take off my glove or put aside my skiing pole . in -10 degree c -lrb- 14 degree f -rrb- that be kind of nice . look for a really useful GPS unit ? Make sure you can use it in really cold condition without freezing you finger to icicle ... for normal use , I find this strap work much better than the regular plastic wrist strap which come with the unit , and be very comfortable - especially on sweaty skin . note : I would not recommend the ForeRunner as you only or primary wilderness gp -lrb- one reason be that the battery be not replaceable -rrb- . and do not leave home without a map and a compass - and the knowledge to use they ...
GPS	POS	5	this be a first rate geocach hand unit . I have have great success locate geocach with this fabulous gp unit . I be now able to maintain satellite signal in any location , even in my house . I recommend purchase City Navigator software to be install in this unit and this make this gp unit the total package . I give it five star for performance and user friendly control .
GPS	POS	4	I have this item for two week now and so far I can say I be pleased with some watch out . the watch be small and lightweight -lrb- consider it have a gp -rrb- and the basic function work perfectly . most positive feature be : 1 . fast gp pairing 2 . once you setup , the information be easy to read 3 . simple upload to the Training Center software on the other side , I have many reservation with the touch bezel ... I imagine that a gp watch should be make for people that be use it for advanced training -lrb- multi-sport and\/or off road training -rrb- . I do not notice that the watch be not intend for swimming , for instance -lrb- yes , it be not water-proof -rrb- . and , although the bezel sensitivity have increase substantially versus the 405 model , sometimes it be a pain to use it with bike full-finger glove . since I also do lot of trail-running and adventure racing , I also acquire the foot pod and the bike sensor -lrb- to guarantee longer battery life and to avoid lose gp signal in a dense part of the trail -rrb- . so far both be work just fine . I also believe there be too much complexity on the setup process -lrb- training page , shut down operation , accessory calibration , etc -rrb- . I still could not find a place that summarize how much time I spend in each Heart Rate zone in a give workout -lrb- my training be mainly base on this -rrb- . the bottom line : very good equipment with lot of easy to ready information : pace , distance , hr , elevation , speed and all the detail for a better training plan . it have some opportunity in term of complexity and interface . I still think it be one of the best gp enable hr monitor in the market . UPDATE : after a couple of week I will give it a extra star -lrb- from previous 3 star -rrb- . the reason be : 1 . I manage to manipulate the bezel with full-finger glove . it take some time but now I be able to do it . 2 . I finally manage to find all the information I need in the Training Center -lrb- specifically how much time I spend in each hr zone -rrb- . it be under the ` total ' tab . the lack of the 5th star be for the complex setup process and for not be waterproof .
GPS	POS	4	this case work very well on the handlebars of my road bicycle or my mountain bike . I dont worry at all about it fall because it be so well shield in this case . the only thing that I can really find wrong with it be that when you put the NUVI in the case , you can hardly hear the voice speak to you . of course , if the voice be not that important to you , then there be no problem at all : -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this be the second gp runner watch I have own . I misplace the first one . I have be very satisfy with both of they . I just wish they could make it a little more compact . I have a small wrist and it be a little bulky .
GPS	POS	4	just like it come new . the exact fit for the one I lose . delete a star because it add so much bulk to the unit . other than that , work as expect .
GPS	POS	5	this be my second gp . my first be a Magellan also , which I be very happy with . now a couple of year later , I decide to upgrade to the larger screen as it be easier to see . upon read other review , I find it be recommend for large car , suv 's , and truck . I have a 1998 Toyota Camry , which have a small dashboard . I measure ahead of time to make sure it would fit . and it do , snuggly , but that be all that matter ! I also purchase the 3 side bean bag weight to set it on which do not add any bulk . right now it touch my windshield , but it be on the dashboard just far enough back to not fall off . I can not say enough about the size of the display ! yes , it be large , but hey , when you get to be a senior with trifocal , the larger the screen , the better ! and the display switch to night vision which light up in mostly black and white and be easy to read at night . I would highly recommend this gp to anyone consider purchase a larger screen . when I park my car , I just pick it up and set it on the floor so it do not attract attention . absolutely perfect for I !
GPS	POS	5	the TomTom GPS work great . the only problem I have notice be that the map software be out of date . buy the map upgrade do not do any better in direction . I would still buy this item over other gp manufactor .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase this product because my original Garmin I purchase over 7 year ago , I be not able to download current map , for whatever reason . I travel a lot and be look forward to use this Garmin everywhere I travel . it have a very short battery time and I constantly have to re-charge it and it usually go dead when I need it the most . it shut off in the middle of give I direction and when I power it back on , the Garmin screen be display something totally irrelevant and start give I wrong direction . I regret purchase it !
GPS	POS	5	I have a Garmin Forerunner 205 for many year and the battery be start to get weak . I really only use the pace , time , and mileage information , so the 305 be more garmin than I really need ; but for the incredible price , I have to get it .
GPS	NEU	3	I really like this item - it be easy to put together , be very sturdy and work with both my gp and smart phone . unfortunately the dashboard of my car be curved - and in sharp turn the autodashmount fall right off . I think if my dashboard have a flat spot , it would be perfect . but as it be , the best I can give it be 3 star .
GPS	POS	5	I be a confirm Tom Tom user and happen to come across this large screen magellian on Amozon . since the old eye aren `` t what they use to be I be intrigue with the 7 inch screen . well be I in for a surprise . we use this machine to be we guide from south Texas all the way to Hamilton , Ontario . the ease of operation be fantastic , we follow it all the way and do not encounter any difficulty at all . right thru Houston , Baton Rouge Memphis , Nashville and a few other without a mistake . good Job and well do this product be a good buy and deliver as promise .
GPS	POS	5	bought 3 for employees\/family . everyone report that it work great right out of the box . First trip be from NJ to sc with no problem . good value for the money . would suggest that the mfgr include a cloth bag for storage when you want to take it off of the windshield in a bad neighborhood . would recommend .
GPS	POS	4	the unit purchase do the job , however list a bit misleading as it be not actually like the Garmin Original as there be no fuse . other than this good product so far .
GPS	POS	4	the concept be without a doubt ingenious - take advantage of the CD slot to mount you phone or gp and keep you windshield unobstructed . just this week , I pick up the Samsung Galaxy note which sport a 5.3 '' screen . it be a behemoth in that respect . however , it be very thin - in fact thinner than the iPhone 4 . the only issue I see be that the retain ` ear ' could be a bit taller . I have a Speck Candyshell case on the phone which as case go be quite thin - some who have look at my phone do not realize the phone be even in a case . however , I find the phone sit a bit shallow in the ear which concern I when I receive the larger , more protective Reiko case -lrb- think Otterbox -rrb- .
GPS	POS	4	. . as should be obvious , know exactly where you be be equally as important as know exactly where you need to be . as a Sonet Technician , I purchase this unit to help find communication site in obscure , often desolate area of the eastern US . in the past , I have to rely upon either someone whom have never actually be there and use a web-based mapping site to issue turn-by-turn direction , or people recall the location from memory , `` I think you turn at  , then look for the concrete cow on the left which mean you just pass the turn so go back and turn right . '' neither be very accurate , so I begin use my laptop and try out a number of mapping program . I settle on m 's Streets & Trips 2000 due to the ease with which I could open a window of save point , double click on the one I need and find they automatically enter as waypoint -lrb- a feature inexplicably remove from subsequent release -rrb- . use a mapping program alone work fairly well , but the flaw be that once I miss a turn -- most often in the dead of night -- I have to determine where I be in order to find my way back to the plot course . terribly frustrating and confusing to be look for route 773 and be surround by route 377 , 737 , 337 , etc. . . this be a perfect application of a GPS unit as it can save literally dozen of hour per year of time lose to backtrack .  my decision to purchase the Magellan brand come of a friend 's recommendation of a map 330 and of distil fact from diatribe on number of gps-related bbss . instead of explore the merit -lrb- or lack thereof -rrb- of one mfgr \ model over another , these discussion typically degenerate into little more than flame war . anyway ... I purchase a Magellan Meridian platinum at the local CompUSA for considerably more than I would have pay have I order it from Amazon . CompUSA stock neither the vehicle mount bracket nor the data\/power cable accessory on the day i purchase the unit .  when I first power up the unit , I be indoors and quite disappointed that I get no satellite lock whatsoever . however , it quickly find my location once I step outside and have a unobstructed view of the sky . I discover that the unit work less than perfectly unless hold vertically and that even a single finger place over the antenna section substantially degrade reception . I enter into m Streets & Trips 2002 -lrb- st2k2 -rrb- the lat-long location datum for the 14 site we need to visit between Atlanta and Jax , fl . use the include datum cable , I connect the Meridian platinum to the laptop , then run the GPS setup . I be on the road in minute . find the site be a piece of cake for the most part , though it do take a while to get use to the update lag time . st2k2 's help file explain that the software poll the GPS only every 15 seconds , mathematically account for what I find to be a average of nearly 1\/3 mile error in position . from then on , I have the driver slow down 1\/2 mile before each turn . when we do miss turn thereafter , it be only because st2k2 's map be not entirely accurate -lrb- particularly around Athens , GA -rrb- .  i find myself constantly check the battery power display and wish I have the data\/power cable . be forwarn that the Meridian platinum eat battery for lunch . I burn four per day -lrb- two set -rrb- over a four day period , average only slightly more than a halflife of what the documentation state ; I get no more than about eight hour from a fresh set of high quality alkaline . certainly the ability to turn off the unit 's display would dramatically increase battery life . I find no reference to do such in the . pdf manual . this be a oversight in my opinion , but undoubtedly can be correct in a software update from Magellan .  because the mount bracket be not available at the time I make my purchase , I have to leave the Meridian on the dashboard . from this arise a number of problem . the gp be occasionally power down when bump in rough backroad cause it to bounce around and depress the power button . also , it frequently lose satellite lock due in part to such jostle , but more to the fact that it be impossible to have a unobstructed view of the sky inside the cab of a large truck and that it can not be hold vertically without the mount bracket . another consequence of be on the dash be that the unit become \* extremely \* hot when expose to direct sunlight . so hot , in fact , I become concerned that such tremendous heat might be damaging . while it seem no less the worse for wear , I would rather it not get that hot in the first place . I believe the simplest solution to these problem be not a mount bracket , but a external antenna -- the expensive unit can then sit safely tuck out of harm 's way . unfortunately , the Meridian line do not provide for the direct connection of a external antenna , and this alone might be reason enough to warrant a return for refund . I find it tremendously annoy that the designer would disallow such a option .  i buy a unit much more capable than I actually need or will ever use , so my advice to those new to gpss be that you take you time and fully investigate the function you need , carefully research the function that several different vendor and they unit provide , then , once you have decide on what you want , stop and research a little more . if at all possible , borrow a friend 's or rent a number of different model for a few day . I can not knock the Meridian platinum because it have more feature than I 'll ever use , and I be certain backpacker and geocacher will love this thing , but the lack of a external antenna port must be take into account . this can not be overstate : if the primary use of you gp receiver will be inside a vehicle , look for something else .  i award the Magellan Meridian platinum 4 of 5 star .  pro : Works well , seem quite rugged , have numerous cool feature , and will give owner obvious brag rights . con : lack external antenna capability , a bit spendy , and eat battery like M&M; s.
GPS	POS	4	love the large screen , I can read it without read glass , I can not even see my cell phone . if I have it to do over I would by the 1490t for the traffic and blue tooth .
GPS	POS	5	this be such a awesome tool and it even work overseas !!! I have track a few mile on it and it work like a champ . i buy the nike + a while back and it be not cut it not enough information and i lose the watch part of it . the 110 have a heart rate monitor and it track you complete run from speed , heart rate , distance , and elevation . this be the tool you need to improve you game !!!
GPS	NEU	3	I have take some pretty good picture with this camera . operate it be very easy . have not try it ` s underwater capability . it be video performance be pathetic , awful ... it may well be that I be do something wrong , though . all in all , nice camera .
GPS	POS	4	I think my gp be toast . all it need be a new cord . the wire be a bit stiff but , it work perfectly . good product , prompt delivery , fair price .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this gp for my honeymoon trip on a cruise liner . I take it on the top deck and plot the ship 's position relative to its sailing along the eastern US Coast -lrb- we sail from NYC to pr , and St Thomas -rrb- . I be able to track we speed and course the entire time . the battery last as long as the box say , about 12 hour straight . the screen be easy to read and the device be simple enough to use . I be impressed .
GPS	POS	5	the only letdown from this otherwise fine gp be that you can not map out a route with multiple stop along the way and save it . that make trip planning with multiple stop a little mre challenge .
GPS	POS	4	this thing fit like a glove ! very well construct . ca not use if you use the Dash Board mount . you have to take it out of the case .
GPS	POS	4	I be un able to load my phone book to it . it be there by itself once but leave ?? feature come and go by themself ??? instruction booklet be lack . other than the bluetooth issues-i love it . I get it to take the place of my Navigation system in my 2009 Honda Accord that be NOTY user friendly . Dan
GPS	NEG	1	the ad clearly say `` fit Nuvi 250 '' , which I have , but it do not fit my Garmin Nuvi 250 . it be not big enough . furthermore , I have email the seller , and he have give no reply after several day .
GPS	POS	5	this print server be very easy to install . I buy a d-link wireless print server about 2 year ago that be a real pain to install -lrb- which later break after a power surge -rrb- . I have be put off get a new one because I think that walk to the printer to plug in my usb cord be easier than install another print server -- I be wrong . this one could not have be easier to install ! I would definitely recommend this print server !
GPS	POS	5	I first buy the Garmin Nuvi 350 as a Christmas present for my husband after he have do he research . when I see it in action I think it be great . the touch screen make it very easy to use . it usually take I forever to learn how to use a new machine of any kind . the Garmin store you places\/addresses for future use and can list place of interest , area restaurant , etc. . I buy the second one as a graduation gift for my niece . I would definitely recommend this to other people .
GPS	POS	5	my first GPS , which I get because I would be drive in Italy , and believe I , and my rental car passenger , this turn out to be a life-saver . we would have miss a hundred turn -lrb- the round-about be especially hard to navigate by eyesight alone , as they sometimes have several exit with small or no sign that whiz by in this italian mixmaster traffic -rrb- , and some rural location , like b&b; s , be simply off the marked road . enter a town , road or street and a number , and it 'll take you there , or if it do not have one , punch in coordinate from the host . also , after read some review of other gpss , I be surprise to see how well the unit perform in city in pedestrian mode , regardless of high building , as the `` Hotfix '' feature quickly pick up any lose signal -lrb- this be true even in longish tunnel in northern Italy -rrb- . the four-hour battery be great for out-of-vehicle use . also , review for other model complain how long it take to get satellite fix and map load on arrival in the foreign country , but this gp get they up in about a minute . the Italy map be very detailed and the restaurant\/points of interest\/fuel stop nearby feature very quick and accurate . conversion from mph to KPH be simple and the many other feature be easy and intuitive , too . I be not a techie at all , but I can use this device very well . one more thing : tech service . I get help for update map because I be not very technical , and a very nice and helpful agent be on the phone with I in less than 5 minute .
GPS	NEG	1	read the fine print on the lifetime update . the update be not lifetime at all . they only work if you have enough memory to allow update . since memory of this item be limit to begin with , the company can shut you off anytime they care too by make the update map program a bit to large for you machine . what a scam !
GPS	POS	5	Garmin out rank they all . I buy the GPS as a gift , it be so great , I buy one for myself . could not ask for a better product and the price be great !
GPS	POS	4	this navigator be slick . setup be easy and quick , and it adhere nicely to the windshield . both audible and visual navigation work fine , as the voice be clear and the screen be easy to see . input a address on the screen take just a minute , then you be good to go . the only down side to the unit be the outdated map that come preloaded . I buy the unit in July , 2007 but some three-year-old street in my city be not include . a call to Garmin reveal that they map be update every 15 month , but that must not be the case everywhere . regardless , I would purchase this product again .
GPS	POS	5	product be receive in atimely fashion and be work well in keep multiple usb charge simultaneously while in a vehicle . good product .
GPS	POS	5	Works as promise . it be not as complicate as it look and be a huge step up from Nike + and Adidas micoach product .
GPS	POS	5	the receiver work as publish . after a ` cold ' start get a good fix be immediate to 5 seconds . I use this with a Samsung netbook for navigation on a recent trip . I would use the machine , then hibernate the machine . a hour or so latter I would wake up the machine and the GPS would already have satellite lock before the machine would be ready -lrb- 15 seconds -rrb- . the satellite memory would last a hour or two without power . a ` cold ' start take about 30 seconds . once about every 5 ` cold ' start the receiver would give up and never get a lock . however once a lock be achieve the receiver work flawlessly . as long as I give it power ever hour or two it would keep the lock .
GPS	POS	5	great product ! instruction leave a lot to be desire for novice computer people . very unclear instruction about download datum to computer and which program be best to use . . vague at best and inadequate at worst . thanks gary Johnson
GPS	NEG	1	boater : if you be look for a handheld GPS for marine purpose , you need to be aware that this model come out of the box with a base-loaded database that include almost nothing in the way of aid to navigation . while the older map76 model include a database of coastal navigational aid -lrb- buoy , light , nun , can , whistle , gong , lighthouse , etc -rrb- , this model do not include any of these . if you turn on this model and scroll over to Boston Harbor or San Francisco Bay , it will show you where the water be and where the land begin , but nothing more . no navigational aid whatsoever . yes , it will give you lat\/lon fix like any gp . and it will give you speed and head information . but that be it . of course , Garmin tell you that you can purchase the detailed marine chart -lrb- they cost $ 100 - $ 200 each for just a single area ... in the Northeast , you would need to purchase many of these to get complete coverage -rrb- and this be understand . but most serious boater use detailed paper chart and\/or a plotter and do not need they handheld for that kind of detail . what a handheld be good for , however , be to show where you be in relation to a bell or a light you may be run toward in the fog or in the dark or in relation to a known waypoint . the old version -lrb- map 76 -rrb- give you these bell and light . this one do not . so unless you want to add many hundred of dollar to you $ 275 - $ 300 purchase price , this be the wrong model for a handheld gp as backup . get the older map 76 instead . for less than $ 200 , you will have more than you need as a helpful boater 's unit and no need to buy electronic chart . of course , the map 76 be B&W; and not color , possibly less sensitive , and lack all the bell and whistle . but it be WAY more simple to use . this map 76csx be very complicated because it have build in all the highway , hike , climb , geocach , urban feature and capability that you will never use . just figure out the setup take hour . bottom line ... Garmin be a great product . but if you be a serious boater -lrb- not want to drop a thousand on a complicated handheld -rrb- and someopne who navigate with paper chart or a regular chart plotter , you do not want this model ... you want the map76 . many sailor just want the peace of mind from a backup . this be not it . happy sailing
GPS	POS	5	I have debate on if it be worth pay more to basically get a voice activate feature . I do not know why I wait . it have be wonderful to be able to talk to the gp and get direction right away . there be a few issue with it recognize certain word , but overall , I can do about 90 % of the thing I want through this feature and then just type the few that I can not . I also love the traffic feature . I live in a metropolitan area that be often bog down by traffic or accident and it warn I in plenty of time to be able to travel a different route if I so choose to .
GPS	POS	4	this be my fifth gp unit . my first GPS unit be a Lowrance gm100 follow by a Garmin and a Magellan Sportrak and then a Lowrance go2 . all have be good unit . I be very inpress when I first receive the Lowrance h20 unit . I be impress by the screen size first and foremost . second , I be pleasantly suprised to find the car power adapter . shortly after purchase the unit , I buy the software package . it include the map software , a 64mb sd card and the card reader . I be very happy with the set , but I would have prefer a direct cable connection to the unit as oppose to have to use the card reader to transfer datum . the software be also somewhat limit in feature as well . I would like to see more feature involve trail . the map be great and very accurate . transfer datum work great but be somewhat difficult in that you must remove the card which require removal of the battery . I would give the unit five star if it be not for the above limitation . if you just look at the unit itself base on accuracy and useability , it definitely rank five star .
GPS	NEG	1	travel from norther Michigan to Indianapolis , in the middle of the night , this unit direct I off the highway way before I be to get off . travel about twenty minute I come to a town , the road be close and there be no way around the town area to proceed further . . we waste a hour at 1am , when we should have reach we destination and be in bed . . instead , we have to turn around , drive all the way back to the highway ... then trust this instrument to bring we in from another location . . I have not trust this unit since ... I have try to hook up to we computor and TomTom do not recognize my password , and no matter how hard I try , I can no longer up date my TOMTOM ... I be very dissappointed in this unit . . and try to find a phone number seem impossible . . also , it have time of not show street name when you need they . . they color line cover the street name ... it be difficult to find where to navigate so you can look at the route it be provide you . . I would rather spend more time do seventy on the highway , than a direct , unfamiliar two lane road in the dark , no service station ... I have hold this next my friend 's Garmin , no comparison . . Garmin hand down win . .
GPS	POS	4	Great little scanner . I have 2 of the popular scanner software 's which make it easier and almost fun to program . if you would like a nice informative manual do a search for Marksscanners , he write a great manual . you can print it out if you like , just have a fresh reem of paper handy . this scanner replace my bct780xlt . great price here at Amazon.com I use all my scanner remotely in house with software and pc . I also have a bct396t which work great . also have the Icom pcr-1500 .
GPS	POS	5	great GARMIN GPS , have all the function need . volume CONTROL be PERFECT . have 2011 UPATED ROUTING VERSION , expect it to LAST A LONG WHILE .
GPS	POS	5	ok , this be my first GPS unit , so I have nothing else with which to compare it . we have just use it for the first time and be very impressed . we live in a very small subdivision out in the country in central Arizona . the TomTom recognize we home location and direct we faultlessly to a destination in Phoenix . as we move along the Interstate , it show all of the cross road and exit number as we approach they . it know the speed limit and the speed we be travel -lrb- talk about Eye in the sky ! -rrb- . it give a arrival time , number of mile to destination , and number of mile to next turn . it announce the turn clearly use street name . despite this , the pilot take the wrong exit -lrb- `` c '' instead of `` b '' - he fault , not the unit 's -rrb- and the TomTom immediately begin give clear instruction to the destination from we new unplanned position . you can ask it `` where be I '' and it tell you in term of street and city and also show the latitude and longitude . the screen map even show little insignificant dirt road lead off the state highway , which could be important if one need to pull off the road . you can also call up point of interest - restaurant ; gas , police , and fire station ; medical facility and hospital and much more . the restaurant information for the town nearest we home be a bit outdated , as several place have close or change name . there be a emergency button to press - I do not know what it actually do , but if I ever have a emergency , I 'll let you know . the next test will be on a yard sale adventure and I 'll find out how well it do find house address in small town . if there be a problem , I 'll update the review . the TomTom do not play music or show family picture . it be strictly a gp unit with a touch screen and that be exactly what I want . I be very pleased with this purchase .
GPS	POS	5	I be impress by the speed and efficiency in deliver my Garmin GPS ! when I get it I be thrill with all the feature it come with ! it be easy to use and I can record my datum in my pc for future adjustment . a real worth-buying !
GPS	NEU	3	I buy this product because my old gp be not updateable . it be a Navigon gp , this one be updateable so so far so good . would reccomend it to anyone .
GPS	POS	4	I pick up one of the Tomtom Ease GPS unit , when Woot ! have they for $ 29.99 . I figure before this , that my handheld GPS unit or my wife 's smartphone would work just as well , and in some way , they do . however , on we recent vacation to Oahu , I take the ease along and use it in the rental car . I do not think I will ever travel to a different city without it now . be able to enter a address , and have clear , easy-to-follow direction on how to get there , sure beat the heck out of try to figure out a good route from a paper map , and especially beat the heck out of try to remember the route from the paper map while drive . if we decide to detour -lrb- or , if because of traffic congestion in downtown , I could not change lane to make the next turn -rrb- , the unit automatically calculate a amend route , and in most case , give a pretty good ETA base on its programming of the route and we current driving condition . my wife 's smartphone sometimes have problem figure out where we be , or how to get where we want to go , but so long as we be not inside a tunnel or a parking structure , the ease lock onto the gp signal fairly quickly , and then calculate the best route . about the only time I have a problem enter a address , be when I inadvertantly select the wrong city -lrb- there be two city of the same name , only in different county . at first , I choose the wrong one -rrb- . it have a decent database of point of interest , and a surprisingly comprehensive list of street and location , right out of the box . the only time its direction be a problem , be when I be go to the Pacific Aviation Museum on Ford Island . the ease give I direction right to the museum , which would have be fine if I have military base access privilege . have I select direction to the Visitor 's Center , from which a shuttle bus take civilian visitor to the museum and other Ford Island site , I have no doubt it would have give I correct direction . this be a case of , `` oh , shoot ! it do just what I tell it to ! '' the ease do not have some of the extra feature that would have gain it five star from I . if you be look for a basic gp navigation system for you car , and do not have bucketload of money to spend on one , this be you answer .
GPS	POS	5	I absolutely love the c340 . I do not understand some of the critic of this because mine be exactly what I would hope for and expect . the detour function be awsome . no glare issue . we 'll see how it endure , but out of the box it work as advertise . a few month later , it have take trip from tn to MI to CA to Vancouver and back . it help bypass problem area and find great place to eat\/stay as well as point of interest along the way . signal be always strong , as far as I could tell . there may be more highspeed feature other need out there ; but for the money and simplify ease , this be perfect .
GPS	POS	5	I read all I could about all the different gp . I choose this one becouse of it be portability . it have it be own power source . it be small enough to carry in my pocket . and also the price . I have use it alot . I be never lose if it be with I . I do not look at a map anymore . jusy type in where you want to go . it tell you how far and when you will get there . if you decide to go off the route for any reason it will recalucate and give you the new direction . I love this box . I recomend it for everyone .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin Zumo 220 GPS be simply the perfect Navi System for motorcycle on the market right now ...
GPS	NEU	3	Got this as a gold Box special a couple of week ago . my old GPS , a  TomTom GO 720 4.3-inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator  I actually really like the 720 when it work -lrb- though that be intermittently -rrb- , which be why I be willing to consider another TomTom in spite of the issue . besides , the Magellans do not impress I , I hate my wife 's Garmin -lrb- constant moan of `` re-cal-cu-la-ting '' and last-second turn instruction wear thin -rrb- , and I be not about to spend many hundred of dollar on glorified version of the free Google Maps app on my phone . that say , it be a good gold Box deal and about what I pay for the 720 just over a year ago . consider lifetime map and traffic be include , it be tough to pass up . I do not need a ton of bell and whistle , so it seem to fit the bill of a good replacement for the old one . I do not pay close enough attention to the product description , so I fail to notice the lack of a sd slot , but , see as how I have never use it on my 720 , that be not a problem . well , do I get a good deal ? OUT of the box the 335 have the same size screen as the 720 and be just a smidge smaller , except when the ring mount be attach make it significantly thicker and not as portable -lrb- though I think most people would not be pack it that way -rrb- . the suction cup attachment seem much more adhesive than that of the 720 , which I be constantly push back against the window since it fall off at least once a week . the little recessed cubby for the usb power\/computer connection be a bit of a pain , require more digging around than I would like . overall , its physical ergonomics be pretty please and it seem quite secure when drive . update the map here 's where the first issue come up . if you have look at other review , you know I be not alone in trouble . I already have the TomTom software install on my xp netbook from my previous GPS , so I be as close to plug and play as one could get . I log in , switch my account to the new device and it immediately ask I if I want to update the map through the latest map guarantee , something that be promise on all TomToms out-of-box -lrb- in case yours have be sit on a shelf for a while -rrb- . I do . and so begin a process of download that take about 90 minute on my fairly quick internet connection . of course , once that be all download , I have another excruciating wait while it transfer the ` latest ' map to the unit . Fine . I put in my time and be ready to get go . but then I get to the ` Update '' screen that let you know if there be new gp fix or map share correction . strangely , there be a new North America map for I to download . do not I just do this ? base on my experience with the 720 -lrb- and logical programming in general -rrb- I decide to go ahead and click through , figure the software would tell I if this new map be already on the device . either the software be really dumb or the ` latest ' map I get under the guarantee be not in fact the most recent \* , because I wait for another few hour while it go through the machination and install the new map on my device . -lrb- \* I suppose there be the very slight chance that TomTom put out a new map in the time since I first hook up the new unit , but , as you be about to see , that probably be not the case . -rrb- ok , so two update to get the ` latest ' map . thing could be worse , I suppose . right ? right . I enter my registration code for the free lifetime map and \* SHOCKER \* I be tell there be yet another new North America map . this time , I take note of the version number : the update take I from version 830.2284 to 850.2781 . I be no mathematical wizard , but that seem like a pretty big jump from one version to the next . three hour later -lrb- and about half a day after I first connect to the system -rrb- , I finally have the last of TomTom 's ` latest ' update install . not a good way to start . it make the all the guarantee offer by the company seem just a little disingenuous . on the road -lrb- include comparison to MY GO 720 -rrb- this screen be dim . at 100 % brightness on the day setting , it be about half of my 720 's illumination . this be annoying . it be not the worst thing in the world for I , since I have good eyesight , but I do not like it and I think it would make the unit unusable for many people -lrb- my wife include -rrb- . initial route be sloooooooow . I would get annoy when my 720 be take more than about 10-15 seconds to plan my trip . that be light speed compare to this sloth of a machine . change my destination mean I better put aside a minute or more of my life while the new GPS go into a state of deep reflection . if I be already move and want to avoid the traffic delay ahead , I better remember upcome direction since the screen will go into a mapless ` analyze ' display for sixty or more seconds . once it have analyze alternative , it might ask if I want to avoid toll road or carpool lane . no matter what my answer , it will then go through all the analysis again . seriously ? it could not have account for the two different possibility before ask I ? better yet , it could not have ask up front so it could simply get it right the first time ? I never have any kind of lag issue like this with the 720 . on the other hand , maybe all that advance planning help a little if you be prone to go off course . I have find that when I pass on one of the direct turn with the 335 , it be much quicker to re-plot than the 720 . I really do not know what be more bothersome : have to wait to get go or have to wait to get my course correct when make the slightest deviation . the rd traffic service seem less reliable than the traffic update I get through the phone datum with my 720 . whereas I could pretty much rely on the 720 's ` go ' traffic be gospel , the 335 's rd traffic accuracy be pretty spotty this past weekend on a road trip to San Diego . at one point around San Juan Capistrano , I go about 10 mile in 25 minute , but the gp be tell I my road be free and clear . Voice route be really odd . I never use the speak street name feature with the 720 , opt instead for one of the more natural-sounding voice simply tell I where to turn and such . the 335 's computer voice have some quirk . firstly , pronunciation be really spotty . live in Southern California , I be obviously surround by street and city with spanish name . all I ask be for some consistency : either give it the authentic spanish treatment or completely anglocize it . you can not say ` loss ahnhele . ' it be either ` LOHS Ahnheles ' or ` loss Anjelez . ' do not split the difference . hearing ` San Joaquin ' be even more painful . on the other hand , the computer lady do say ` San Diego ' as if she be Ron Burgundy explain the city 's rich german root , so that be pretty funny . someone else mention that the computer voice do not pronounce the ' 0 ' for highway such as 101 or 405 . Mine do not ignore the ' 0 , ' she just have some kind of read disorder . when she want I to take i-405 , for example , she say `` four-west-five . '' highway 101 become `` one-west-one . '' the only way I can begin to make any sense of why this happen be that the computer read the ' 0 ' not as ` zero , ' but as the letter ` O. ' since ` o ' would be the indicator for ` west ' in the frenchier part of Canada , maybe the 335 be try to show off its worldliness . of course , that be just a theory , though I can not think of any other remotely plausible reason the GPS would be do something so dumb . the verdict as I say in the title , I be not sure if I be keep this thing . it be get some quirk I find very bothersome and much of it do not live up to my good experience with 720 when it be work its best . on the other hand , I be not go to find similar amenity at a comparable price and , more than not , the 335 do the basic job for which I need it . I think the question come down to whether I feel good about reward TomTom for regress they technology , not to mention they lose a lot of credibility as a company with the repeat map download despite they ` latest map guarantee . ' frankly , if I could get the 720 to link up to my new phone , I would be keep that one even with all its issue . the 335 be work well enough to keep I consider it , but it be far from give I the warm fuzzy . the next couple of day will find I do some serious research to see if there be a better unit to be have without make a huge financial leap . if not , I 'll probably keep it , but I do not think I 'll ever be too excite about it . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* UPDATE AUGUST 27 , 2010 \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* ok , so I end up keep it . I be still not go to endorse it as a fantastic unit , but I think it be good enough for most need if you be not comfortable cross the $ 125 -lrb- or thereabout -rrb- barrier on a gp . I have not yet follow the instruction for improve the voice direction someone post in a comment to this review , so I can not speak to whether the problem I complain about be fixable . just as a further example of how schizophrenic the voice be , however , I have notice that she can do a admirable job with the street name ` Cahuenga ' but ` Sacramento ' be mangled beyond belief to become something that roughly sound like ` sah-ka-la-mah-kis . ' it be actually impressive how many consonant be omit and replace by other to make California 's capital sound like a greek shipping company . I now have to mute it when my wife be in the car because she be not amuse with my fascination at how ridiculous most of the speak name be . nagging issue continue to be the dim screen , the ' 4-west-5 ' thing , and the point of interest lack completeness sometimes . a example of the latter be when I be across town and have a sudden hankering for Del Taco -lrb- do not judge I ! -rrb- . I think I be near one I know from when I live near there , so I put ` Del Taco ' into the search . a half-dozen within a few mile come up quickly , but the one I be think of be not list . I remember where it should be and drive the eight block or so to get there . right where I think it would be , but the gp do not know about it . same thing 's happen with a couple of other chain store , like Lowe 's . very odd to I . I should mention that the biggest nagging issue might be the multi-step , analysis mode of replan route . it get ridiculous . whether replot to avoid traffic or part of a route , it be a waste of time and patience for the unit to spend a minute or so analyze alternative , present a list of say alternative with the travel time and distance of each , have the user select which alternative , then go through further analysis on the route allegedly just analyze . basically , it be the equivalent of ask you navigator to plot out three course , calculate the distance of each , select one of the option , then have the navigator re-plot what be already do to create the option in the first place . silly . another note I forget to include initially , despite the ` quick fix ' update , it take a minute or so for the unit to pick up satellite when leave my garage . also , in one of the first outing with it , I actually lose all satellite signal for a couple of minute on a stretch of open highway between Burbank and Sherman Oaks . I feel like it might have happen one other time , but , since I can not speak to it with specificity , I will not ding it too badly here . it be just odd . amend verdict : a decent stopgap for those look for basic-plus -lrb- map and traffic -rrb- option who do not want to drop a bunch of cheddar while wait for the industry to get it right and put out better system . do not expect too much and you will not be too disappointed .
GPS	POS	4	I be really enjoy this Magellan GPS . it be a large screen . I like that it tell you that you destination be on the right or leave , which we last gp do not . I would purchase it again . if there be one thing I wish be better it would be more pous 's .
GPS	POS	4	have anyone else experienced get the product with a defect on the top right side where the face join with the band ? -lrb- the glue or seal use to join the piece be bad -rrb- . I order two unit and both have the same defect from black Friday sale ... just curious ... it be not a big defect , but detract from the overall quality ... think about order a third set to see if it be more than just a coincidence ... or a sale on defective unit ...
GPS	POS	5	I have a etrex vista before the GPSMAP 60c , I have it on the handle bar of my bicycle and ride about 25mph when suddenly it fall off and swing by the wrist strap right in to the fork and get wedge between the tire and the steel . it make a bunch of grind noise and stop I pretty quick . needless to say the case be completely destroy , the fabric be tear and the tire melt the plastic in front of the unit 's screen . when I take out the unit there be not even a scratch . this case be little less accessible but in my opinion , completely worth it .
GPS	POS	5	I have have this gp since August 07 , I love it !! wonder why I do not buy one sooner . I like it so well I buy my parent one for Christmas . it be so easy to use right out of the box . my uncle have a Tom Tom I find it very difficult to use . the garmin be simple !!
GPS	POS	4	I buy this as my first gp from Staples about 6 month ago and be generally very pleased with it . the pre-loaded Navteq map be circa 2005 as best I could tell . some of these unit have the mp3 player\/fm transmitter and some do not , even though the box indicate they all do . I have use this all over the country from Maine to California , and it have be useful and accurate 95-98 % of the time . in Los Angeles it be a near-godsend . I do have a problem in northern Maine , as another writer indicate , the Navteq map be generally lack in that area . this unit be a 12-satellite -lrb- stage 2 -rrb- reciever . customer service seem to be a problem for many , and Staples tell I they have stop sell these unit because they believe the company may be out of business . I find the interface reasonably easy to deal with , and the 4 '' screen size be a large plus versus most basic unit . unit take longer to lock up than a SIRFIII , but I learn to deal with that without much issue . do not speak street name but do prepare driver for turn well with voice command . do not have any battery for those who want a portable unit at time , the ViaMichelin x-930 or other unit do . multiple route choice be good , pous 's be fair . this unit be considerably heftier than many newer small and light GPS 's , but I do not hesitate to put it into check luggage because of its heft . perhaps the best testimony be that when mine be steal , I buy a refurbish unit -lrb- that I hope in fact have the mp3\/fm function -rrb- from a auction vendor , when I could have buy any number of new unit for $ 30 - $ 70 more .
GPS	POS	5	this be my second Garmin 305 and the first last five or six year . the battery need replace which cost almost as much as a new one .
GPS	POS	5	I recently buy a little sport car for jaunt through the countryside with my wife . the one thing it do not have be a compass . know that we would be go to unknown place and area , and have have compass build in to we other vehicle , I be aware of the help the compass could give on back road when you be try to find a road or a place . the aftermarket compass all seem to be quirky at best and completely wrong at worst -lrb- digital or otherwise -rrb- . initially I buy a -lrb- ... -rrb- bubble Bell compass -lrb- suction mount -rrb- . it work -lrb- or do not work -rrb- as mention . so I start do research on the internet . I run across the Garmin StreetPilot c330 during my search . -lrb- ... -rrb- . after read the first 10 review , without totally know what I would be get , I decide to order the c330 -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- from Amazon . still research since I have pick the SuperSaver freight and have a few day before shipment , I find the Garmin website which explain both the c330 and the c340 . I find that the c340 have many of the feature the $ 1000.00 unit have . it have a better map datum base , it tell user the name of the street and it be also capable -lrb- although I will not be use the feature -rrb- of receive traffic datum signal -lrb- with a plug-in adapter and a yearly subscription -rrb- . -lrb- ... -rrb- . I figure that I would try it out and if it do not at least solve the compass problem , I would return the unit to Amazon . so I cancel the order for the c330 and order the c340 , this time pay the $ 6.00 shipping to get it sooner . in the meantime , I download the c340 owner manual -lrb- http:\/\/www.garmin.com\/products\/manual.jsp?product=010-00401-20 -rrb- and quick reference guide to study before it arrive . it look a little too simple to believe it would actually work . -lrb- P.S. Download the manual , because the c340 only come with a Quick Reference Guide ; no manual -rrb- . well , yesterday the c340 show up . it cam in a large enough box to concern I , but that be only to protect it during shipping . once I open the box , I find a sealed package -lrb- envelope -rrb- that say OPEN ME FIRST -rrb- , the windshield mount bracket and the power cord -lrb- 12v -rrb- . I notice right away the on the back of the OPEN ME FIRST envelope it state if THIS PACKAGE be open , the itme be NOT RETURNABLE OTHER THAN for DEFECT . be a old and irritated software buyer , this do not impress I very much . I figure I would return it somehow if it do not stack up . I open the envelope and take out the CD and the usb cable . the direction say to install the CD and have you c340 with the USBN cable ready to plug into you computer . I put the CD in and after a couple of menu screen , the program instruct I to plug in the unit to the computer . then it go through the registration process . it say `` congratulation '' and the program end , have install the usb driver for the c340 on my computer . Garmin have what they call a `` pous loader '' program -lrb- point of interest -rrb- , which you have to download from the Garmin website . I have not find any of these on they website . evidently the usb driver be there for future map update , etc. . in ANY case , I finish with the computer and begin to play with the c340 . I find that I only need to refer to the Owners Manual once or twice . the c340 be incredibly user friendly and allow you to play with it in the house -lrb- it come with charge battery ; which by the way recharge in the car -rrb- . the touch screen be super , clear and quick . I be able to go through a lot of the procedure list in the reference guide with the satellite hookup -lrb- the c340 do that once you get outside -rrb- . so , today be the big day for test the unit . I just have my truck work on and want to test the cruise control . I decide to go to a know location first . when I search for store , the c340 come up with the exact Outlet mall I be go to . once on the screen you just press `` go '' . the unit show you the 2 or 3 dimensional map -lrb- I prefer the 2d map -rrb- and start talk to you . I select English-Jill for the voice since it supposedly speak the name best . I have choose `` shortest route '' instead of `` fastest route '' -lrb- the 2 option the c340 give you -rrb- . without do anything else I intentionally follow `` she '' direction to see how accurate the c340 would be . frankly , I be impressed and amaze . the unit be flawless in get I there -lrb- @ 50 mile -rrb- , even tell I the correct name for road I have be on hundred of time and do not know . once we get to the Outlet mall in good shape , I decide to go to a amish restaurant way out in the country -lrb- 50 mile of small backroad -rrb- . the Garmin c340 do not have the exact place in storage , but it allow you to type in a city and I find a place that be nearby . I figure that if I make it to the actual restaurant , I would use the `` save favorite '' button to put it in the c340 memory . then in the future I would be able to get there from anywhere . this be a super feature of at least the c340 and probably the c330 . when you be at a place that you will want to go to later it be a simple task to save the location , and then the c340 will take you there from anywhere . in any case , I follow the direction the c340 give I and soon we be travel on little country road I have never be on . it show you compass head as you drive , and we be head in approximately the right direction and have all day , so I let the c340 run the show . it show you speed and the estimate time of arrival . it tell I from the beginning that we have about 1 1\/2 hour to drive to get to the restaurant . needless to say , we arrive at the location I have pick -lrb- which be about 1\/2 mile from the restaurant -rrb- in just about that much time . the 2 time I get off track because the road be not marked very well , the c340 recalculate the trip and give I direction to get back on track with a new estimate time of arrival . the unit have a `` detour '' function on it , but I have not find it necessary yet . if you just go another way , the c340 initially try to get you back on track , and then give up and recalculate a new set of direction from you current location to the destination . once at the restaurant , I save the location for future use . now I be ready to go home . before I leave the house , I have program -lrb- not really `` program '' ; its about a 2 step button push -rrb- my HOME . now I just push `` where to '' ; `` Home '' and we be on we way . since I have travel this route many time , I decide to go my regular way -lrb- I be get tired -rrb- , and make the c340 correct any difference . on the way back , there be two instance of `` difference '' . both involve small jog that probably be `` shorter '' by a few foot . I ignore the instruction and within seconds the c340 have make the adjustment to get we back on track . the c340 use almost the EXACT route we always use to get we home . it be flawless . after get home , I decide to go to the store . rather than programming something in , which I -lrb- a -rrb- do not need direction to ; and -lrb- b -rrb- would not save anyway , I just decide to push `` Browse Map '' . this bring up a map show my exact location , compass head and speed . I do lose the satellite for about 30 seconds during this ride -lrb- it show on the screen which stop move also -rrb- . I turn the c340 off and then on , and it find the satellite . I continue on . once do at the store , I push `` Home '' and it give I direction right to my house again . I think enough of this c340 , that I buy another windshield mount and a ac adapter for it -lrb- I find they on ebay -rrb- . I have see complaint for the Garmin case that Amazon sell that it be not big enough . I feel it be too big . I just want a case to contain the main head of theunit , since you do not want to leave it in the windshield when you be out of the car and I want it protect . I find a Sony LCS-CSD Soft Carry Cas for a Cybershot camera that fit the head perfectly -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- at Staples . so far in the 2 day that I have own this unit , I feel that it work great , be simple to operate and I think it be money well spend . it should really be useful this summer for we country road trip . my wife be impress with this gp also . I may get she one for Mother 's day . I have list below information from the Garmin website . you should visit they website and download the manual if you be interested in this gp . one world for the c340 : SUPER Information from the Garmin website -lrb- http:\/\/www.garmin.com\/mobile\/products.html#automotive -rrb- as of 3\/10\/2006 the StreetPilot `` c-series '' gp navigator feature a simple touchscreen interface , with automatic route calculation to any destination and turn-by-turn voice-prompted direction along the way . select a destination be straightforward and require only a limited amount of input from the user . plus , the StreetPilot c320 and StreetPilot c330 allow you to choose between a three-dimensional navigation view or the more traditional `` bird 's eye '' overhead view . for the ultimate out-of-the-box convenience , the StreetPilot c330 come preprogram with highly detail MapSource City Select street datum . the database feature nearly six million point of interest-including hotel , restaurant , gas station , atm , and attraction . -lrb- the c320 come with a 128 mb sd card and a MapSource City Select cd-rom for datum transfer from a pc via a usb connection . -rrb- as a add benefit , you can now import customize point of interest with the help of Garmin 's free pous loader software . the possibility be endless - upload safety camera or school zone , and you will receive a warning if you be travel too fast . in addition , a optional proximity-alert feature notify you of upcome custom poi . the centerpiece of both unit be a bright , 3.5-inch diagonal , 16-bit color display that make navigation a snap . the StreetPilot c330 feature dual integrate speaker for high-quality voice prompt , and a internal lithium-ion battery for out-of-car route planning . the new StreetPilot c-series boast distinctive and sleek styling-the only button be a rotary volume knob and a on\/off switch . the device be secure by a suction-mount cradle that fasten to the windshield for easy portability between vehicle . user can customize they unit 's appearance with a array of color faceplate -lrb- sell separately -rrb- . Garmin part number : 010-00401-10 -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- for domestic US market only -rrb- the StreetPilot c340 provide in-car navigation that be simple for anyone to use directly out of the box . after select a destination from the user-friendly touch screen interface , Garmin 's text-to-speech feature tell user the name of the street , when to turn , and in what direction . if you miss you turn , the c340 automatically calculate a new route to the destination . notification of traffic delay be a c340 option that let driver see congested area via a color-code map . this feature let user avoid traffic by simply push a button that will calculate a new route . this traffic awareness be make possible via the new Garmin GTM 10 TM FM TMC receiver that connect to select Garmin street navigation product . the GTM 10 receive digital datum from specific FM broadcast station in select major metro area throughout the United States and Europe . the StreetPilot c340 come preprogram with highly detail City Navigator  NT street datum of the entire United States , Canada , and Puerto Rico . the database feature nearly six million point of interest-including hotel , restaurant , gas station , atm , and attraction . as a add benefit , you can now import customize point of interest with the help of Garmin 's free pous loader software . the possibility be endless - upload safety camera or school zone , and you will receive a warning if you be travel too fast . in addition , a optional proximity-alert feature notify you of upcome custom poi . the StreetPilot c340 join Garmin 's grow line of automotive gp navigator . it have a bright , 3.5-inch diagonal , tft display with touchscreen ; dual integrated speaker for high-quality voice prompt ; and a internal lithium-ion battery for out-of-car route planning . the StreetPilot c-series boast distinctive and sleek styling-the unit ' only button be a rotary volume knob and a on\/off switch . the device be secure by a suction-mount cradle that fasten to the windshield , for easy portability between vehicle . user can customize they unit 's appearance with a array of color faceplate -lrb- sell separately -rrb- . Garmin part number : 010-00401-20 -lrb- ... -rrb-
GPS	POS	4	I love the Nuvi 350 GPS . I use it frequently and it always find the best way possible . the only draw-back be its usage when in town , especially near hi-rise building , or under overpass or on\/under bridge etc -- where it be lose its navigation and the car in the GPS picture start swirl and swing like a drunk without a purpose and you end up miss exit and turn . otherwise it be well worth the price and I will happily continue to use it .
GPS	POS	4	the i3 be great for whatever you need be . the screen be quite small but it do the job . Great for travel and slapping in a rental car .
GPS	POS	5	everyone who drive a car should have one of these . I be so very pleased with it . I plug it in and start to use it immediately , when I receive it . it be very easy to use and certainly make my life less complicated . I be directionally challenge but I can find any town or address with it .
GPS	POS	5	vacation in Va beach be great ! my Garmin 1350 do not let we down . take we be we want . save time . make it fun to travel without the frustration of try to get diresction . I would recommend this product unit to anyone . 1350 , portable gp be really amazing . good price for what you get .
GPS	POS	5	this unit do everything Garmin say it will do and do it flawlessly . battery draw down time be very exceptable even in cold weather . we have get it soaked with snow and ice . the first day we have it I hide twelve gift in deep wood in a twenty acre area . I set waypoint for each gift and erase my track . even in fast fall , blow , and drift snow my kid where able to navigate to all twelve gift within a hour . what a blast . I strongly recommend add Garmins Mapsource City Navigator for on road adventure . the unit give extremely accurate on road direction -lrb- in print-no voice -rrb- and seem very up to date at least for we area in Wisconsin . I also purchase the optional external antenne for my vehicle , which be perfect . the unit even receive well next to a window without the external antenne , at least in fairly open area . even in severe weather and cloud cover it seem accurate within about twelve foot . I really can not say enough good about this gp . it be slightly more expensive than some of the lesser unit , but WELL worth the cost .
GPS	POS	4	very easy to use distance watch for tech challenge runner like I . I want a watch that be comfortable on the wrist , easy to see and even easier to calibrate . the 110 fit my need very well . have not use the heart rate monitor yet but that be just a ` nice ' to have , not ` need ' to have . I run along the beachfront and just want a gp product that give I basically time and distance . period . about the only I do not care for be the extra step and button I have to manipulate just to turn it off when the run be do . but if that be the extent of my discontent , then I be a happy camper . would recommend this particular gps-enabled watch in a heartbeat .
GPS	POS	5	this be buy for we motorhome and be simply great to use . the sand bag hold we GPS unit and it do not move even on a rough road . a great purchase for sure .
GPS	POS	5	this be my second Garmin Nuvi product -lrb- my previous model be a 255 -rrb- and the feature of the new model make it a pleasure to use . there be still some problem with the mapping and pous datum , but they be get better . I would highly recommend the Garmin Nuvi 1450LMT to anyone search for a first or replacement gp unit .
GPS	POS	5	product arrive in timely fashion and be as describe . would do business again . my husband find the device easy to read while run which be of utmost importance because he do require reading glass for most thing of this nature . it be also very accurate ! great training device for runner .
GPS	NEU	3	unfortunately , I live in the stick and have no close access to play with any gp unit before I purchase one ... so I have to rely on mail order . thank goodness for Amazon . like : - Quick Satellite retrieval - show lat , Long , and altitude -lrb- you have to find this menu -rrb- - many point of interest available - small and easy to carry around , but big enough to see while drive . - Easy to navigate the menu system - decent battery life - it have be report that topographic map can be upload to this machine use the expertgp software by a third party company . I have not try this yet , but I like the idea as I hike a lot . dislike : - Garmin be a nickel and dime you to death company . I understand have to make a profit , but older unit come with pc software this unit do not ... ... no Software for pc include to plot trip and later upload to the unit . for $ 100 more you can buy this software . - you can only save one route at a time . you can save up to 500 waypoint , but only one route . - you have to pop the antenna up in order for it to acquire satellite . so it do not fit nicely in you hand if you decide to use it hiking . -lrb- yes - I know that it be make for automotive usage , but it can be convert easily as a hand hold unit with of course purchasing software for it -rrb- . - no easy battery change out without break into the unit . these modify cell phone lithium type battery typically last a year and I `` m sure Garmin have make the battery proprietary and it will cost the price of a new unit to change out . only conjecture here -lrb- when that time come I 'll hack into it as it will be out of warranty - I be a do it yourself kind of guy -rrb- - m Vista file transfer be painfully slow act like a usb 1.1 compliant unit . I back up the file from my Nuvi to Vista . 1.36 gb take 1 hour and after it time out a couple of time . on the other hand Ubuntu Linux transfer be extremely quick - 1.36 gb take 5 minute . I be not sure if this be a Garmin issue or a Windows vista issue since it be snappy on my Ubuntu machine . most likley vista driver issue . - map be outdate . I work in my county court house which be 8 year old and it be not on the map . the road to my house be 8 year old and it be not on the map . so I will have to update the map software ad cross my finger that I can locate myself : -rrb- I be sure this will cost money for a update ? the interesting thing be that business appear update . hmm ... county municipality be not show , but a business that be 1-2 year old be . I wonder if Garmin make money from put private business on they map first and road come secondary ? I call Garmin to see if the unit be suppose to come with the pc software . they state that the unit contain internal software and I can program it by use the unit . I jokingly state do you know how long it will take my fat finger to program this small unit ? I be then tell I could purchase the software for my pc . I say for the price of the unit I just assume it come with software . again I be tell that it be build in , but I can purchase the same software for $ 100 to run on my pc . Garmin have not fully win I over unless I can find some nice cheap shareware\/freeware to hack into this unit and make it functional to link up to my pc for map sequence . I 'll play with this unit a few day and see if it grow on I if not it go back and I will buy something cheaper that will do the same thing . do not get I wrong ... I like the unit and it be sturdy , its just lack update map and no pc software to plot you course to upload to the unit which I believe a unit this expensive should have .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this mount for my 2006 Pontiac Vibe . I have try all the other `` non-permanent '' mount out there - suction cup to the window , something that sit on a heavy base . over time they all end up fall down , and never `` stick '' like they be suppose to again . when I buy my new Iphone , I want something that would enable I to easily access my music while in the car -lrb- or the function of Siri hands-free -rrb- . the Mountek mt5000 do the trick . I have have no problem , and it be be the best purchase I have make for my car . I be easily able to access my phone , and the mount stay tight . because of the way my dash be set up , the mount do cover the lcd display of my CD player , but since I be mainly use the phone for music , that be not much of a problem -lrb- only a little annoying if I want to change radio station preset or see what FM frequency I be on , but that be not Mountek 's fault -rrb- . I also have to mention that they customer service be top notch - I have a question about the mount , and I receive a email immediately . seriously , if you be look for a way to mount you phone , and you do not mind cover you cd player , consider Mountek . it be worth every penny .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this gpsr a couple of month ago primarily for geocach . I be use a very low end Garmin but be tire of the paperwork and be want to go `` paperless '' with my geocaching . I be glad I make the purchase . the unit have a little weight to it but feel good and secure in the hand with the rubber coating on the outside . it certainly have a rugged feel that inspire confidence while out trek through a trail . screen size : Screen size be good and bright enough to use in full sunlight . Touchscreen : it take I a bit to get use to the touch screen . I have become spoil to the slick use of the touchscreen on Apple product and the 510 be `` clunky '' in comparison . with time I be get better at use it , but it be no ipad or itouch that be for sure . menu : the menu option be excellent . for those who be upgrade so they can go `` paperless '' with they geocaching , you will be in Heaven . what you need , when you need it while out there tromp around look for that ellusive cache . very satisfy to click the smiley face to log a `` find '' while still stand at Ground Zero . the menu path be definitely different than the button drive one of the Garmin but once I become accustomed it make sense and be very useful . Satelite Connectivity : excellent ! the 510 obtain connection very quickly and seem to doggedly hold it even when under a tree canopy . this may be my favorite attribute of this unit . Compass : to be honest I have not use it enough to give a good opinion . the more expensive explorist unit -lrb- 610 and 710 I believe -rrb- supposedly have a better one but it have be a non-issue for I . battery use : I have find the 510 to be pretty frugal on the use of my battery . however when I decide to take the plunge in to paperless geocach I go ahead and buy some rechargeable battery . they be realy not that expensive and definitely cheaper in the long run . downside : at first I find myself fumble around with the Magellan menu and touchscreen . it require a few day to get use to it and become comfortable navigate the menu . one downside I have find be that when I want to scroll the screen around I accidentally `` set '' a waypoint and the screen center on that . irritating , but easily correct . I be hope to find a setting that allow I to remedy this issue . also I have have the unit lock up on I three or four time . the fix be to take the battery out and let the unit reset . then reset the cache you want as you waypoint . not a deal breaker on this unit but definitely irritating . a friend of mine have the same issue with the 510 but have solve it with a download suggest by Magellan . I 'll definitely do that as well . overall : I do not regret this purchase in the slightest . I now wonder how I make it without the 510 and for the price it be a great way to switch to paperless caching . I would definitely recommend this unit for purchase .
GPS	POS	5	it be true that it do not work great near skyscraper . other then that , it be great .
GPS	POS	5	the garmin be a great product for document you training and more importantly it be easy to use .
GPS	POS	5	Got this for my wife who be get more into run . she be always ask I to estimate how far she run . not any more ! the 205 work great . have some bell and whistle on it but the basic screen of elapsed time , pace , and distance be all that be truly need . one slight draw back be the software that come with it . it be great except the map use to review the course that be run be very basic and unhelpful . it will show a loop where you run but the map only show the highway and interstate . I think it would have the local street . . you can get this map addition for $ 80 - $ 100 . overall very pleased ...
GPS	POS	5	this be my first GPS unit . while I generally avoid read the direction to anything , I decide to actually sit down and read the owner 's manual , which I find very easy to follow . after 15-20 minute I have figure all the function out . several very cool feature be : 1 -rrb- you can use the built-in digital compass even when the unit be turn off . 2 -rrb- the unit have several layer of functionality . the most basic or initial layer allow you to access the unit 's key function -lrb- altimeter , barometer , current position , etc. -rrb- by hit just one button . then , if you want to delve deeper into a particular function , you can . for example , when deal with waypoint I can keep it simple and , by push only one button , see my `` home '' waypoint -lrb- and its exact direction and distance from my present position -rrb- . but , if I want to get more complicated , I can -lrb- through a few more button -rrb- access my other waypoint , or upload\/download waypoint to\/from my computer . I use the gp with electronic USGS map program -lrb- the cd-rom verson by all Topo Maps -rrb- . at first , it take time -lrb- and a careful reading of the instruction -rrb- , but I can not imagine own a gp unit and not synch it with actual map . you can plot you course by set waypoint on the electronic map , then `` sync '' the GPS , and now you can follow the waypoint on the gp to go exactly where you need to go . I actually go on a long motorcycle ride , plug in waypoint while we be ride , and then once I get home , I could see exactly where and how far we road after I synce the gp with the map software . I can not wait to try it sail this summer . the only negative I have be that the GPS unit automatically set the clock to central standard time -lrb- where I live -rrb- , but the time do not seem to reflect daylight savings .
GPS	POS	5	I decide to buy this small gp for several reason , and be not disappoint . I carefully read all customer review of all unit available , and dollar for dollar , this unit be consistantly rate best of breed . within minute of put in the battery , this unit be up and run . this be my first GPS , but I could not imagine something so small and easy to use . it may not have a large screen , or it may not give you the name of the street to turn on , but so what . the voice direction be loud and clear , they be accurate and timely , and if you really need to look at the screen , it be sharp and clear . I immediately set up direction to friend 's home I always get lose try to find , and add they to the favorite list . I set the type of vehicle to car\/motorcycle , and set the mapping for speed , not shortness of distance . the clickwheel be superfast , and make touchscreen unnecessary . the preloaded map be great , and I suspect I will not have to update they for quite a while . and it be fun-my wife like it so much that she have take it and will not give it back . the other night , we want to eat at a restaurant we have not be to before , so we click where to ? , then food\/hotels , then pick the kind of food we want , choose a new restaurant , then click navigate ... it take we there , we have a great time , and then it take we home . we try to get lose to test it , but it keep get we back on track towards home , no matter how hard we try to fool it . this be one heck of a unit for the money !! one more thing ... Amazon consistantly have the best price and delivery service on this unit , so do not waste you time look anywhere else .
GPS	NEU	3	the unit itself be very nice look and the wide screen be definitely a plus . the reason , I return the unit be that Motorola charge for map . only the first update be free . there be another GUI issue where the scroll arrow and the button to delete the entry in the Road Trip menu be super impose over each other . thus , you can not delete the entry , because you would be hit the scroll arrow sit on top of it . you have to scroll the entry so it be exactly in the middle so you can touch the delete icon . they have some usability issue they have to work thru for the user Interface .
GPS	POS	5	I be a Realtor , so I be always go to new place , and down street that I be unfamiliar with . I guess you could say that on any give day i be show 8 different house in different location . no problem , I just punch in where I want to go and I be there , easy . I 'll break down some of my likes vs. dislike : like : - when I be sit in traffic , I can either hit the detour and it will pick a new route - or I can just look at the overview of the GPS mapping itself , and look for parallel side street . - there be nothing I hate more as a realtor than have the street sign miss for a street . not a problem anymore ! rain , snow , nighttime , I can always see the street come up on the unit , too . I do not have to squint to see the upcoming street sign -lrb- my eye be horrible -rrb- . - if you miss a turn on you program route , the unit will automatically refresh with the best new route . - if I be in a county over from I , I can pull up food , gas , ATM 's , hotel , etc. and it will find the closest one , or I can search by name . - the unit show you you speed , distance to you destination , distance you have go , minute sit idle -lrb- in traffic -rrb- , avg . mile per hour for the trip , and destination time . the destination time be important to I when I have to be at a meeting ... I 'll know how long it will take I to get there , and it be pretty accurate . - it will give you a voice command to `` turn right in 300 ft '' , or `` turn right and then stay leave '' for example . Easy to hear . - I always drive with little fuel -lrb- I be always on ` e ' -rrb- . I love push the fuel icon and it list all the nearest gas station and they distance , location , and phone number -lrb- call for fuel price if bore on a trip -rrb- . it will also map for you how to get there . - it also have , ATM 's , restaurant -lrb- you can search by ` type ' of food - and it will have phone # 's -rrb- , or you can just punch in the letter - like WALMART for example . - no problem lock onto satellite , in any type of weather . - it have a internal battery , so when you turn you car off to put gas in , it 'll stay on & keep you current destination on . - want to stay on MAIN road in unfamiliar territory ? go to ` option ' and tell the unit you be a semi-truck instead of a car . - the quickest route be the default , but you can switch to shortest -lrb- in mile -rrb- . dislike : - I wish it would tell you when to turn a little earlier . it normally tell you to turn left or turn right in 300ft , but this may be difficult in heavy traffic . - do not give x axis or y axis coordinate . no altitude , either . - you have to take it out of you car when you park -lrb- or lock in glove box -rrb- everywhere you go , so it will not get steal . of course this would be a drawback for any portable unit . be you really go to find a unit that do all of this for under $ 300 ? I have search for the last 3 month and have not find a better unit for the price .
GPS	POS	4	buy it as a gift to my husband he love it . no complaint after use it several time other then sometimes it lose sattelite during he run and it cause it to act a little whacky for a few minute .
GPS	NEU	3	nice unit for the money . however I buy the Lifetime Maps model , but actually receive the standard model . pay $ 50 for the v43 update in August 2011 , and now it be time to pay again . actually I would rather buy a new unit that really do have lifetime map .
GPS	POS	5	be able to buy a new 3790t , locally for $ 363 , over the weekend . I go on a 500-mile trip through large and small city . find it to work better than the 1690 and 765 . more precise . faster . very please with the unit ... so far . I 'll provide more detail later .
GPS	POS	5	purchase the 305 when I finally get feed up with the runkeeper app force closing on my droid . I love be able to glance at my wrist and see my pace . I live in the middle of nowhere and it have only `` lose '' satellite when I go into a brick building at a nature center . once i be back outside it pick up quickly and I continue my run . I have not use all the feature yet but love have it . Pretty neat to use the heart rate monitor too . battery cover on the monitor do chafe -lrb- instruction book tell you this -rrb- , need to use lube , I keep tuck my tshirt under it lol . will not be use the monitor often , but still a neat feature . Great little gadget : -rrb-
GPS	POS	4	I buy the Garmin 680 because to save time -- time lose when find a location and time lose when rot in traffic . the other feature be more like a bonus to I . the 680 be excellent at navigation and its screen be super bright and readable even in the Arizona sun . the screen also respond well to my touch , to my surprise . the voice prompt be nice as well as be many of the configurable navigation option . now for the bad . I be most frustrated with the MSN Direct part . it be more of a after thought than a smoothly integrate feature . the problem with the MSN Direct feature be well document : - require the FM Adapter so you can only use it in the car - datum update -lrb- especially traffic -rrb- can take up to 10 minute or more . keep in mind when you start the car that you have no traffic datum , so by time you hit the freeway , you may not have the datum . - the MSN Direct overlay icon be small and unclear . - the MSN Direct info only overlay on the lame map instead of the primary map . - the Garmin route algorithm do not factor in traffic when route a optimal route . -lrb- note it do factor in road closure . -rrb- I really need that traffic datum since there be multiple route in Phoenix area . when the traffic datum be there , it have be pretty accurate thankfully . the good news be that about 90 % of the time that I need traffic datum , it be there . as for the gas datum , some people argue that this datum pay for the MSN Direct subscription so it be worth it . Bah ! my observation be that the cheapest gasoline station consistently remain as the cheapest gas station . and when you can find a cheaper one , it be out of the way not worth the time to get to it . if you can afford the price for this unit , then you be probably more interested in save time and not save $ 0.04 a gallon by drive 10 minute out of the way . I would really like to see Garmin pipe the traffic , gas , etc. datum over satellite or cellular instead of FM . anyway , I doubt I 'll renew my MSN Direct unless they give I a nice deal . a few other complaint ... if you load up a fast memory card -lrb- 2gig -rrb- with mp3 , this unit take a super long time to show you the initial map . why would not garmin give priority to the navigation and then worry about mp3 afterwards ? the point of interest as also miss a lot of established business . I would also like to see a better pedestrian mode such as show a trail that you walk -lrb- great for return from a hike -rrb- . in the end , for automobile navigation , the Garmin be a great product . they need to think through some of they little feature and also figure out how to better integrate real-time datum like traffic however . with rumor of Apple thinking of add navigation to the iPhone , Garmin need to step it up and offer apple-like usability in all area or they be go to get smoke .
GPS	POS	4	the GPS be fine . it would have earn 5 star execept the device that be suppose to keep it on the windshield be junk . it keep fall off . we call Garmin and they send a replacement . it work for about a month and it too would not hold and fall off . after call again they acknowledge that other user have have the same problem . they be now send we a `` bean bag '' to sit on the dash . it be a shame that a low tech device be kill the overall performace of a otherwise great high tech item .
GPS	POS	4	for the money I do not think you can do better than the Garmin c330 have to offer . I purchase a couple and return of other prior to come back to this unit and for ease of use and accuracy , nothing beat it . the only knock I have on it be it be size compare to some of the other with the same size screen . it would be much easier on air travel if you could pack it away in you laptop case like some of the other . I recently use it on a vacation which involve several move to different place on the west coast and this thing be a super time saver , not to mention the tension of plot out you trip and try to make head or tail out of those internet provide drive direction .
GPS	NEG	1	we buy this for my teenage son , who be want to know how far he would run each day . after 2 month , he have be able to use it 3 time . it will not keep a charge . I charge it and by the next time he want to use it , it be not charge anymore . and of course , when I go to see about return it , Amazon say that we can not because the return window be go . not good . still have to get in touch with customer service , and hopefully they can give I some guidance for use it and a way to keep the charge .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin i3 be exactly what I be look for in a GPS unit ... small , easy to use , reliable and accurate . the StreetPilot software be simple to install on my pc and be current up to about 2005 . I notice some store and restaurant over a year old be not available . however , you can download Points of interest from various 3rd party internet site to update some missing location . if you plan on travel throughout the US I would suggest purchase a larger memory card . the supply 128mb card will only hold about 7-10 state map . overall I be very pleased with my purchase .
GPS	NEU	3	if you do a search for frozen 1490t , you 'll find some unsettling result . Mine freeze . I be able to unfreeze it , but it be a 2.5 hour ordeal . if you need a reliable gp immediately before a big trip , this may not be the GPS for you . the trick be to get the software update from 4.4 to 4.9 as soon as possible to minimize the risk of a frozen gp . other than that , work as advertise . one other disappointment be that lifetime traffic mean lifetime traffic sponsor by advertisement `` pop up '' on the GPS . not cool .
GPS	POS	4	I be a certified Home Health Aide for the visit Nurses Association of Central Jersey . my territory cover all of Monmouth County . there have be time in the middle of my day that a call from the office have change my schedule and my path of travel . a hard copy of travel direction be cumbersome , inflexible , and actually dangerous to read as I be drive . the Garmin StreetPilot have make my assignment so much easier to reach without the fear of get lose .
GPS	POS	4	I like the larger screen , it be good to know the arrival time , I like the speed ware part , it be not good at cancel a destination if you change you mind .
GPS	POS	5	actually , I buy this product as a gift to a friend . my household own 2 of these -lrb- both buy from Amazon -rrb- and I love it because it never fail to get I where to go , despite the fact that the `` lady '' give I the annoyed `` ugh , recalculate ! '' lol phrase . I also feel more secure when I have my Garmin because I know it will always get I home ! it be easy to use , it find restaurant -lrb- yay ! -rrb- wherever we may be . we even take one of we unit to South Africa and Namibia and use it during we road trip . very cool and practical gadget to have !! BTW , my latest purchase be deliver promptly .
GPS	NEU	3	I recently purchase a Magellan 3030-LM from Amazon which , as the model number imply , include Lifetime Map update . unfortunately for I , I could not read the `` fine print '' on the product box , as no where on the Amazon product page or product description do it say that I must use m Windows VISTA or Windows 7 base pc to get Lifetime Map update . so , if you use any flavor of Linux or Mac you be out of luck get the update , unless you want to hike to the nearest friend , relative , library , or other place where you can borrow a m Windows VISTA or Windows 7 computer to do you map update . the product as a whole seem to be good . I be impress with the screen size , the touch screen function and clarity . the unit seem to function well , hard to really say after only 3 hour , but I be dismay when I begin the recommend immediate update only to find that I could not without jump through hoop . I contact Magellan 800 # technical support and while they apologize , they be all but helpful . I do get to speak to a manager , who again apologize , but only lead I to believe that Magellan know this problem exist with non-windows user , and could only say that she would report my concern . 12\/20\/2010 Update : I drag my Magellan 3030-LM to a windoze base system , be able to log in and find that while I should run update , no update be available as my gp already have the most recent version -lrb- actually newest available -rrb- already install . other than the windoze requirement , the gp seem to work well . I only have a couple issue that concern I . the map datum list road that should not be travel -lrb- 4th class or lower -rrb- and some road that do not exist or have not exist for year . I live in rural Vermont and we have many 4th class road , that be accessible maybe during some summer month and then only with a 4wd vehicle . other road have be `` throw up '' or discontinue . the map still show they , 30 plus year later . no wonder people stop by my house ask how to get to certain road . they be follow they gp . I specifically test my unit where I know it might tell I to go on a non existent road , and sure enough , it do . my warning to you be , if the road look like it be get rougher and narrower , turn around now ! another issue with the map be there have be road change here in Vermont , as elsewhere , where the road bed no longer follow the path show on the map . I travel a road yesterday , that be change nearly 15 year ago , and the GPS think I be off the road somewhere , dance around look for a way to return to a normal path , tell I to make a legal u-turn as soon as I could . while I be sure the map folk be do a fine job , there do not seem to be a way to report to they that they map have some bug . lastly , there be one irritating issue I have . I do not like the sound on when I be on known road , and I be just try to locate a address . I can see well enough so I mute the sound . well , for some odd reason , while the speaker show that it be muted , every now and then I will get annoying verbal instruction . this also happen yesterday , as I be travel home . I end up turn the GPS off . 12\/27\/2010 receive a microsd -lrb- sandisk -rrb- 2gb card as a gift . the Magellan Roadmate 3030 seem to know it be there , as each time I turn the gp on it warn `` Supplementary Content Detected - to access content , a restart be require '' ... but a restart will not cause it to remember that the sd card be add . also , there do not seem to be a way to access the card once install ... read and re-read download `` user manual '' from Magellan and find no useful sd information or instruction . 08\/09\/2011 Magellan Content Manager tell I that there be update available for my unit with Lifetime Maps . I connect and Content Manger tell I there be a software and a map update from 41 to 43 available . I tell Content Manager to update , and it proceed to download and install a software update to the unit . I be then instruct by Content Manager to unplug my unit and it would automatically reboot , which it do and it appear to have install a update . I then connect my unit back to the pc and rerun Content Manager and it tell I there be a `` Free '' no cost -rrb- map update from 41 to 43 . I tell Content Manager to update which it start to download . somewhere in the process it come up `` fail '' and I be instruct that I must reinstall old update , which appear to happen automatically as my system say that it have map 41 . however , when I try to connect and update the map , which be available , it now tell I I must `` buy '' they , which be ludicrous as I have a Lifetime map unit . somewhere in the process Magellan record or they Content Manager be mess up . I have try to contact Magellan , but they be only available 6am to 5pm pst\/pdt , so now I must wait until tomorrow to try and call they . in the mean time I have send a email , hope that someone there might read it before I call and initiate a email response or telephone call . I be become less enthusiastic about this unit as time go by . 9\/20\/2011 follow my previous update , I be finally able to contact Magellan support and they do respond and I be able to talk to a technician who walk I through a rest that would allow the full map update to occur . however , once the update be in place , the main feature of the rm3030 that I use most frequently , the ability to set multi-stop destination and optimize the trip , be break . I could no longer add destination from my address book , the check mark to add the destination have disappear after the software update . after multiple email to Magellan they determine that it be hardware related and I be instruct to send my unit back for repair\/replacement . after several day , I receive word that repair be not a option and that they would replace my unit with a brand new one and they would install the software and map update prior to shipment to I . that be say , I wait and the replacement come today . I restore my address book to the new unit and immediately try to create a multiple stop route use address in my address book . no go ! I immediately call support and get a technician right away and after nearly a hour on the phone I have he try the same step on a 3030 and he duplicate my problem and it be finally determine that there be indeed probably a software issue with version 4.82 and it would affect any user of the 3030 use multi-stop destination route from the address book . I be now go to have to wait to see if there will be a quick software resolution or not . will keep you post . 11\/4\/2011 receive word on Content Manager that a update be available -lrb- 64mb -rrb- . it appear to be a software version update 4.91 . so I download and install with no problem . however , check update against my previous issue show that there be no fix to the multi-stop problem and road and address that I have note in the past year be still miss . a road down the street from I that be construct last year appear , but a friend who live in VA at the same address for over 5 year , they road and whole development do not appear . I be begin to question the sanity of buy this unit . I now have another GPS , a Garmin etrex Vista HCx hand hold which be truly amazing for its size . while I do not have lifetime map update on it , I have find that it be more accurate on many of the local road than my Magellan with recently update map . it also , I have find , have a multi-stop feature , that while not as slick as the suppose one in the Magellan , work quite well . will be look at a Garmin car pnd in the future . I have find a possible store that I may possibly `` test drive '' some unit before purchase . on another note , I contact AAA and there be a update available for the AAA Tour map that you can get if you be a aaa member . just log into the aaa site near you , and go to -lrb- ... -rrb- where if you look closely you will find by a couple of mouse click a free download that should update the AAA info to 8\/2011 datum . March 7 , 2012 : Update after much thought , I be look for another pnd . while the Magellan 3030-LM appear to fill my need , after the `` upgrade '' that break the multi-stop destination feature , and the fact after another update , the problem be not fix , I be look again . to sum up the 3030-LM , the multi-stop function be the main drawing card , which no longer work . add to that the fact that LifeTime map be not current or accurate make it less appealing . have a micro-sd slot that be there but not intend to work be a real drawing card . and finally , to put the frosting on the cake , I go to back up my address book , and it be no longer a option in the current version of Content Manager ! so even if I stay with Magellan , I could not transfer my address to a new unit . so long Magellan !
GPS	POS	5	I have get my i3 for six month now . other than the occasional hard-freeze -lrb- require the removal of car adapter power and open the battery compartment door to kill power and restart -rrb- and also some inaccuracy in the map datum -lrb- I do not attribute this issue to the unit per se but the datum provider -rrb- , the unit have be well worth every cent I pay for it . I live in Seattle , but I take my i3 along with I to Cabo San Lucas in Mexico -lrb- about 2000 mile away -rrb- , and also to Singapore -lrb- over 8000 mile away ! -rrb- , and in both case , the unit be able to figure out where it be after it take well over 10 minute acquire satellite . it just do not have the correct datum to work in those place . Thought that be something fun to know .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this before a trip to California that take we to San Francisco , San Jose , Santa Cruz , Lake Tahoe and Yosemite NP . this be the first time we do not plan any segment of a trip , or print drive direction . therefore it be a big risk , especially for someone suspicious of technology . after the trip , I have to admit this device have spoil I . all those thought that get I stressed while drive , e.g. , `` which direction be I drive ? '' , `` what be the name of that street ? '' etc. , be go . toward the end of the trip I be make turn without even check the name of the street . if I miss a turn , it would reroute very fast . I be a little nervous about how it would work in the wilderness of Yosemite , but it be accurate throughout . even the rapidly fluctuate speed limit on the wind mountain road -lrb- e.g. , 45 to 25 to 35 to 20 to 35 etc -rrb- be accurately display . I do not know how well it will work in future trip elsewhere , but base on this one long trip I highly recommend this device . I can not wait to take it to we next trip .
GPS	POS	5	great screen love the large 5 '' easy to use better touch screen that the 3.5 '' that I replace . love the lane exit feature . I have not have a chance to take a trip with it but I know that it will do great .
GPS	POS	4	I use a Garmin 765T for many year but the cost of update the map be only slighly less than buy a new unit so I opt to purchase this nuvi2360 . physically the unit be similar so I can reuse the friction dash mount pad on the new unit . my only complaint be that the new unit be not as bright as the old one . the reason be that the color scheme frey street on white background of the 765 be not among the choice for the 2360 . overall , the unit work well although the route be something strange .
GPS	POS	4	I be pleasently surprise after use this unit . I read some horror story from some reviewer after I have already orderd it and even think about cancel . all you have to do be read the manual -lrb- which be short and concise -rrb- before you start and you should have absoloutly no problem . I read some review which complain of shoddy construction . not true ! the map that ship with the unit be work great although they be ship the newest map to I for free . for anyone that do any travel in Europe , this gp come pre-loaded with all of the european map as well as Canada and the US .
GPS	POS	5	purchase this for my wife , who have trade in a vehicle with built-in navigation for a new vehicle that do not offer a built-in option . I have also have several vehicle with built-in navigation , include BMW , Mercedes-Benz , Audi , and Lexus . from a performance perspective , the Nuvi 350 work every bit as well as the built-in unit and at a very low price -lrb- comparitively -rrb- . the only `` nit '' that I can pick be : 1 . -rrb- I wish the navigation announcement could be louder - they can easily be drown out by radio or cd , and unlike built-in system the Nuvi can not interrupt the audio . 2 . -rrb- the power cord should be on a retract reel , like many accessory for laptop computer . as it be , the long cord be a little clumsy . but overall , the Nuvi 350 be a winner .
GPS	POS	4	Works as advertise . do what it be suppose to do . can not beat the price . it only cost I 1 cent plus a couple dollar shipping . it protect my Garmin GPS when I be not use it .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin nuvus 350 be a great gp for the money . it be very easy to use and have great feature . we buy it to give to we oldest son as he be leave for college , which give we peace of mind as parent . I highly recommend it . Dan -lrb- Kansas City , MO -rrb-
GPS	POS	4	I use the Garmin 305 to go trail run in area where tree branch cover the trail 80 % or so , and the new GPS chip in the 305 do a good job of tracking . the software problem that cause the original delay in the unit shipping apparently be not fully solve ; I have already download one firmware update from Garmin . elevation change be not track as accurately as they could be when use the desktop software that ship with the Garmin , but when upload my result to the free www.motionbased.com site -lrb- recently purchase by Garmin -rrb- , the elevation-related statistics become much more accurate when use the ` auto-correct ' and ` gravity ' feature of motionbased . E.g. , on a recent long run , Garmin 's desktop TrainingCenter say I gain and lose 2,800 foot of elevation but motionbased take the same raw datum and say I only gain and lose 1,800 foot -lrb- much closer to reality -rrb- . the calorie metric produce by the unit be also WAY off , but this appear to be a known issue per various website and I suspect a software\/firmware update will fix it later . otherwise , the desktop software and free motionbased.com site be awesome and I love the unit . highly recommend .
GPS	NEG	1	be sell as a accessory but it be not need because there be one already include in the gp box . return it .
GPS	NEG	2	I purchase a Garmin Nuvi 2460 GPS and buy this case for protection . I be not impress with this case as it be very loose fitting ; I could easily place two gp receiver in the case . there be some padding in the case , but because of the loose fit and the thin amount of padding I would not count on this offering much protection from drop . it be useful for store the GPS in a backpack as it do protect the gp from get scratch up from other item in the backpack .
GPS	POS	5	absolutely deliver what any direction-challenged person would ever need ! great database of restaurant , bar , hotel , etc. and have save I time on many road trip .
GPS	NEG	1	this be the first time I have ever write a review on any product , I be use my third Garmin 3790 LMT as the first two blank out within two week and I have only have this last replacement unit for one week . this be a very unreliable product and I do not believe Garmin have the technology to actually produce this unit to function dependably ; the concept be fine other than the ad that pop up and the traffic warning that be never actuate . I believe Garmin have good product , but this be not one of they . I rate this as a do not buy ! Trust what other be say and avoid this gp .
GPS	POS	5	OUTSTANDING !!!! with the 28db gain on the antenna -lrb- 3db = double the signal -rrb- ; I be travel on the interstate @ the lowest part of a tunnel -lrb- where I usually lose the gp signal -rrb- , with this antenna ... still strong signal , pick up both side of the tunnel which be separate by thick cement wall , the water & surrounding land mass . however ... the description do NOT tell you that the cable be only 9 ' long . order the extension cable ; NOT COMPATIBLE . have to call Gilsson directly to order the same radome -lrb- antenna -rrb- with a 25 ' cable on it . $ 39.95 + S&H; , go with the windshield mount $ 4.95 -lrb- with suction cup -rrb- , level it & work great . in the ramparage -lrb- usually lose signal 5 ' into it ... be able to track myself even @ the innermost part of the structure . just do a little more research before you buy .
GPS	POS	5	I have about 15 run on it so far . I use it at lease 3 time a week . almost everyone everyone in my run group -lrb- desert dash -rrb- have on . will not go wrong with this one .
GPS	NEU	3	it take about 5 minute to acquire the satellite . the accuracy be average - not bad , but it be not good . if you have money to spend , go with the Garmin 's newer model 310xt . it be much faster and much more accurate compare to this model .
GPS	NEU	3	the graphic on this device be much sharper and color much better than previous version I have own -lrb- Nuvi 660 be the last -rrb- . that make the display interface more invite although the map display seem pretty much the same -lrb- albeit better resolution -rrb- . the voice pronunciation be significantly improve over previous model . it be more fluid and street be pronounced much better . the fact that it can be use in `` portrait '' mode be great ... I like see further ahead on my route when I want to . I also love the customization of the display info on the map to include thing like mileage remain or altitude or time remain or time to turn or direction etc. . all these thing be much better than previous model ... in fact a order of magnitude better . I find the voice recognition to be pretty good give the noisy environment of a car -lrb- turn off you radio when you talk and it work even better ! -rrb- . however , the number of command control by voice be very limited . you can not pan and zoom use voice and you can not switch to the `` datum '' screen from the map -lrb- but you can go the other way -rrb- . they should make a lot more of the command available by voice but just zoom in\/out would be a major major improvement for `` hand free '' use . the major disappointment for I be in the route . I drive from Houston to San Antonio and back four time a month . it be 200 mile each way of which 189 mile be on Interstate 10 . I have one stoplight each way . my nuvus 660 -lrb- and daughter 270w -rrb- both route I along i-10 for 189 mile . unfortunately , this device have I exit off the highway at one exit and get right back on after go through the intersection . this make absolutely no sense . I estimate there be 30 instance of this . I have try change the preference for route and that help some but it still want I to get off . I think that for some reason it want I to take us90 rather than i-10 but clearly that would be foolish . also , leave home , it send I six block up , one block over and five block back to get on the highway so you drive right past the very street it put you back on later -- and it even recognize they be interconnect . it also can not direct I to my home but admittedly it be hard to get to my place because it be right next to a huge urban interchange and the road be hard to map . nevertheless , you buy a gp for route and this do a very poor job . I can not recommend the traffic reporting . it do not see any of the traffic directly in front of I but it do for accident 70 or 100 mile out . not very useful . also , the killer for this be that I pay a huge amount of money for this device but apparently they insist on sell advertising on the traffic display -lrb- how much do they make ? one or two cent ?? -rrb- . this be suppose to show the sign above the highway interchange but it only do it once . since then , no joy ... it tell you about the route but it do not show the sign . the display of 3-d building be fun and surprisingly accurate but not very dense even in Houston . therefore it do not really help navigate by provide visual clue on the route . they have come a long way with the device but , unfortunately , the route problem be significant . in the end , that make it , at best , a `` 3 '' for I . of course , you may have a better experience living in another part of the country .
GPS	POS	5	after look at the consumer report website , this TomTom one GPS model be consider to be the best value . so I go ahead and purchase this model . and I be glad I do !!! it be very easy to use and very accurate . I think it would be hard to specify a drive to location ... but to my surprise it be so simple . it be a lot easier and faster than go out to a google . map or mapquest . the drive direction be very accurate . I could not trick the system at all . all the feature you get be very helpful ... such as estimate arrival time , mile before next turn , etc. . I really like that it show where gas station and other poi be located . when i be drive , my girlfriend have to use the rest room . the TomTom show I where the next gas station be ... i be glad it do , because I never even know that this gas station exist because it be hide by tall tree . plus the screen be nice and big .
GPS	POS	5	a step up from we previous Nuvi , this Garmin get it right again . we have love we Garmin and loan it out to family member for they trip , and they all say the same . Garmin have a great product , and with `` Lifetime Maps and Traffic '' with this model , we have a unit that will last we for many , many year . download all of the stuff do take a while , but I have already expect that - so it be no surprise . Worth the wait in my opinion not to have to pull over and look through a map or trust someone els `` turn leave by the big brown house '' direction . thanks Garmin !!!
GPS	POS	5	I have a Garmin Nuvi and my cable be break . get this as a replacement and it work just fine .
GPS	POS	5	my wife buy I the Garmin Forerunner 301 for Christmas . I have want only a heart rate monitor , but this gp device be a pleasant surprise ! it work wonderful . it be simple in design and in ease of use . it appear slightly bulky , but when I wear it on my run , it do not bother I . in fact the large screen be easy to read . I mainly do 5k run , so it be not like I be wear it for a extended period of time either . but all in all , for what I use it for , it exceed my expectation !
GPS	POS	4	the GPS be fine and we be enjoy use it . but we pay for two day delivery to have it in plenty of time before we trip and it show up five day later , the evening before we be due to leave . pay ofr something and not get it be a little bothersome .
GPS	NEG	2	either the software information on the device be outdate or it be badly flaw as sometimes it choose route that appear go in a near circle . the alternative route would have be much shorter and logical .
GPS	NEG	2	these thing be not inexpensive , especially for a college student , but I run a lot and want something to help chart my progress . the first thing I notice be the poor reception . it take about 5-6 minute of clear sky to sync with you local satellite , but that be not as much of a hassle as it might seem . just turn on the unit when you leave the house , do you stretch outside , and it should be ready by the time you be . the other issue be that it lose the signal often ; if you live in a area with tall building , mountain , wooded area , telephone pole , or flock of goose fly overhead , you can expect to hear the `` Sync lose '' beep at least a few time whenever you go out . this be not a huge issue unless you be run around the block in a urban area as the device be smart enough to `` connect the dot '' between where you be when it lose the signal and where you be when it regain the signal . if you be run in more or less a straight line the result will come out within 10 % of true distance . if you be the type of person who care whether you have go 8 mile in the last hour or 9 , invest in a map . despite the signal issue , I would have give the unit 3 or even 4 star . you can account for the syncing time by stretch outside , and you can adjust for the distance error by add 5-10 % at the end of you run . the reason it get two star be that my lcd display start fail after about a month and less than 100 mile . it be still usable for another month or so -lrb- in that I could figure `` ok this be either a 6 or a 8 , and I know I run more than 6 ... -rrb- , and then the display fail completely and the device become a gp paperweight . I realize this be almost certainly a qc issue and you be not likely to get a bum unit like I do , so it get 2 star instead of 1 . it be useless to I , though .
GPS	POS	4	have a horrible experience with a Magellan so I figure I would try Garmin . what a incredible difference . I have the Magellan and it last 4 week and I be ready to throw it out ! just get the Garmin not long ago but be already impressed and know enought to share my thought . like : incredibly fast acquisition time . the Magellan could take 20 minute , it be painful and useless due to the time . the Nuvi lock in , even when move within a minute . incredible ! the build in battery allow you to preprogram a trip and then go . very intuitive and easy to use . the Magellan be easy to use but it take so darn long it be render useless . it seem to route very well unlike the Magellan . dislike . I be a insurance agent and travel every road in my area . even this unit have trouble on some of the road . this be the reason it get 4 of 5 star . overall I be ecstatic with this unit . ca not speak for TomTom or any other manufacturer but from my experience , Garmin kick Magellans behind .
GPS	POS	5	I love this gp unit . I be a big Garmin fan and have use they GPS unit for year . last year I try a TomTom and swear I would never buy another TomTom in my life . this unit be super awesome . here be some of the thing I like about it : \* it be very slim . \* update the map on the unit be a breeze . \* the screen be beautiful and clearly visible in direct sunlight . \* easily get connect with satellite without extend delay . \* accurately take I where I want to go . \* give I info on fuel efficiency which I like v. much . \* Free map and traffic for life -lrb- giggling -rrb- . some reviewer have complain about ad be show but that be not a annoyance at all because ad be absolutely never show when you be drive . you 'll see the occasional ad when , and only when , you be not drive ; typically after you have reach you destination and you car have stop move . in summary , I like everything about it and have yet to see something I do not like about it . I highly recommend this unit .
GPS	POS	5	Easy to use right out of the box !! once I upload the latest map , enter several location for future use I start use it the next day . I always end up close to the desire destination even if it have little `` alley be '' for access . the traffic update be nice to see in yellow or red accordingly along with a delay clock to the top left . the only downside I have notice -lrb- but nothing for I to return the unit about -rrb- be that the indicate speed be a `` on and off '' thing . sometimes it be accurate at a couple other time I would be drive 45-50 mph and the unit say I be go 25 or some other random number . the unit have show I drive to the side of a road before but I be underneath of a main highway for the area so not sure what that be about . overall a great deal for a great product !! would recommend for the professional or one constantly need direction . also , Garmin be the only gp unit I have find to be usable in Hawaii due to the way we put address ... . 45-xxx , 96-xxx 91-xxx -lrb- whatever street -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	ipad require a bigger jolt than iphone . this do the job plus offer the option to charge two -lrb- like iPad and iPhone -rrb- at the same time .
GPS	NEU	3	the mount attach to both my bike and my 60cx fine . I have no fear of it fall off . the problem be when I hit a bump , the gp turn off . yes , this be a road bike , not trail . for example the bump when you go onto and off of small bridge cause this problem . I think you have to buy a gp make for biking .
GPS	POS	5	buy this for my husband , and now go place be no longer a concern . we would get direction from either a person or mapquest and they might not be accurate and get lose be frustrating . this take all of the worry out of travel . I have already recommend this to my family and friend . never leave home without it .
GPS	POS	5	I use the Garmin 76CSX for both professional and personal purpose and think it be excellent . I have use the older version -lrb- Garmin Map76 -rrb- for year -lrb- 2004-2009 -rrb- and recently update to this newer version . Antennae reception be incredible ; I keep it in my pocket all day and the device rarely miss a point while record my daily track -lrb- hike range from 15-25 km\/day -rrb- . the MapSource software be also fairly good , and you can download you track and waypoint to google earth without any trouble . I do not geocache so I can not provide any input in that regard , but I imagine it would be well suit for it .
GPS	POS	5	the wife want I to get it for she little sister who just get she license as a gift . it serve the purpose until she crash she car .
GPS	POS	5	first time I use my forerunner 305 -lrb- hour outta the box -rrb- , I achieve a pr run a 4 miler by 3:30 !!! great training partner . ca not wait til the Philadelphia Marathon !!!
GPS	POS	5	the 5 inch screen make it easy to follow . while update the map , my computer shut down and I lose map . they tech support get I up and run within 10 minute . the best tech support I ever encounter
GPS	POS	4	I have nothing but great thing about the Garmin RINO 120 . the Navigation be good to go . some people complain about how much more work it be compare to a dedicated gp model . well , when you have to combine the radio and the GPS , there be bind to be some compromise somewhere . the radio feature be great . I get scambling security function , different beep and tone for different party , and the gp location work with the radio . my negative opinion be about the computer to unit cord . . it be a old style nine pin serial port , but the more expensive model have the usb to unit cord . ca not they just update the lineup so all of we have the newer connection . another issue be the software . . all the new map be not compatible with the RINO 120 , but it be compatible with the new RINO 520 . yes , I know they still sell the software that be compatible with the RINO 120 , but it be not update since 2000 , and I would hate to find out the road be no longer there ... that kind of thing ... so overall , it be a good product , just that it need some update ...
GPS	POS	4	excellent price but I think add the bluetooth feature be a necessary item for GPS . I prefer bluetoothe my cell phone to the GPS for handsfree operation .
GPS	NEU	3	I buy a Garmin Nuvi 1490T at Costco and need a case . this soft case fit perfectly . keep in mind that the neoprene will not prevent damage from long drop , be step on , etc. . however , it will prevent scratch and keep the unit not oily\/dirty . there be a small zipper side pocket , but it can not fit the charger .
GPS	POS	5	I love this product . I just wish they would come with the ability to insert a address book from outlook , etc. in it . I do not believe any of they do that .
GPS	POS	4	cord work fine , but do not fit in desire location because the connector be straight instead of the 90 deree end as show in photo .
GPS	POS	5	my wife be a personal assistant to a commercial real estate developer and a great portion of she time be spend run errand in area she be not familiar with . she have tell I of some close call she have in the car , as a result of travel slow to read street sign or address number . on other occassion she be delay when she have to stop to phone the destination and ask for direction -lrb- one of the few who will not talk on the cell phone while drive -rrb- . with the Garmin c340 she be able to give all she attention to drive , keep pace with the flow of traffic , and not experience delay to stop and get direction . she say she have reduce she errand time by 30 % , and reduce she auto expense by 10 % . I be a bit frustrated when I find the unit come with a quick start manual and you have to go to the Garmin web site to down load the full instruction manual . my wife be not concern as she have never read a instruction manual for anything and usually toss electronic gadget to I to figure it out for she . this thing be so complete and simple to use you do not need the instruction manual . I have to show she twice where the on\/off button be -lrb- one of the most prominent feature on the side of the unit ? -rrb- and then I go to download the manual . she keep come into the office to show I what she have learn to do with this thing . by the time I have the manual download , on a dial up line , she have figure everything out so I never read the manual ! I originally start look at the gp because a friend , who be a electronics wizard and write computer program for video game , have a tom-tom . he come to visit about two week after we receive the c340 and my wife be show he all the feature and he sit there with he tom-tom and keep say , `` Mine do not do that ! '' he call a week later and tell I that he know I be a little disappointed because my wife take the Garmin , and toss I she new road atla , and he offer to sell I he tom-tom cheap because he replace it with a Garmin c340 Streetpilot . the review , I read on Amazon , which inform that this unit tell you the street name of exit give great influence as to my selection of this unit as my wife travel to California for she employer , and we have relative in San Francisco . we now travel there and navigate the traffic like one of the local . in summary : I research every gp I could find for three month before purchase and the c340 be the most powerful at the affordable price ; this unit will pay for itself in reduce drive expense , at today 's gas price , in about 6 month if you run daily errand ; insurance company should give reduce rate to driver who have a gp as it allow you to focus on you immediate surroundings and not impede the regular flow of traffic .
GPS	POS	4	I need to commute everyday through New York City and it be imperative to know the real-time traffic since traffic can be bad and unpredictable . this gp have work pretty well most of the time . I sometimes look at Google map for real-time traffic update and try to come up with my own route and it usually match the route calculate by gp . the only time that the gp do not work be when Google map show that the traffic have clear on Washington bridge and this gp still direct to avoid it . overall it be a good product to use for people who need to drive through unpredictable traffic but with alternative route . though I would say that combine google map and this gp would be even better .
GPS	POS	5	this unit preform flawlessly and with the free lifetime map the unit pay for itself in two year . I love it and recommend it to all .
GPS	POS	4	I replace a Nuvi 200 with this device and be quite pleased . size-wise it be equivalent to the latest touch-screen phone , so if you have be use a 4.3 ' before then this will be too small for you . transition from a 3.5 be easy and it be still slightly more narrow that the Nuvi 200 . the screen be sharper , but the button be smaller when typing . the user interface be modern and responsive and navigating be accurate since it be a Garmin . do not expect to be shop Amazon or write multiple email , but it can work in a pinch if strong wifus be available . Mine connected fine at home and the office . have not use the mp3 player , so cant comment there . audio volume be lower than the Nuvi 200 but still fine at 70-80 % . look for a small low-cost semi-versatile gp device , this work well . keep you expectation reasonable and you 'll be please . 80 $ for a new Garmin be quite a deal !
GPS	POS	4	I recently purchase a GPS Tom Tom 550TM to replace my Garmin 255W GPS . I must say that I be not happy with the way Amazon handle the shipping as they do not include the Easy point mount . no mount bracket whatsoever tha I can find in the package . it would be nice if Amazon shipper would thoroughly inspect each part or item that be order to make sure it be complete before shipping . the shipper negligence of not ship a complete component of the gp cause I a delay for a few day of my plan trip of drive cross country . I call Amazon and tell they about the miss mount component and I be tell they will ship it to I which will arrive in 2-3 day where they could have ship it overnight since it be there fault and negligence . anyhow , this Tom Tom GPS 550tm be a better gp compare to my Garmin . it have a better route , easy menu to work on , big screen , and the lane guidance assist help in critical traffic lane confusion . the speed alert that beep when you go over the speed limit also help when drive down the road and forget the speed limit . it sure will save you from get a traffic speeding ticket . this gp have a better much more accurate route compare to my Garmin . my Garmin tell I to make unnecessary turn sometimes on certain street and yet at one time , it take I further to a freeway entrance and it pass a much closer freeway entrance which make I wonder why . since then I lose my trust on Garmin for its route . I be happy with my new Tom Tom .
GPS	POS	5	I live in Colorado . I have find the 305 to be a excellent tool and a excellent companion in my fitness pursuit and enjoyment of my run and mountain biking activity . there be so many way you can use this device to make you walk , run , or bicycling for each day more interesting . a great motivator .
GPS	NEG	1	this be my second 1450 . the first one I return as it would not find the satellite . I call Garmin support and spend a hour on the phone with they to be tell to send it to they for repair . I decline and return it to Amazon for replacement . ok ... I get the replacement 1450 from Amazon and same exact problem . do all the thing I do before include update the software and the map . -lrb- why in the hell do it not ship with all the current update ?? -rrb- however , it still will not find the satellite at all . I also have a Garmin 255w which work quite well and find and hold the satellite quickly from the same location and while drive a 7 mile test route . so the replacement be go back and I will never buy another Garmin piece of crap product ever again . I will now begin a search for another GPS product to meet my need . the only thing good about this be Amazon 's customer service ! Update ... I spend almost 6 month look for a better gp unit than my Garmin 255w and go with the BMW Portable Navigation unit . it be expensive but do work quite well .
GPS	POS	5	nice little camera . good size and comfortable in you hand . have not use it under water yet but take good picture otherwise . purchase this one because I have two other Nikon camera and they have never fail I . I totally trust this brand .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this gp about 3 month ago and it have perform well in all aspect . now I buy this gp with the primary purpose of hiking , biking , and geocaching -lrb- I have a separate gp for the car -rrb- . if you be look for a gp to use in the car ... there be better one , this one will not call out direction such as `` turn leave in 400 ft on 5th street '' like other model will . it will do road direction , but it will only give audio beep que . if you want you gp to do the outdoors-type of stuff that I do , you probably can not find one that be better . I see a comment about it run down battery too quickly when I be shop and be concern , but because 2 friend of mine have and love this model , I take the plunge . I have have no battery issue . I use nickel-metal-hydride rechargable in it and they work great . I would also recommend that you read the instruction manual . when I first start use it , it would point the wrong direction ... it be really wierd , I think it be break . then I read the instruction manual and realize that I need to calibrate the compass . the simple procedure take all of 15 seconds , and everything be correct . aside from this , this model have a ton of functionality , I have spend hour go through all of the feature and probably could have save a lot of time by read the manual . overall , as I say earlier , this be a superb product .
GPS	POS	4	this have be a invaluable tool . i use it for hunting , camping , day trip , road trip , and geocaching . it be so user friendly my 7yr old can use it to find `` treasure '' -lrb- geocach -rrb- . the radio have good range as long as it be line of sight . there be about 20 people in we hunting family that use these , all but one have have no problem , the one be a factory lcd problem , outdoor store replace for free . i will hand down this one and get new color screen for myself .
GPS	POS	5	my last c be stollen . that be probably the only disadvantage of these unit be that they be very portable . but it give I a excuse to get the latest model . this new CSx be much faster at satelite aquisition and 100 % better whn under heavy cover of tree , building , car top , or whatever . I love this unit !!!
GPS	POS	4	only minor negative . there be not a selection for fm output and the voice can not be change . everything else be great .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this gp for my wife -lrb- ha ha -rrb- for x-ma . we have both really enjoy it . it do precisely what I expect . it be very simple , easy to use and provide all the information you need . kid love it to . it keep they busy in the car as they can see upcome street , land mark and where you be go . great !!! purchase through Amazon . outstanding customer service & shipping ! ud
GPS	POS	4	the watch be really durable and have stand the test of time . I have drop it sereral time and it still keep work fine . the main reason I give it four star instead of five be the time it take for the satellite to find you at some location that I go to . many time I stand out by the road wait to run for five minute until it finally pick I up . but once it do , it work great and I never run without it ! awesome workout companion . it be cool to see how fast you be go and how far you have run . plug it into you computer and it will map you run on Google Maps and tell you you pace at any certain point so you can see where you need to improve ! it have so many feature that I have not even figure the whole thing out yet . it also keep track of you history right on the watch . really keep you motivate to run when you can get this frequent feedback on progress !
GPS	POS	5	I use my gp mainly for Geocaching . my original -lrb- Etrex Vista -rrb- be a fine gp , but I want the external antenna , the extended battery life , and the bigger , color screen . I have not be disappoint . this gp be more accurate than my Vista ; the Geocaching mode help keep track of my find . the accuracy be several foot better , too . all in all , if you be look for a gp with more bell and whistle than you 'll ever need , but like the high end of gadgetry , this be it . it may be a bit more expensive than the other model , but to I , it be worth it .
GPS	POS	5	I really enjoy my garmin nuvus 2360lmt . it look great in my cobalt and with purchase of eco-route hd give it even more acurate reading for economy and bonus for when you have a check engine light . I have a few bug with my nuvus when I get it because the seller sell I one that be once open register and use and then return . I work with garmin support and they get it all set up so it be not register to I with no problem . I can now update it and download stuff to it from garmin garage with ease . traffic be a great feature and be highly accurate from what I have notce . only down side I have with this device be the add but they do not pop up while drive and as often and you would imagine .
GPS	POS	5	the Nuvi 350 be small enough to carry around yet large and clear enough to use in the car . it be easy to use , direction be excellent and give vocal alert about upcome turn in plenty of time to make they , a feature not fond on some large install unit . I highly recommend it because it do a incredible excellent job and a reasonable price .
GPS	POS	5	I get my mio on Friday and use it on Saturday to drive from my apartment in D.C. to my friend 's apartment in Crystal City . this be a bit of a confusing drive for I , as I do not do it very often , but it be make effortless with the c220 . no get lose or weird route - the Tele Atlas map be very accurate . I end up make a detour on the way home to go to mcdonald 's and the device recalculate my route in a matter of seconds . very cool ! highly recommend for its value and accuracy . also , it be insanely sunny outside and I could still see the screen very clearly despite the glare .
GPS	POS	5	I didnt buy this through Amazon , but Radio Shack ... and I have gotta say awesome product for a great price . I didnt want or need the bell and whistle of other gp 's , but with the 1300 , it come with the basics and even for someone who be not tech savy , I have no problem with turn it on and figure out all the basics like how to set the home address , speech\/text language you want , and how to navigate with it . it take less then a minuet for the gp to figure out my position and even when I type in a address 1500 mile away , in 20 seconds I have it ready to lead I out of town and ready to go -lrb- which I personally think be great see as how I live in the middle of no where ... ya know , where high speed internet isnt offer in my area and if you want anything other then pb you have to get satellite -rrb- . if you want something that be easy to figure out , basic , and not to big then this be for you . I have a hard time imagine size and how something would look on my dash , anything bigger than this in my cherokee and it would have be to big and I would have have a hard time find a spot for it . the suction cup work great , take I a second to get it to stick but the assembly of the base\/mount be easy to figure out . my only complaint be you have to actually push the screen , not just touch it ... not like jam you finger on it , but it do take a small amount of pressure , but if you driving and you have to reroute , its better that way so it wont just jump to another screen because you brush it with you hand .
GPS	POS	5	Magellan SE4 GPS be a great product . often time people would say if it cost more it must have higher quality . in this case , it be opposite . it cost less with higher quality . one must shop around and compare price . Magellan SE4 GPS have all the feature that I need . it serve I well .
GPS	NEG	1	order one as a gift , and the recipient be unable to update it on she computer -lrb- computer complain about write i\/o error -rrb- . after troubleshoot per Tomtom 's website , I send it back for a replacement . the replacement show the same write i\/o error . give that one of the main selling point of the tm model be the lifetime map update , give that you can not update it I can not in good conscience recommend this to other until they fix they storage quality issue .
GPS	POS	5	this be a terrific navigation system , and so easy to use ! my husband and I both purchase for we car and we no longer have to worry about direction again ! I have not have any problem with the system not find a street address like I experience with other model in the past . I would definitely recommend to anyone that be shop for a gp .
GPS	NEU	3	if you absolutely need a windshield mount bracket for you Garmin 60 series gp , this one will do , but you may want to look elsewhere . there be another one available here at amazon that may work better ... but maybe not , and it be a bit more expensive . as for this one : \* Bottom Line : \* if ... _ if _ you really feel you need\/want a windshield mount ... it seem this be as good as any . but it do have its drawback . \* pro : \* seem sturdy and the gp stay in the bracket very well . \* more mount angle possible than cheaper one -lrb- like my old TomTom mount -rrb- . \* easy to move to another vehicle \* easy to disconnect the gp from the mount -lrb- !!! except that that darn little screw be still attach -lrb- see below -rrb- !!! -rrb- \* Cons : \* you need to use the belt clip `` screw '' that come with the gp unit itself ... or else it will not work !! \* this be -lrb- a -rrb- annoying and -lrb- b -rrb- pretty lame since it be a tiny little piece that can be easily lost\/misplaced \* while the mount angle be good for up and down ... help with the slope of various windshield ... it be not so great for turn to the side to avoid glare , etc. . so ... again , if you need a mount for hands-free use of this -lrb- at least while just view -rrb- ... this will work . however , it be arguable whether or not this be better for I than just hold the darn thing in my hand . and while convenience be not too bad , it be much more convenient to not use a mount at all .
GPS	NEG	1	this do not charge you Garmin . it only provide power to the GPS . DO NOT buy this if you be expect it to charge you battery in you gp . my battery steadily lose power as it be plug into this device . the seller be great though and refund my money without I even ask and obviously mistake can happen . just make sure you device charge if that be what you be look to buy .
GPS	NEG	1	not a item to be use with a pc for the tracking download . have to remove Garmin software from pc , it keep lock my pc down !
GPS	POS	5	this be my first gp . I have no desire to see any other . I have do the due diligence and research before decide to purchase the Garmin 1300 with lifetime map update . it be the easiest device to use and have find it very reliable get I to my destination . Garmin could do a better marketing job to let customer know what include with the purchase . I be thrill I have purchase the `` best '' product on the market . I never feel like I do not know where I be go ! good product at a good price . Voice feature be loud and clear enough to understand even with music playing at a pretty high volume ... overall could not be happier with my NUVI Charging be the issue i encounter on a road trip . if Nuvi be in direct sunlight it wont charge and the battery drain . still not a problem . if on a long trip in the sun turn it off for a spell to save the life of battery .
GPS	NEG	1	Magellan Roadmate 800 . this product should be ship directly from the manufacturer to the garbage dump . I recently use this to go from Eugene , or to Lake Tahoe , CA . the error , misdirection , and mis-routing on this one trip be far too numerous to list here . I will give 3 for you amusement . 1 . while go South on Interstate 5 it insist that I be go East . 2 . while sit in the Wal-Mart parking lot in Red Bluff , CA , I ask it to direct I to the nearest Wal-Mart . it tell I that it be 163 mile south . 3 . on my return to Eugene it route I through Placerville , which be fine . except once I get to Placerville it route I off the freeway and through several street and back onto the freeway , go in the opposite direction ... twice ! also , you can forget about find a rest stop on you way , it will route you 20 mile in the opposite direction when one be actually just a few mile up the road . save you $ 600 , buy a roadmap and a magnifying glass ...
GPS	POS	5	we be very happy with we purchase and the price be right ! there be a couple of glitch with the map but that be probably a satellite problem . for instance ... it seem to think we house be on the leave when it be actually on the right . then I use it to go to a newer area of we town and none of those street be in the satellite . that will probably happen sooner or later . I purchase a 2 gig SanDisk for $ 35 in order to download the entire United States . the system come with a 128 mb .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase one of these almost a year ago , product have be excellent . I have use the mount on my dirt bike in very rough terrain go very fast , no problem . I have have this mount on my mountain bike in Moab , UT no problem . I ride my dirt bike one to three time a week over rough trail with this mount and no problem . when I go to a wma on my mountain bike and ride for a whole weekend I never have a problem . I think the people where the GPS fall out after two small bump and such do not install the mount correctly . I never write review unless a product real impress I and this one do . I have purchase two so I do not have to keep switching hardware between my dirt bike and mountain bike . this be a great product .
GPS	NEG	1	I be a avid Magellan user . I have a business in which I need to be navigate to different location everyday , and have buy at least 2 Magellan GPS ' in the past . I crack the screen on my last one , and need a new one , and decide to try Amazon to purchase my next one . -lrb- I be also a avid Amazon user . -rrb- this gp be purchase for a cheaper price , supposedly not use or refurbish , brand new , and in the box . it arrive on time , and work seemingly as it should for about 4 day . after that , every time I attempt to enter in a destination , a screen pop up that read `` you device need to be restart to increase it be performance . '' all of a sudden , I have a brand new gp that would not allow I to put in a destination . it let I enter HOME however , which suck cause I usually know how to get myself home . but as for my business purpose , which be what I buy it for , it be useless . I now have a $ 160.00 piece of machinery that do nothing but sit in my windshield view and make I very angry whenever I drive , because I be look at Google Maps direction , instead of a gp . I would not recommend this seller . at all .
GPS	POS	5	I buy the Garmin GPS for my husband for Christmas and use it on we trip to Myrtle Beach . it be wonderful not have to check map to find we way especially at night ! the voice be very calm and let we know in advance when to turn . it make for a very enjoyable trip . I highly recommend it !
GPS	POS	5	my husband have a Garmin GPS which he use for vacation travel and hiking , but I could never take the time to figure out how to use the thing , so I print out my step-by-step instruction from Maps & Streets or Mapquest . and I have to admit that I put myself in danger more than once try to read the next turn while drive . my husband like he gadgit , so when he Garmin go kaput , he go into hyper research mode . he buy the TomTom even though he Mr. Fixit buddy repair the Garmin . he love the pre-loaded map and the long battery life . he download he own pous datum and when he be mess around with it , he contact user support and receive good technical support within a day . I be not happy he buy another gp when I be not thrill with the first one , but I let he have he toy ... I be convert when we have to go to a wedding of a distant relative in the NYC area . it route we the same as map and Streets , but without any effort . we easily be route to restaurant and gas station along the way . we stay at a secluded state campground and it even have the campground 's `` road '' in its database ! when we come back home , several bridge be wash out from severe rain , and we easily re-route to avoid the closed road . just be careful not to use the `` shortest route '' feature in rural area , because you may need a 4x4 ! we also let we friend borrow it for a few day while they be visit from out of town . they be skeptic too , until they use it . they know what they get for Christmas this year ! this thing be so easy to use right out of the box . I really like the feature of let you know what turn be come up and that it calibrate when to tell you and at what volume depend on you speed . I highly recommend this for the Mr. Gadgits and the people like I who just want it to be easy to use right out of the box . BJ
GPS	NEG	2	we use this on trip to Italy and Iceland and find it be unreliable enough that we use paper map and avoid this when we could . we have a earlier Nuvi -lrb- 255 -rrb- that we like , so it be not the overall brand . there be two type of problem : - it reset itself without we do anything . my guess be that when there be momentary blip in voltage , it sens the charger be unplugged and replugged , it reset itself and usually take a couple of minute to go through the Garmin screen to be useful again . the cigarette lighter charger connection be flaky enough that a device need to be tolerant of such change . -lrb- this happen in 2 rental car , so it be not a bad cigarette lighter . -rrb- the same thing happen when the usb connection in the back of the GPS be bump . on a highway the reset might not be a big deal - but when you actually need it in navigate italian city , have it stop work be a major problem . worse be when sometimes it would show a startup screen -lrb- show a icon of it connect to a computer -rrb- and it would not restart itself - usually hold the power button down would get it to stop so we could restart it , but several time it just hang . - in italian town and city , it would tell we to turn the wrong way on 1-way street -lrb- happen twice in Cremona -rrb- . more subtly -lrb- this I can understand , but it be a notable concern -rrb- , it could not differentiate between medieval street and major boulevard : it would have direction zigzag through the narrow street that be charming when you be on foot , but really should not be navigate by anything larger that a Fiat 500 or Smart car - and subsequently we would find that we would start a block from a main road that a human would have direct we to . again , a paper map be preferable .
GPS	POS	4	receive the 1700-lm a day later than the estimate delivery date . delay be due to UPS send to wrong facility . I unpackage the 1700-lm and read the manual . the manual state a fully charge battery would last about 30 minute and that the battery in the unit do not charge via the usb connector ! go to you car and charge the Magellan for a few minute . I charge it for 15 minute . I then install the Magellan Content Manager , register the gp , and proceed to do the software and map update . that process take about 1.5 hour , so patience be a must . I have my finger cross the entire time . I notice that the display be dim while connected via usb . it update successfully , I think because the battery have a good charge and the display dim while on usb . I take the gp to my van and mount it use the provide plastic base , connect the power , and start it up . it take less than 15 seconds and the unit acquire the satellite signal . I fiddle around with it and decide I like it . one feature I like be the pous search . I enter a pous and it could not be find . a message pop up and ask if it should search nearby . after about 30 seconds my pous appear . one issue I have be with the piece of the mount bracket that connect to the back of the gp . it do not have enough articulation for my liking . I can not position the gp to the exact position I want . my view of the screen be usable but not exactly where I would prefer it to be . the screen display be between 7 and 9 . the volume adjustment be a 10 . screen sensitivity be between 8 and 10 . re-routing time be between 7 and 9 . a feature from other gp 's I have own that I wish the Magellan have be a trip computer . I also wish a ac power adapter have be include . now I have to go out and buy one . if one have be include I would not have worry about the gp shut down while update . overall I recommend the Magellan 1700-lm .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this sleeve to protect my Garmin Nuvi from scratch . it fit the 5 '' screen model perfectly , and it be a great value at the price . there be 2 zippered pocket . one for the GPS unit and another smaller pocket for random thing . however the smaller pocket be only large enough for small item such as memory card . the material use be the same as any other neoprene sleeve you would find on the market so no surprise there . I do not find any issue with odor when it first arrive . Products like this typically have odor when first manufacture , and it dissipate over time . I would recommend this product for people who be just look for a cover when they store they gp in they car . the Garmin leather case look much nicer , but I do not use the gp outside of my car , so there be no point in have a expensive case .
GPS	POS	5	the Magellan RoadMate 5045-LM be great . the set-up be so easy the instruction be almost not necessary . the screen prompt be clear and easy to follow . the voice be pleasant and volume can be turn down or off , if prefer . it be easy to view the map and adjust they if necessary . you can check for restaurant , gas station , roadside service , etc. . the drive direction be perfectly accurate . highly recommend .
GPS	POS	5	this be one of the best gp we have purchase so far . the info about speed limit as we drive along the interstate particularly be a great feature . thanks .
GPS	NEG	1	while this unit be well-priced and be outfit with all the great feature -lrb- include voice command , Bluetooth , HD traffic , smart route , etc -rrb- , it have a clumsy interface , and much more importantly , it can not find or hold on to a gp signal . I read every technical forum , try every software update and fix , and nothing could make this thing work . after read online , it seem like hundred of other have have the exact same problem with the GO LIVE line . Bells and whistle aside , a gp be not worth anything if it can not locate you on a map ... return , and now stick with Garmin .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase the Garmin c-330 and my wife think it be just another one of my toy . however after a trip to Kansas City to the Arena for we grand-daughter 's dance competition the Garmin take we right to the front door . it be very easy to use right out of the box and will be very helpful on we future trip . we be go to buy both we kid a Garmin for Christmas .
GPS	NEU	3	I purchase this gp approximately two year ago and have have to replace the 12v electrical cord and the back plane mount device already . I use the device while on vacation . total time use while on maybe three dozen time . the external electrical connection be not very rugged . I have to hard wire the antenna as the fold down unit do not reliably maintain satellite connection . think twice before purchase ... only at a severe discount .
GPS	POS	4	you should buy a gp system base on 1 primary criterion , accuracy of direction . the Pioneer system be fast and provide logical direction without constantly provide needless information . beware of off brand , they can give you illegal direction . I test a cheap mio handheld and be be direct to make left turn when you be require to make a right and use a jug handle . this mistake cause potential traffic accident and longer than necessary trip when be reroute . the PIO feature be nice , but I do not use it as often as expect . the bluetooth speaker option be awesome , and worth at least $ 100 for the safety factor .
GPS	POS	5	this gp be awesome . the only problem I have be that , at least in England , I can not get it to tell I what the speed limit be . it will beep if I be speeding , but it will not show what the limit be . also , sometimes it tell I to go place and guide to the end of a road . probably happen with all gp ' , and I notice with regular update , some of those problem go away .
GPS	NEG	2	good while it work . quit work after 11 month . I hope I get good service from Magellan . otherwise I will reduce it to 1 star . one thing I do not understand , why people complain that the unit be too big ??? be not that why you buy this ? Kinda like complain about a car you buy and reduce the rating because it be too red .
GPS	POS	5	buy this for my dad who get he steal from he car . say the ball and socket be snug but I think that that be not a bad quality to have . great price and have not hear any complaint yet from he . he have have it for over a month now .
GPS	POS	5	I love it to put it simply . Great . battery last a long time . do not bother to get the 12v adapter . you will not need it . beat my old one so bad there be not any comparison . I use it down in the valley of mountain under thick tree canopy and its never lose signal . you just have to try it .
GPS	POS	5	Great GPS ! it do everything it claim to do . it `` recalculate '' when I make wrong turn and\/or hit construction and do not give up until I be head in the correct direction towards my destination .
GPS	POS	5	I have just acquire this to help I train . it work at treat be simple to use for what I use it for -lrb- exercise in certain heart rate zone -rrb- . there be much more you can do with it but I havent try yet . the ability to store you workout in the machine and upload they to a pc to reviw they be good and again simple to use . the only minor quibble be : - because of the slight variation in fix the pace reading tend to shoot up and down but this can be smooth and I havent try that yet - the bundle map in the training center software be not very detailed for the UK .
GPS	POS	5	I have be with Garmin since my first gp . I have the Garmin Nuvi 265T and it work well for I until the map have expire and I have to pay to purchase a map . I figure if I purchase the map , my total for what I pay for the gp plus the map will be equal to buy a newer gp . my friend let I use she Garmin 765T and it be wonderful . I have always believe that the Garmin system be very user-friendly , and it be the reason why I do not want to switch manufacturer . however , whenever I look at the newer model , it seem that I have to pay more for a new Garmin unit which have less feature than what other manufacturer brand be offer . I look around and the TomTom XXL 540tm really take my interest . I keep on look around and read all the review here and it seem like it be easier for I to accept its con than what I have read in other GPS unit . I wait for black Friday Sale to get a unit . I check Amazon 's price and think that be the best deal , but I see that Staples be offer the unit at the same price on black Friday so I decide to get it from Staples . I pay extra for sale tax but I be able to get the unit right away as compare with wait for 5-8 business day before delivery from Amazon -lrb- no , I be no longer a prime member -rrb- . pro : 1 . I like the wide screen . I have own the Nuvi 265T forever and it be a small screen compare to what I have with TomTom XXL . 2 . the lifetime map be very much appreciate . at least I know that I 'll never have to worry about my map be outdate . 3 . the traffic update be very helpful . I be drive home from NJ to md and it take I away from all the road congestion of people come home after Thanksgiving break and all the toll road be congest . the garmin I use have traffic feature in they but I have never experience anything helpful with it as what I have with my new TomTom . : -rrb- 4 . I like how it show I the total time and the total distance . I drive to NJ every weekend and I get impatient look at the Garmin GPS that I use because it would show I the number of mile I need to drive to reach a certain point on my trip and then when I finish drive those mile , I get another set of mile and it just feel endless . for a 3-hour -lrb- or more -rrb- every weekend , it can make I very impatient not know how much progress I be make with my drive . my new TomTom show I the total time and distance I need to drive , plus the number of mile I would be drive to reach segment of my trip . 5 . the TomTom XXL 540tm have a drive break suggestion ! awesome ! 6 . I like the audio quality better than the GPS unit I have use before . 7 . TomTom HOME be very user-friendly and make the GPS very easy to customize . con : 1 . I be use to the ease of mount of the Garmins . I own a Garmin friction mount so I never worry about mount the Garmin on the windshield . even so , it be never difficult to mount the garmin on the windshield . they be always easy to mount and to remove . I have a different luck with the TomTom . I have to get help mount it on the windshield because I be have difficulty turn the thing to make the suction thing stick to the windshield . then I have to keep it on the windshield once we be able to make it stick because I find it difficult to have to put it back there and remove it whenever I be not use the gp . then there be the challenge of put the GPS unit itself on the mount everytime I need to use it . it never take I less than thrice to make it stay mount on the mount . 2 . the traffic update only work when the unit be plug in to the charger . for some reason , I wish it work even when not plug in because it be always better to work with a gp wireless , right ? : -rrb- 3 . it do not really bother I , but for the benefit of other , this do not have bluetooth and expandable memory card slot . so far I have not encounter problem with not have enough space on the unit to update my map since I get it . so far , these be what I have observe . I be glad I decide to get a TomTom instead of another Garmin . I love all the feature and I definitely recommend it . : -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this product work great . it be not too bulky and get great reception . the only thing be that it do not get satelite when you be indoors but that be expect unless you need drive direction from you garage to you living room . the touch screen be great and the button be large enough to touch while drive . the speakers\/voice be loud and clear . the feature be great and the poi be pretty extensive . searching for the poi take roughly a minute or two but they be good enough . you can always update you maps\/pois for free once you have register the product . overall , I really think this be a good decision .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase two of these unit the first one work ok . the second one have a problem . in a side by side comparison the signal quality of the two unit vary . I check there accuracy and tracking with oziexplorer move map software . the first unit track pretty good , but the second unit position be off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meter . I send the faulty unit to Garmin to be repair . they send it back with a description of the problem and that it have be fix . I check the unit out and it be the same as when I send it to they . now I be stick with a dud .
GPS	POS	4	fairly easy to use out of the box . I be lucky enough to know someone that already have one . it be confuse that when you enter a address that to save it you have to hit do , if you do not you will not have the address again if you have intend on store it . you have to remember that the global positioning system be not 100 % accurate . when use it to go to a relative home I need it because it be a fairly complicated area , once there it announce the house be on the right when it be on the left . so make sure you check the address . it can be off . also if there have be recent construction it might not be update to tell you where the entrance be on a highway . the nice thing be if you take a wrong turn , the unit announce `` recalculate '' in a rather upset voice , and then give you another route . it will not necessarily give you the fastest route , but you will get there .
GPS	POS	4	when you compare the price and function of the other Garmin -lrb- and non-garmin too -rrb- gp watch this one make the most sense economically . it have ant + wireless datum transfer , customizable workout and customizable display screen . the only thing that make I cautious be the touch bezel . I be really worried I would get it and not like the touch bezel . I hear it describe as a either `` love it or hate it '' relationship with the touch bezel , but that be the only negative thing I hear consistently about this watch . for I , I would describe the touch bezel as exactly as advertise . it be not the same technology as you smart phone touch screen ; if you try and use it in the same way then you 'll hate the touch bezel . it take a little more intentional pressure and it will not roll through screen with a `` swipe . '' you have to literally go around and around when navigate the menu , or go from top to bottom and then again from top to bottom . basically , compare the touch bezel technology to a smart phone touch screen be like compare a tough book lap-top computer to a MacBook pro . it do the same thing in a way , but you 'll have to expect different performance limitation in order to get the benefit of something that can go out in the rain on a run with you . in summary , this watch be the absolute best gp run device you be go to find for it be price or lower .
GPS	NEG	1	the interface be difficult and not very intuitive to use . why SONY make thing so complicated be unknown to I . I be take it back to Radio Shack and exchange for a Garmin , I will gladly pay the difference and refurbish charge .
GPS	POS	5	this gp just overcome my expectation . size : the 5 inch display be just perfect . and it make a huge difference when compare with the 4,3 inch model . map : be very accurate , be impress with the street picture it be show I for the highway exit . Lowlight : while exit the highway for gas station , some time the gp would not realize that it would be faster come back to the same exit rather then get a sideway until the next highway exit . interactivity : I think this be han overall problem from gp device . they touch screen interactivity be still ver poor compare with other portable device as tablet and smart phone . if you be use to you smartphone touchscreen , you will be frustrate when try to navigate in the gp map to findout about the route surounding , or to set a new destination through the map . -lrb- again this be a problem in all gp I fave use , this garmin one be nevertheless still better than other . -rrb-
GPS	POS	4	I purchase the garmin geko 201 to use with my Nikon for geoposition photo . it work nicely for this , but i feel that some of the feature be not intuitive . it be very simple and no frill . so , for basic information it be excellent . I look forward to try some geocach with it in the future !
GPS	POS	4	the tomtom work as say and work better on army basis than the garmin c330 that my wife have and i buy this tomtom for the same amount that i would have pay for the map update that i be go to have to do to my old garmin c330 the tomtom also come with lifetime map and traffic which also save time on long trip when you be by big city 's
GPS	POS	5	this be my second Garmin GPS . my first one be several year old and need to be update but there be a charge for update . in check out the new one I discover this one have a lifetime free update , so I decide to purchase my most recent Garmin . the 5-inch screen be so easy to see and read . extremely easy to program and use . have travel quite a bit I have find this gp to be very accurate . would recommend this gp to anyone . love it ! also , I can not say enought wonderful thing about the service I receive from Amazon . when I first receive the new gp it have a couple of problem but I need it right away so I just make do until I finish my travel for a while . when I contact Amazon about the problem -lrb- eventhough it be way past 30 day -rrb- they could not have be nicer or more helpful . receive a replacement the next day . you do not get service like this just any where . Amazon be my number 1 shopping place and have be for qite a while . thank you Amazon .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase a 1370t for my trip to Europe in July of 2009 . the unit function for a total of 2 day before die on I . here I be have spend $ 400 for the 1370t , in a foreign country travel with a dead gp unit . I guess paper map still have a purpose . at the time I receive the unit I also purchase a city map of Athens . to garmin 's credit they replace the unit in September when I return . though it do little to ease my pain . now the icing on the cake . a month after I receive a function unit I be advise that garmin issue a map update for the city navigator map . this update I have to purchase all over again since Garmin do not provide for free update on this product . it would seem to I that in a difficult environment for the hand hold GPS manufacturer that they would do everything possible to keep customer happy . not Garmin . they seem to think that we will just take what they hand out without consequence . they be wrong . if you want a sporadically function unit and poor customer service then Garmin be for you .
GPS	NEG	1	just about impossible to get on the lens on the screen of a gp -lrb- Garmin Oregon 550t -rrb- perfectly . by the time you put it on the lens be dirty with fingerprint . Perfect be about immposible .
GPS	POS	5	I be a emt in a rural area where I have not live for very long . I need something to help I find my way through country backroad fast and efficiently , and this fit the bill for the most part . the main problem I have have be that it can take a while to locate satellite at first if it have not be turn on for a while , which in most application would not be much of a problem , as at most it be a minute and a half . the next be it do not turn with you , which can be briefly confuse if you have to take two quick turn , and change a lane in the process -lrb- i.e. a right and a quick left , I get stick in the right lane -rrb- . Speaker could be a little louder , as well . then the last be no flash -lrb- programming , or photography -rrb- . not much of a problem as it be not it be main purpose , but worth mention . the good part - re-route very fast and effectively , it detour I very well around flooding with minimal input from I . very fast web connection , decent signal . Touchscreen work flawlessly and input quickly . it be sleek , about the same size as a android , with very intuitive programming . have not use the camera much , but it be a nice touch , and 2mp be as much as I would need on a day to day basis . in short , it be extremely fast except when initially acquire satellite after be off for a while , have plenty of feature , and be very well program . it work well for what I need it for and be a great buy for the one day deal I purchase it for . at full price I would have expect a little more , however .
GPS	POS	4	I have not buy any download for it , yet . -lrb- they be a little pricey -rrb- we use it as-is for a trip last month and it really come in handy . with the database that be already in it , we be able to find rest stop and resturant , etc. . the only drawback be I have to hold it directly by a window for it to pick up satellite position so when I be not use it , but still have it on , I have to place it on the dashboard for it to keep up with where we be go . we really like it , though .
GPS	POS	5	my aim be to get a gp with no map capability in order to maintain good habit when navigate with visual checkpoint . the low battery consumption be also a important matter . the Brunton unit I get from Finalcall fulfil all my expectation . the very large screen , additional feature such as the compass , the altimeter or the barometer in addition to a full GPS unit be perfect . I will use it mainly when make cross-country travel in a Cessna 172 as a complementary tool to classical navigation instrument . the service give by Finalcall have be perfect .
GPS	POS	5	this be such a nice small and cheap item , I have to order 2 of they , just to have one in each car .
GPS	NEU	3	you need a bit of techno-knowledge to really appreciate this device . just take awhile to learn it be possibility . out of the box it seem to work flawlessly , however , as I begin to use it , it start to show some quirk . contact Garmin via email and receive a quick response to the problem . the solution be to download a newer chipset . the unit work again for a few day and then fail . still look for a solution . install the various piece on you bike will take some time . not want to fool with the installation , I take it to my bike dealer and they install the unit the correct way . Worth the extra buck . now I just want it to work . still wait for a new solution .
GPS	POS	5	this be my third Tom Tom and be a replacement for one I lose . I have always be happy with the feature and accuracy of the arrival time . the route select generally be the optimal route as best as I can tell . the battery life be not great but I only use it in the car and it be always plug in .
GPS	POS	5	great watch . keep accurate heart rate , speed , distance , and easily get satellite signal . a great watch . I hook it up with my mac to look at my workout history . its be great ! use it for run and road bike .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this for my dh . he like the screen size and the lifetime map update . we would highly recommend they product .
GPS	NEG	1	there GPS 's use to be good . I have a old Garmin 750 and I love it be fast and work . this 1350 be a po . slow and the traffic be useless ... I can get on my phone with google map and get better update . I no longer like Garmin GPS 's
GPS	NEG	1	it be strong and have lot of grip . but too heavy . it be not comfortable ... can not fit in carry-in baggage ... do not waste money . I be not use this any more ... go back to original stand provide by Magellan .
GPS	POS	5	thanks for these garmin nuvus 1490t . very beautiful . strong -rrb- and price appropriately . Ouseltna and at the right time thankyou for sale thank you for amazon thank you for myus
GPS	POS	5	the TomTom one be one great gp ! we have have Magellans and Garmins , and this be the very best by far . it pick up the satellite very quickly , even while indoors . I especially like the status bar display , give you remain time and distance to destination , current time , arrival time , speed , and direction . I also like the auto turn-off option when you turn off external power . best of all , its 3-d map and direction be phenomenal . and the price be right . no complaint from I !
GPS	POS	5	try this unit after I find out the `` new '' Garmin eTrex Legend H only output proprietary Garmin datum -lrb- original eTrex Legend will output nmea datum -rrb- . this make it useless for software other than Garmin 's own overpriced version . after speak with the rather rude rep at Garmin , I decide to look elsewhere . I already have and be happy with Streets & Trips and share trip file with friend and family member . I try another data-conversion software to allow use of the Legend h , but it be simply a hassle . this one hook up seamlessly and acquire satellite much more quickly than the Legend do . since I only need a unit to feed the notebook with s&t; s , this be ideal . it be quite small and have a small suction cup with a cable slot to hold it steady on the dash , if you do not care to use the magnetic back . it use only a tiny amount of power through the usb port ... in fact , I have run it on a old notebook with a PCMCIA usb adapter and Windows 2000 and it work perfectly . the usb cable be longer than the Garmin unit , also . I order a replacement for the original eTrex Legend to use on hike and to save track when not in the truck -lrb- still have all the add-on and adapter for it -rrb- . the original unit last 5 year and the replacement be still that same unit , so it 'll work through a serial adapter to usb in a pinch . too bad Garmin seem to have become so greedy as to force use of its software . the vendor ship it quickly and it arrive in perfect condition .
GPS	NEG	2	Garmin 's model number be extremely confusing . I buy this and turn out that this be a very bad gp . pro : 1 . nice slim look . look sleek . but then again , this be actually a con . see below con : 1 . the nice sleek look be a thief magnet invite a bust window . 2 . the touchscreen do not work very well . type street name miss key many time . I suspect that its a processor issue . 3 . Voice command be a joke . it almost never get anything right . 4 . find place `` along route '' list do not auto update force you to go back and re-search to get update list as you drive along you route . I reture this and buy the 2460lmt instead from costco for 180 . it solve all of the above con . plus there be also a feature to update speed limit if need . who would have think that 2460 be better than 3790 ?
GPS	POS	4	this nuvus have same `` problem '' as my old one from 5-6 year ago . to the lay person it appear it can not charge and run at the same time -lrb- ie : plug it in for charge-up and it stop mapping -rrb- . turn out it can sense specifically where it be get it be 12 vdc . if it be from a REAL usb port -lrb- like on a laptop -rrb- , it shut down however if its from another 12 vdc source through the supply usb cable it be ok . I 'll bet my old one have the same issue but Garmin only tell I the shutdown be not normal and\/or I must be mistaken !
GPS	NEG	1	this product be just awful . it take forever to acquire a satellite . once it do , it be initially confuse as to where it be , basically think it be at the last destination it reach . I have faithfully update the firmware every time a new iteration come out and the product do not get any better . in area where there be a lot of street , it get confused and send you in the wrong direction . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I would give it zero star if Amazon have such a rating .
GPS	POS	4	this be a must have for the Geomate jr. . Order they together because there be so may cache be hide all the time they only way to stay on top of they be with the update cable . I have a little trouble get the driver for it , that take some effort . however I be use google chrome -lrb- not support yet -rrb- I switch to Internet Explorer and it work with out a glitch .
GPS	POS	5	it be very easy to use . Easy to set up . very exact with instruction . graphic and sound be just right . I highly recommend this product .
GPS	POS	5	the product be exactly what I be look for . arrive in quick order and the product work just great .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this Garmin Forerunner so I could track in detail , all the aspect of my run . Heartrate , distance , pace , elevation gain and lose etc. . I love it ! only thing I can see as a small drawback be the short battery life . otherwise all be good , just put it on its plug in cradle when not in use there should be no worry .
GPS	POS	4	I really like the city select and nroute . how it help a traveler who do not know where he be go in a stange place . I take it to lax and tour LA with no trouble at all and I have never be to that city before . I do think it need work in out lie area . my son live at the Edwards AFB and the program have trouble find the shortest and fastest route . I think because it always try to get you to a major high no matter how far out of the way it take you . I realize the program writer do not always know how the secondary road be go to be . take that into account , my glad I have it and will use it often .
GPS	POS	5	wow ! very good satelite reception close to the window . Grear German product i be use for aviation too .
GPS	POS	4	although a little bulky on the wrist , this device log you location accord to GPS and heart rate from the chest transmitter , during you training and allow you to upload it to a pc for further analysis . this be probably the feature I find most useful as it allow you to monitor you improvement -lrb- or otherwise -rrb- over time by compare the result of you training session . I personally do not find the display too useful and tend not need to look at it during training as there be far too much information on it to take in , although I understand that it be possible to reduce\/customise this . if Garmin could reduce the size of the device by take the display off altogether , it would be great ... the only other dislike be that the hear rate monitor transmitter be a little bulky and be not compatible with most standard gym equipment , which be annoying , however as the watch be log all the datum anyway , it be not too bad . the time take to lock onto the satelite from switch the device on be a bit variable , sometimes connect in seconds and other time upto 5 minute . I could understand this behavior if I be turn it on in a very different location to where I turn it off , but I always turn the device on and off outside my house ... all in all , a very useful gadget .
GPS	NEU	3	Voice direction very hard to follow . verbal articulation be poor . System give forwarning , sometime too far in advance you need to know where you be go ahead of time so you do not get direct off onto another freeway when it say stay right .
GPS	POS	4	I have have a Magellan before and while I still love that because of the ease of use ; this tom tom be also too good . the only con : 1 . do not warn with sound that we have to take turn at any point 2 . sometimes calculate the route incorrectly overall : I would definitely suggest for the $ 80 I pay for this !!
GPS	POS	5	I buy this for my father for father 's day last year because he have to drive a average of 6 hour a day for he work and sometimes have to drive to other state where he doese not know much about the road . he be use a old Garmin that he work give he that be aboout 10 year old . it be good , but it be tiny and he eyesight be not what it use to be . ever since I get it for he he have love it . the screen be really big so he have no problem see it , the picture be really lively and have good color , and be very descriptive in how it mark the road , body of water , yourt location , the route to take , and where to turn . the voice be very clear -lrb- there be only one -rrb- , and when ever you be to make a turn it make a sound like ding-dong , with the pitch different for go left , right , or straight . if you do not like that you can turn it off or choose a different sound in the option . the highway assist feature be really good , where it show green highway sign and then light up the one for you to take . there be alot option about what you want it to show on the screen , like the time , eta , you cadinal direction , elevation , speed , ect . the UI be also very good and easy to use , and when you put in a address it use the feature where you only have to type in a few letter of of a address and it block out the letter that do not make any sense , and it give you a listing of the address which be close to it and you can choose from they . my Dad say he really like that feature . a word about the mount : if you be go to use this for any great amount of time , you should get the extend mount that Magellan sell . the basic mount it come with be just ok but pretty cumbersome and clumsy . the extend mount be like the same end piece but its attach to a big arm that attach to you windshield instead of you dash . my father hasent have any trouble update the firmware . this do not have any feature like mp3 playing or photo album but my Dad say people at he work have Garmin Nuvis with those feature and he do not need they . you can watch movie play from a laptop on this though if you have the right cable , it also have a sd slot . this gp be so good that one time my parent stay over at a motel and leave this on the windshield , and someone smash in the window and steal it . so I have to get he another one . so over all , this be not perfect , but its one of the best gp 's out there .
GPS	POS	5	Perfect size for a readable display while fitting nicely on the bike . great flexibility in select field and field size for up to five training page . manual clearly describe how to customize the GPS . map be helpful , and virtual partner be a motivator to make a extra push . hard to imagine what they could do to improve it !
GPS	NEG	1	this and all of the TomTom product seem full of bug . with the 3 people I know that have different model we have all have problem . anything from break within day of buy it to just bad direction . you can be in a parking lot and this thing will make you leave the lot , take a left , drive in a complete u , and then take a right . do it all the time rather then just tell I to take a right out of the parking lot . TomTom be just junk as they be make in China and they act like it . try one of the other brand do not get stick like i do .
GPS	POS	4	First of all , the 5 '' screen do the trick for I . Amazon offer it for 200 when best buy have it for 279 and Frys Electronics for 250 . I have not get to use all the feature yet , but do just hook up the bluetooth for my phone . only thing I be have problem with be get more accents\/languages on my gp , I put a 4gb micro sd card in it and still can not get the extra space for they to fit . probably just need to work at it more , but otherwise this gp make my day , be that I just move to a new major city . thank you Garmin ! P.S. . if you go to Garmin 's website they have a application you can download and have you own voice give you direction after record many word and sentence . I 'll get a girlfriend of mine to put she voice on there though . Garmin ... get Cartman 's voice , Keifer Southerland , dane Cook , Etc. . voice file !
GPS	POS	5	previous review highlight the many plus and a few minus feature , but as a moderately technical , but always lose person , I find the Garmin V to be my salvation . I like the `` find '' feature and the ability to find destination and route to they in a battery-saving `` inside mode '' before set off .  best thing - easy to read display -lrb- backlit with cigarette adaptor for night -rrb- give several advance warning of next turn . go off the suggest route , the unit immediately recalculate to you destination . waypoint can be easily set to retrace a route . set up HOME mean I can easily find my way back without wander as I have in the past .  the downloadable map be up to date and point of interest as restaurant , bank , gas station and hotel will be very useful when travel . the 19 mb of memory be the only downside . I can load all of the SF Bay area , but if I go to another area such as Sacramento or LA , I will have to do some swap -- I consider that a very minor inconvenience .  i love this unit - it be everything I could ask for at a reasonable price . my husband like it as well and be amaze the satellite access be free .
GPS	POS	5	I just buy the GPS for my sister a week ago and it have a internal antenna which make it possible to receive signal even inside they home while my Nuvi 250w be a bit horrible on signal reception . a great price for a great gp I say .
GPS	POS	4	I have be use this gp around the Boston area for about a month , and I think it deserve a solid 4 star , but some quirk keep it from earn 5 star . I be debate between this and the 3790 -lrb- which ultimately prove prohibitively expensive -rrb- . I be very happy with the large size of the 2460 - the 3790 be nice and slim and pedestrian-style portable but I have only use my gp in pedestrian mode once . have a bigger device in my hand do not cause a problem for the short amount of time I be use it . the eco-score feature have actually get I to drive more efficiently -lrb- i.e. more slowly -rrb- on the highway and I have experience a real increase in my mpg rating -lrb- I use to score about 26mpg , now I be up around 30 -rrb- . I love the `` at the pump '' feature , which track you mpg rating when you put in mileage and fuel stats . the ability to customize the home screen be great , too . I have add link button for `` where be I '' and `` at the pump . '' Bluetooth work great and I be thrill to be able to use the voice command to access my address book . speak of voice command , it be a great feature that I be happy to have . I would say it be about 85 % accurate . it can not hear you if you have get the radio on -lrb- big deal , just turn it down for 5 seconds -rrb- and I feel much safer use vocal command to find my destination than lean over the dash to type they in while drive . unfortunately , the Garmin keep disappointing I with the way it route I around heavy traffic . most of my driving be on the highway in suburbia and the traffic datum be supposedly pull in over a FM link and in my case be only accurate\/updated if you be within a certain -lrb- close -rrb- distance of the city of Boston , so usually I find out too late that heavy traffic be ahead . it also often suggest I get off the highway and back on a mile down the road , which never work out in my favor . I be think I will shut off the traffic avoidance feature altogether . in the Garmin 's defense , when you be in traffic in the Boston area , there be no way to avoid it in any meaningful way regardless of what gp you have . a few time I have tell it to take I home through local road , and I have enjoy the slow and easy scenic drive and have not worry about get lose , but they have not really save I any time during my commute . all in all , I be very happy to have get this device , especially since I get it on sale for $ 200 . I feel good know I have lifetime map and love the voice command feature and the large size . traffic datum have be a letdown but that be my only major complaint .
GPS	NEG	2	buy the gp almost a year ago . at first it work fine but after several month I notice that I do not get any map update . I contact customer support and after several fail attempt to fix the issue they find out that my account be not setup with the right map update definition . they fix my account but now when download the new map update something go wrong and my device be unusable . I send the device to TomTom and 2 week later get a refurbish one hope that this would be the end of it . unfortunately not . few week later TomTom distribute a software update but apparently it have some bug . after install the update my device go funny again -lrb- stop charge , will not stay on when not connect to power -rrb- . so again I open a ticket with the support and again they ask I to reset my device and all kind of nonsense that do not help a bit . and again I have to ship my device to they -lrb- on my expense ! -rrb- so they will send I another refurbish device after 2 week -lrb- the 2nd time -rrb- . few day ago I get my 3rd refurbish device only to find out now that once again I can not update the map . I need to contact customer support again . when the GPS be work I love it . they have the best route algorithm and it be extremely easy to operate but they support be awful and this model have too many issue . do not buy TomTom until they improve they device quality and they support .
GPS	NEG	2	I have own this unit for a couple of year , and I have upgrade the software recently as well -lrb- rev 5.4 -rrb- . I would not buy another gp of this model , and I have doubt about Magellan product in general after my experience with this unit . my reason be a little different than other reviewer . on my unit , the electronic compass be unreliable , and have to be recalibrate every week . this be particularly so if it be use around the electromagnetic environment of a vehicle , and whenever battery be change . most importantly , there be no warning that the compass need to be reset . therefore you might find yourself walk along a head that be completely inaccurate , without realize it . one of the key issue when use a unit like this be trust , and in particular trust when in the ` nearly lose , semi panic ' situation that we all hope to never find ourselves in . my unit fall short often enough that I can not trust some of the datum I be get . in a effort to improve reliability I have set the compass orientation to `` GPS course '' , so that when the compass fail , then at least the direction of movement on the map will be reliable . however I find it disconcert when ` head ' be so dramatically incorrect . evidently ` head ' be datum derive from the internal compass , and the unit be happy to give datum that be inconsistent with it be own datum from the GPS direction . for example , when walk quickly east , the unit will always accurately show my movement on the map as east , even when the electronic compass have lose calibration . however on the next screen the ` head ' will be label as a ridiculous 221 degree , or some other bizarre number , even when the unit be pointed directly along the eastward line of movement . it seem to I that it should be easy for the unit to be program to show a warn to the user that the compass be give inaccurate datum , since the datum from the unit be in conflict with itself . if such a warning be reliable , then I would at least know when the unit need recalibration . sadly , Magellan seem to have make no effort to accomplish this . without a internal check of the electronic compass I would not trust this unit to get I out of trouble . in some way I should have anticipate this . clearly , a gp should not be rely on for simple information as to which way north be . it be much better for pinpoint you exact location , ultimately the most important datum that a gp offer . therefore if I ever need to buy another gp I would get one that do not have a internal compass . it would be nice if Magellan be to offer a software upgrade that allow the user to turn off the internal compass , so that battery use would be lower and datum would be more reliable . spurious datum be worse than no datum at all .
GPS	POS	5	I do so much research before buy this product and see a couple of negative review , but I think they must have just have a defective product because mine be wonderful . it be the first navigation system I have ever own and would definitely buy from Mio again . the feature be great , the wide selection of map color option be great , and the volume be appropriate . my only disappointed moment be when I realize that I would have to buy a separate memory card to save MY POI and stuff . but since I get such a great deal on it -lrb- $ 175 -rrb- , I can still afford to buy a memory card !
GPS	POS	5	I use this gp almost daily . I pickup and deliver car for a dealership both locally and out of state . it have work great for I everytime . anyone look for a gp this Garmin be a very good choice .
GPS	POS	5	I have to throw my experience in here after read many negative review about Garmin customer service . I first have a Garmin V Deluxe then upgrade to the 60c . I love my 60c ... I be certain there be some con , but I can not think of many right now . it would be great to have expandable memory . customer service : I have trouble with my Mapsource software cd . I get a response email within 48 hour ... and they replace my CD within the week . I have a question about function on my gp v and I get a reply again within 48 hour . two different occassion I get great support from Garmin . it may not be typical , but it do happen . back to the 60c ... I really like it . I use it while hike to keep track of the trip -lrb- odometer , time elapse , back track -rrb- I use it geocach . I use it in the car . -lrb- smaller screen but still useable -rrb- the color make it really nice and clear .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this Garmin nuvus 1350lmt 4.3-inch portable GPS navigator with Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates recently . it take I 4-5 hour download the update map as expect . but I be not very happy with the distorted sound when it be give I direction . I return the product and request for a replacement . it only take 2 day which I be very pleased . however , to my dismay , the replacement product have the same distorted sound problem .
GPS	NEG	1	review of nuvi 1490lmt strike 1 - it take over 6 hour to register and update to the latest map -lrb- t1 connection -rrb- . Garmin will not work with any browser other than Explorer and it have to be a older version . strike 2 - first long trip -lrb- it estimate 6.5 hour -rrb- it direct I to travel a road load with small town and stop light . I think that it would have add a estimate stop light time into the trip but it do not . it would have be faster to take the highway -lrb- a extra 40 mile , but would have save 20 min . and lot of gas -rrb- strike 3 - second trip drive around dc it get lose and take I right downtown next to the National mall -lrb- I know there it a lot of construction but the map be suppose to be update quarterly -rrb- after several wrong turn , I find my own way back the direction I need to go . strike 4 - -lrb- I only need three to decide I be send it back -rrb- advertisement ! very annoying . strike 5 - very hard to view the planned map . touch screen move around on its own . strike 6 - when view the full set of datum , the map screen be half size . no way to adjust window size .
GPS	POS	4	ive try several gp unit from Magellan & Garmin & I believe the nuvus 350 was\/is the best of they . the display on the Garmin 350 be much cleaner than the Magellan 2000 or 3000 & the touch screen be far easier to use than all the different button on the Magellan . and when youre drive down the highway at speed that could kill , you dont want something that go to take you attention away from what youre do . of the Garmin 330 , 340 & 350 I think the satellite reception be faster & more reliable on the NUVI 350 . it always located instantly inside or out & the only time ive lose reception be in a tunnel . deep inside a tunnel . I also prefer the compact size of the 350 . however , that small size come with the price of reduce the speaker -lrb- s -rrb- to 1 small rear mount speaker that face the windshield . this probably fall under the head of a `` personal problem '' as im a long distance truck driver & the truck be fairly loud & im fairly hard of hearing after a few year of these condition . I dont use the NUVI 350 in my car but I suspect the condition allow you to hear it much better . my only other complaint -lrb- and its a small one under that personal problem head again -rrb- be that you cant put more than two -lrb- 2 -rrb- destination in at a time . you can put many different location in the favorite or recently view list ahead of time & then just pick they when you get ready to leave you current or last destination . the NUVI 350 be very versatile & there be several `` work around '' to get what you need out of it . also , if you have no clue as to the address of a location but you do know or have a good idea where it be , you can use a stylus & -lrb- - -rrb- or -lrb- + -rrb- to pinpoint the location & then set it for route . in this mode you can also use you fingertip to `` slide '' the map around to locate a area . very nice & useful . I also like the constant northern point arrow to keep I orient , the 3d map & the clear direction & turn arrow . there also the stats & direction screen that be available at you fingertip . very easy to read & toggle to & from while drive . I havent use the mp3 player or the other function available & probably wont . although id like to hear more from other about the traffic watch service as that could be a useful tool in the right place . all the review ive read -lrb- although they be few -rrb- that didnt give the nuvus 350 at least 4 star seem a little silly . nothing personal , they just seem way over expectant . its just a gp unit after all ... overall , the NUVI 350 ia a great tool . I spend less time look for street sign & address & more time watch out for the traffic all around I . im more confidant when go into larger city & rural area as well as street & road be clearly mark on the NUVI 350 even if there be no sign in sight .
GPS	POS	5	I update from a 4.3 inch screen . really nice unit , I use it to travel the Midwest in my work ! the price be right & shipping be fast . I be very satisfied !
GPS	POS	4	I have no idea how I survive without this . go be the day of printing map before I get in the car ! it be great to arrive in a new city and have no doubt that you will get from point a to point B. it lack a lot of the bell and whistle of other GPS unit , but for I that be a good thing . I do not need all of that other junk . I buy mine last spring and just purchase another exactly like it for my mom .
GPS	POS	4	this be my third Garmin GPS product . I have be satisfy with my other product . I purchase the 1450lmt primarily for the larger screen and the `` advance '' notice capability of upcome lane shifts\/major hwy\/freeway interchange . this , I think would be a big help for I as a return rver , drive a class A rig this time , as I try to navigate major interchange in cities\/areas I be unfamiliar with . to test the efficieny of the new GPS , we take it on a recent trip -lrb- auto -rrb- in the local area where we do know the interchange . the experience leave I with one wish , `` that the system provide longer lead time before warning of the upcome lane shift . '' one notice be .9 mile away and another be .6 mile . in some area and under some traffic condition , this be not sufficient to be able to manuever a 35 foot rig , or even some normal size vehicle safely . this be not a `` complaint '' , just a observation . I be otherwise fully satisfy with the unit . I will add a map recon to my plan to supplement the GPS timing prior to head into the war zone with the GBOY .
GPS	POS	5	I buy the Garmin 7200 for the big 7 '' screen to use in we motor home . I do a lot of search and read forum before decide on this one . the text to speech be the greatest as it tell I to move to the right lane more than enough advance of the exit or turn , very important drive a motor home or any vehicle for that matter . if I make a wrong turn it direct I right back to the my route . my wife be the navigator and say it be the best addition to the motor home . she say it be a big stress reliever . we can go off the schedule route and get right back on in the shortest time without worry . the pous 's be wonderful , National Parks , gas station , store almost anything .
GPS	NEG	1	I get one of these piece of junk for my birthday a year ago - I think it have work a total of once . first , the mount arm do not keep the product at a angle where it can be view . I contact TomTom and they tell I that my mount arm be not part of a recall of mount arm - so I have to buy a new one . I do - twice - neither work . I call TomTom again and they tell I that the mount arm frequently malfunction when the temperature be over 80 degree - I live in Texas - the temperature be over 80 degree 6 month of the year . next , I have to constantly restart the TomTom - it seem to not like to work for more than a couple of hour at a time . then , yesterday , I try to restart it and nothing happen so I box the whole thing up -lrb- 3 docking arm and all -rrb- and mail it back to TomTom . save you money - get a Garmin !
GPS	NEG	2	purchase in March ' 12 . bad connection w \/ charge mechanism within gp to start with . map update become available and everything become a big mess ! file go miss , have to contact Garmin via several email & countless phone call . just one big headache . also buy a car charger that the cord split within 2 mo . and be return a `` refurbish '' one . spend a little more $ $ $ and hopefully get a better product .
GPS	NEG	2	I buy this product as a gift . the first time we use it , I be disappoint . a awful lot of the direction be just not right , and there seem to be no recalculate once you decide to change you route a bit - it just keep try to get you back on the original route it pick for you . the color on the screen be fine and dandy , but that do not make up for the fact that the direction be so unspecific that we be scratch we head wonder what the heck to do on the road . I see a review that say `` best turn-by-turn gp on the market . '' I hardly see how this be possible with direction like , `` take the next exit , '' which , at speed of 55 mph on the highway , be just too unspecific , combine with the fact that street , exit number and right or left turn be never indicate , just a very generic , `` take the next exit . '' further , a lot of time there be a direction , `` in 200 foot , stay to the right '' when there be both exit ramp and branch in the road . we use another gp system that give plenty of count-down warning to the next turn , tell we which WAY to turn -lrb- how important be that when give direction ? -rrb- , with a reminder when we be right at the turn to , in fact , turn there . I have read about some map update due out in January of 2005 . we 'll download they and give it a whirl , but if it turn out to be as nonspecific as it have be up to this point , I 'll gladly trade the awsome color screen for the correct direction every time .
GPS	POS	5	purchase this to replace a old Garmin Street pilot that I could not get map update for . wow , thing change in six year . this unit work flawlessly . it come with lifetime map update . the traffic hazard feature work great . it be easy to set up and be just what I need .
GPS	POS	5	this model be easy to navigate thru & easy to use . have not have any issue . this be use for we delivery service & do what be need for that . do not have all the bell & whistle but for go from point a to point b it do the job . we do not need all the extra the other model have . it come with life time map update . for the price it serve we well .
GPS	POS	5	I love my new Garmin ! so glad I get one with lifetime update as the last one I have be a real pain to deal with . my old Garmin stop work and I be use the gp on my phone and be find it difficult to use the phone for multiple thing at once . . best to use a separate device for the gp ! this one a bit bigger so it be really easy to read . ca not think of anything negative to say so give it 5 star . .
GPS	POS	5	I receive this as a gift and it be everything that I need . I use it everyday for my commute and the traffic update have save I many time ! the lane assist be another feature I think be just stellar ! more then once I would have make the wrong lane choice with my old Garmin , but the lane assist save the day . there be some hole in the traffic update coverage that I find on a recent road trip , but I be able to work around those with no issue . I know this be a older model now , but if you be interested in try a Garmin , I would get this one all over again !
GPS	POS	5	a excellent device for marathon training . I be run my first marathon in October and in a sort of weird way , this device be key to keep I on target . I use it for the entire week , against my set training plan -lrb- 32 mile this week -rrb- without charge it . at the end of the week , I pop it in the dock to download datum and recharge . I use it primarily to track my mileage , time , and pace . I also look at heart rate and elevation to determine improvement . the real beauty of this device be the ability to run ANY route you want , without even think about the distance before hand . the garmin Training Center software be so-so . I would really like to do more with the datum in term of analysis and graphing , but it be a pain with the raw datum -lrb- export function -rrb- . I understand you can use the web software -lrb- motionbased or connect -rrb- to do more , but I have not experiment yet with the web software . as for size , some have complain about it , BUT I do not have any problem with the size . I do not have big wrist either . it be certainly larger than a watch and it do take up a good portion of the top and side of the wrist . look at it this way , you look like a serious runner with it ! it \* may \* be a problem for a petite female with very small wrist . the heart monitor be also no big deal . I wear it all the time , and barely know it be there . sometimes when I sweat a lot , it start to slip down a little . you can either tighten it or occasionally re-adjust as you run . I do not like it tight , to ease my breathing . as for reliability ... no issue . Works flawlessly . it do take a couple of minute to acquire satellite signal prior to run . I be glad I do not buy the newer 405 base on its review . -lrb- but the new 310xt look very nice -rrb- in my opinion , you can not go wrong with the 305 .
GPS	POS	5	I love my Garmin 305 ! I be not sure I would care about the Heart Rate Monitor but after a month of use I be so into it . I only wish the `` training center '' software would be update and that it be easier to edit .
GPS	POS	5	I have be want to plug my usb printer into my network for a while now , so that all of my computer can print without have to keep one `` server '' computer on all the time . first , I use a custom firmware for my router , and plug the printer into its usb port . it be alright , but print job would take a few seconds to `` arrive '' at the router , and the firmware end up brick my router . so I look into this device . my printer be not on the support printer list , but I guess that it would be fine because it be a pretty basic `` print only '' printer , a Samsung ml-1660 . I do not install any software that come with this print server - I just plug it in , find its IP address by check which `` attach device '' IP address match the MAC address print on the device , and install a new printer on a `` local '' tcp\/ip port , point to the aforementioned IP address . send a test page and it immediately print - exactly what I want - a simple device that do not require any extra software to be install on client computer . work on Windows 7 pro x64 and x86 . highly recommend . only mistake I make be I assume it would not come with a cat5 cable , so I order one with it . turn out it do come with a 6ft black cat5e cable .
GPS	NEU	3	a pesar de que tiene buenas aplicaciones , el tama & ntilde ; o e perfecto , el mismo no viene con la aplicacion que te mide la distancia total de recorrido , ademas de que dura mucho tiempo recibiendo la se & ntilde ; al de lo satelite , pienso que hubiera sido mejor comprar el streetpilot c330 . El uso de la rueda es un poco complicado cuando ya se esta en marcha , hay que practicamente detenerse para poder ir a la aplicacion deseada . Por esas razones es que le doy 3 estrella
GPS	NEG	1	I put it in the car , and suddenly it get it damage , programe obsolescence , 3m dissapoint I . the laser now it doesnt work . but the technology for carpian tunnel its great , mazng , fabulous
GPS	POS	4	I go out of town to Las vegas and take my new Garmin with I . it work great ! I be able to find my way around town , and even into the desert . the traffic option be cool , but there be a occasional popup . but free traffic info be worth the small blurb . the search function , which I use to find hotel be a bit laggy . if you have a address , it be quick . all around a great device . this be my first Garmin . I buy a Tom Tom at a discount deal-a-day website , and be painfully disappoint . this be a great value with unlimited lifetime map . very accurate .
GPS	NEU	3	this bag be a perfect fit for we street pilot , however the bag be thin with very little padding so we end up put it in a bigger bag to protect it while not in use .
GPS	POS	5	purchase for my parent -lrb- 80 year old -rrb- . they love it . Easy to use , and so far seem to be very accurate .
GPS	NEG	1	the description say you can use this for a Magellan Roadmate 3055 which be what I have . in fact , it will not fit . I be sure if you have a smaller Roadmate version it will fit but NOT a 3055 . the seller need to update the misleading description . thanks .
GPS	POS	4	debate for some month before buy this `` watch '' -- a inadequate name for a runner 's toolkit whether a beginner or a veteran . read complaint about slow Satellite location but for I location be prompt , 30 seconds at most , and the GPS provide very reliable metric . Watch display be easy to to see even in low light and with my hazy vision ; but it be also lightweight with a wide well-ventilated band and good water resistance if you run in the rain . Buttons -- only four ; good-size ; easy to use and well-separated on the case so you press what you mean to press . Manual 's direction work easily . still more function to try e.g. heart rate monitoring and computer tracking of run . but the watch also store history of run for awhile include time , distance , rate , calorie , date , etc. which be great . I would have love a mapping function for use while I be travel -- but that be hundred more in expense and be not in my budget . a great solution for my need -- almost perfect and very reasonable -- deliver in day from the date of order .
GPS	POS	5	this be we second Garmin . we first Nuvi map be out of date and do not reflect the change during we recent trip . buy the 1450lmt because of its 5 inch screen . so far work as state in feature . very happy with this unit and the life time map update .
GPS	POS	5	Works great . very accurate gp . I like the soft rubber on the chest band . fit better than the Nike or Polaris I try . just wish it be a little cheaper .
GPS	POS	4	the unit I receive from Amazon quit work just before the 30 day return period . I leave on vacation just after it arrive and do not really start to use it until I get back . I ultimately end up get a new unit direct from Garmin . my main reason in note this be that the first unit arrive obviously have be open previously -lrb- light dust on the rubberized grip ; user manual crease , etc. -rrb- while I understand that people return product and vendor need to try and resell they , I wish they would identify they as such . I suspect this unit get return because it be act erratic , but it be miss or ignore by Amazon . basically I think the Garmin GPS unit be fine ; I be just annoy with Amazon .
GPS	POS	5	look no further , I want to find more information about this watch and do some more extensive research before my purchase . then I stumble onto this blog by dc rainmaker and I be sell ! this review be the most informative review I find so far . I have have the watch for almost a month now and I love it and get exactly what I expect from the review . great training device , and most importantly I think the watch make the run that much more fun . -lrb- ... -rrb-
GPS	NEG	2	last for a few time but now fall off the windshield all the time . can not stay on for more than 15-20 minute at a time . have try clean the cup surface but do not help much . would look for a better product
GPS	POS	5	awesome product , better than the unit in my Lexus . give you traffic delay and route option on the fly . only criticism be it not easy to cancel you route once you set it , without go into a bunch of other screen . should have a active cancellation button on the screen at all time .
GPS	POS	5	great item for hand free operation , I use this mount for my bike it be configuration work well , the attachment plate snap in place but it could be a lot more sell snap ! I have to apply some supper glue to make the attachment permanent . this be because of during extreme road vibration due to bump and dip , the main face plate would pop off and cause flip out of its clip , the grip of the holster do its job hold the phone in place very firm grip ; it save my phone from damage . over all I be happy to use this device for hand free operation .  bracketron rwa-201-bl Golf Cart Mount with Grip-iT for GPS
GPS	NEU	3	I purchase this unit and be highly excite with get a gp that be large enough for my aging eye to program and see . I be also aware of my husband warning that I need to go to the store and purchase the item so I could see that it really be not a return or a refurbish item . I tell he that it be a `` new '' item as describe in all of the purchasing detail . the GPS arrive as schedule but be not new , the box have a `` new '' round sticky over the original round sticky that seal the box that have be slice open , the GPS itself have the seal that be place over a `` original '' purchase item re-stuck to the back of the gp and the thin film that surrond the unit be fragmented and less than adhering to the GPS . I be so disappointed , I be now unsure of exactly what I receive . it may have be a return and never be use , but do that make it `` new '' . have it be `` refurbish '' , I do not want refurbish , I want what I assume I be purchase and now I do not have a clue what I have . you have take the joy out of my purchase and I will not be back . shame on Amazon ...
GPS	POS	4	why the speed display be wrong I use the 1450 for about 1 month , this week , I find several time , that the speed rate be not correct . it be very terrible . i do not know why , I will have to restart it . when the wrong occur , the voice message will delay , so , I miss some intersection . it be dangerous for I to adjust it during drive . by the way , the map have be update . and , in some area the road be under construction . the GPS do not know .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy the Streetpilot c330 from CompUSA in January , 2009 . at $ 69 sound like a great buy . the unit be easy to use , good overall quality . the first hint of trouble start when the unit could not pinpoint my home address . I find out that the unit have outdate 2005 map , very old for city like Orlando , Florida . I contact Garmin 's customer support . I be tell that Garmin decide not to extend its new map guarantee to a older product . the new map warranty be only good on new product ! why would new product need new map ? how convenient ! refurbish the old junk , sell it cheap , and sell the dupe customer a expensive set of map . of course when you buy the unit they will tell you it be as good as new !
GPS	POS	5	I previously own a older Nuvi GPS and really like it , but the map be get outdated and decide to go with one that have lifetime map . this newer Nuvi do everything my older one do and so much more . I be so glad I get it .
GPS	POS	4	I receive a Garmin Nuvi 350 through Amazon at a substantial savings to best buy , etc. . out of the box I be able to turn it on and use it to find a banquet I have to go to that night . I do not even have to enter the address , I just enter the name of the banquet hall and it take I right there . there be almost no learning curve and it have not let I down yet as far as accuracy . this include a recent trip to Colorado for skiing .
GPS	NEG	2	it do everything I buy it to do , and it do it well . the problem be I pay for this item , and they have no right to show I ad . today I accidentally click on a ad and it freeze up on I . I call costumer support , and they tell I my only option be to turn off traffic , or to pay they another $ 50 dollar .
GPS	NEU	3	the fit be a bit too snug , but it do work . give good protection to my Garmin 255w 4.3 inch gp . however , after use for 9 month -lrb- about one trip every 1-2 month -rrb- , the glue use to hold the strap in the case begin to ooze and get on the GPS case , so I be downgrade my rating . I try slip the gp into a tissue , napkin , plastic bag , etc. hope that would protect it or stick to the ooze glue , but the fit be so tight that the GPS just push through the bottom of whatever you wrap it in . I do store the GPS in the case between use ; perhaps not store the GPS in the case at home might help ... less strain on the strap . -lrb- however , it ooze when store in the middle of a trip , not during a long storage -rrb- I pick up a cheap smart phone case to try instead .
GPS	NEU	3	buy it new for 300 on ebay , it do work well when it work but unfortunatly , it do not always work . there would be time when it just would not turn on . never have any problem with get support from Magellan , but they do not know what to do either . slow to find signal but good in hold it and recalculate when miss exit . again , you get what you pay for and this unit be certaily not woth more then $ 300 .
GPS	POS	5	execellent easy to use device with lot of option . also the unit 's graffic be fun and cute . it take AA battery so it be not difficult to power . it also have a car adapter that you can purchase , but I do not recomend use it in a car since it do not have map software build in . it seem more for explore by foot or watercraft .  the product seem well make , and easy to find if you drop it . it also be supposidly waterproof .  the manual be a easy read , and there be a pamphlet that come with it that allow you to jump right in without know too much .  i pick this item up because it be recommen on the gecaching website as be a good value .
GPS	POS	4	great value with the lifetime update . first setup do take a long time . have to log on a couple of time to get it do . have a Garmin , about 3 yr old , the graphic be way better .
GPS	POS	5	the gp come timely and everything look good . I even have extra offer send with the product , which I think be cool . use it , love it !
GPS	POS	4	I choose to upgrade to this version assume that bigger be better . in this case it be not . I have all sort of problem with this gp right off the bat . however I finally give in and contact TomTom customer care . I be so glad I do . it seem the unit I receive just have some bug in it . the representative be so sweet , work through every question I have and with no hestiation do whatever be need to resolve my issue . they truly could not have make it any easier . I wish all place have such great customer service . on a side note in regard to anyone else that have a hard time tell if a destination be on the left or right . the unit do not actually say it but they can program it to show on the screen .
GPS	POS	5	the dual usb car charger for ipad order from Battery World work . that be something right there . and it charge quickly as well as doubly .
GPS	NEG	2	my husband buy I this TomTom for Christmas from Warehouse Deals , Inc -lrb- a part of Amazon - it be the 89.99 version when you click on the new availability -rrb- under the impression that the map be free for lifetime as state on the page . when you get the refurbish unit you do not get the FREE LIFETIME MAPS !! they will only offer a partial credit towards the map purchase ... SMALL portion . I would post this on the seller 's feedback area but the item be not eligible for feedback at this time . as far as the unit go , I have have it for two day and so far love it .
GPS	POS	5	it do not always take you on the right path but it get you where you want to go . it be easy to program and easy to use . I love it and now I will not get lose look for new place to go . product ship on time and arrive in perfect condition .
GPS	POS	4	I buy the Forerunner because I enjoy hike and use gp to map my hike . I realize the Forerunner be really design for runner or bicyclist who want to monitor they training and I can see where it would be a outstanding device for that . for hike , it work okay - but a gp device make for hike will work much easier . my main issue with the Forerunner be that interface be very tedious to navigate with the few button on the device and the tiny screen . if you plan to collect waypoint and give they name beyond the default , then get a larger device with easier navigation . if all you want to do be keep track of you route , speed , and heart rate , then this be definintely the unit for you . the only thing that bother I when I use it be that it make my wrist very sweaty . it be quite large on my wrist and the plastic trap sweat underneath . also , the cautionary orange color really add to the geek factor . sometimes I be okay with that , other time I would prefer something more discrete . transfer datum from the unit to my pc be very simple - as be the case with all of the other Garmin unit I have use . it be extremely easy to view the datum in Google Earth where it be fun to see you route on top of the imagery and terrain base map . I be a gi professional so I end up convert the datum into a shapefile format that I can bring into arcgi and add to my map of hike trail .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this Garmin because it seem like it would be easy to use . my daughter have a 350 and she love it . but I do not love mine . it only hold a charge for about 2 hour , it do not come with any external battery charge except a vehicle power outlet cord and when I plug the GPU unit in it immediately go into charge mode and will not operate . same thing when I plug it into my desktop comptuter at home -lrb- with a usb cord from my camera , since one be not supply with the Garmin . -rrb- when it be charge , I can not do anything else : no naviagaion , no download waypoint , nothing . plus , it doen ' t know where anything be ! it send I way out of my way or onto dead end street try to get anywhere ! I do not know anything about other GPS unit , but if they be all like this , who need it ?? I 'll just go back to my old way : highway map and print out from Google map -- they be more accurate anyway ...
GPS	POS	5	it do exactly what it be suppose to do and how could anyone complain at the price ? get one , you 'll love it !
GPS	POS	4	this portable gp be very intuitive , quick and easy to use . after some experience with several pocket pc base gp program , a few portable unit , and OEM install car navigation the Garmin 680 be the easiest to use . the screen be bright enough to see in bright sunlight and change automatically to night mode -lrb- if option be select -rrb- but you will most likely have to manually darken the screen some more if travel in dark area without street light . the traffic delay information be hard to read and I do not think very useful . perhaps if you pull over , stop and study the map with the red slow down area you might be able to select a alternate route . it be not obvious at a glance if it even cover the road and direction you be travel . the shopping and restaurant guide work great if you be very close to the area you want to find they . look for a restaurant fifty mile ahead in a different city be not easy -lrb- unless there be some function on the unit that be bury in the option -rrb- . if you have more than two place to go this Garmin can not create the most efficient route for you . the first two week I have the unit I use it in Hawaii , the West Coast , and Maryland and never have to refer to a paper map . there be only one spot near the Baltimore airport where I miss a turn because the instuction from the Garmin be a little confusing . a word of caution , it be very easy to get so dependent on the Garmin that you can not make it to you local grocery store without it .
GPS	POS	4	I purchase Magellan map 330x two year ago . that one be work really fine . but because its design be not as cute as I would expect , I sell it off eBay one year ago . then I be search for a replacement one , and it be find to be Garmin eTrex Vista . so I purchase it and use it during the 2002 Christmas vacation in California . to my much disappointment , it be really quite inferior to map330 . the only reason I buy it be it it look cute , easy to fit my pocket . however , on technically side , there be many problem . after make painfully decision , I decide to sell it and buy back the map300 again .  First , Garmin 's gp do not come with the detailed city map , which be sell separately for $ 99 + . it be quite expensive . Magellan 's city map come with map330x . -lrb- Garmin 's GPS be already sell higher than comparable Magellan 's -rrb- . second , Vista 's map on the screen be not float . for example , if the street name be `` Main St. '' , and the first two character `` Ma '' be happen to be cutoff on the left side , the screen only display `` in St. '' . very bad , be not it ? map330x 's text name be float to fit in the screen . Third , very very bad , Vista be very slow and difficult to lock the satellite signal . and once it do lock , it be quite easy to get lose -lrb- see other review for any Magellan GPS -rrb- . this be the main problem that make I abandon it finally , even though I like its stylish design so much . fourth , once it lose the satellite signal , it display the message on the bottom of all screen and just will not go , which block the necessary information -lrb- such as elevator , distance , street name , etc. -rrb- that I will like to see even though the signal be off . Fifth , it be quite difficult to navigate the map to left , right , up or down . in map330x , you just move the cursor , use one hand only , can do it , whilea same functionality in Vista need two step and need two hand . it be not likely to do it during drive . Sixth , although Vista outside design be quite cute , its button location be very bad . it be very difficult to manipulate they use one hand during the driving . you may say it be not suppose to use it during drive . but use it during drive , so what , it be just a quite look on the screen , just like drink a soda or eat a bite of mcdonald . it do not cause any problem when use probably . plus , it be only useful during the drive when one need to figure out if he\/she be in the right direction on highway , or if miss a exit , and how far it be need to get the destination . without the proper use of it with one hand , you bet how many people will be buy a gp . Seventh , when Vista be first turn on , it lock the screen to scan the satellite frequency -lrb- which be already quite long compare with map330x -rrb- and do not allow you to go to any other screen further . this be also very bad feature . sometime I just want to see the map of last location , I do not really need to track the current location ; or I just want to setup configuration , why should I have to wait the satellite signal ? there be also other major issue such as not show what be the version number of the firmware , how much memory be leave , what kind of external map be load , etc. .  in this deflationary world , I make purchase carefully on high-tech gadget . I understand the price will drop quickly . so if I do buy it , I really expect to own it and consider the money be discard . if a company do not provide a good product , it can not expect to sell it too many , because nowadays there be on-line auction and trading site everywhere . if a customer do not like the product generally after use it , he\/she will sell it , say , at eBay . therefore , the used one get circulate again and again in the secondary trading market , make the new one difficult to be mass sell .
GPS	NEG	1	one of the primary reason I buy a Garmin 1450 LMT be the offer of lifetime map update as I have have problem in the past with out of date gp system . now I be leave on a trip and it be time to perform a update but the unit seem incapable of do so . the update software see my gp attach via usb and recognize the model and serial number but when I tell it to update , it fail say that there be not enough room on the device , delete unnecessary file . the problem be that I have not add any file ! I recognize that over time Garmin 's map get larger and there be a finite amount of memory on the unit but this unit be only a few month old . how can Garmin market a unit as have lifetime update and then have it run out of room in a few month ? this seem extremely irresponsible of the company and they should offer a replacement unit that be capable of receive map for some time into the future . I have use several Garmin product in the past and be happy but I be very disappoint in this one and in Garmin 's approach to marketing seemingly inadequate unit . I will gladly rewrite this in a positive note if Garmin agree to fix the problem and turn this around because otherwise I be happy with the device .
GPS	POS	5	this strap be so much more comfortable than the one that come with the watch . it be easy to install , and the charge dock fit nicely and without trouble . the only suggestion be to attach the strap reverse of how the direction suggest . I think attach this way make the watch easier to put on .
GPS	POS	5	receive promptly and item be package well . great to do business with . thank you .
GPS	POS	4	I need to replace my eTrex Legend and buy the 60cx and want a cover for it like I have on my etrex . I purchase this cover and be quite surprised to see that although it cover the unit , there be no way to connect it to anything . my Garmin eTrex cover have come with it be own clip so that you could attach it to you backpack , etc. . this cover be just that ... a cover and nothing more . you must purchase , separately , a clip device if you actually wish to hang you gp on you backpack or where ever . the cover itself seem nice and cover the unit well . push the button through the plastic window be slightly cumbersome but that be expect . it be rather a pain to put the cover on\/off though when you have the lanyard and the button clip attach to you gp . but all in all , it cover and protect you gp screen which be why you be buy the thing . but it should have a clip attachment on it or the fact that it do not should be make quite clear .
GPS	POS	4	I receive this gp device in mid December of 2006 and find that it work very well . the unit provide accurate direction and with the new SiRF chipset I be able to maintain a signal even in my house . I be a contractor and the main reason I purchase this unit be have the ability to find lumber yard , hardware store , etc. where ever I might be work and this functionality work great . there be two reason that this unit do not receive 5 star : 1 -rrb- even though there be 7 bazillion pous there have be case where large company store have not appear on the unit list -lrb- my local Lowe 's be a example -rrb- . 2 -rrb- several time I have take short trip -lrb- 10 - 15 minute -rrb- and within that time space the unit will still be in the `` acquire satellite '' mode . I have contact Garmin support and they suggest reset the unit . during these trip I know where I be go and do not need the device for direction however if I be rely on the unit to get I somewhere the 10 + delay acquire satellite would be annoying . despite my two note list above I would still buy this unit again and would recommend it . it be accurate , recalculate fast and be very easy to use . in fact it even keep the kid entertain .
GPS	POS	4	the watch have perform well and have a lot of feature . the menue be very intuitive and easy to use . my only complaint be that one of the pin that hold the watch to the strap pop out when I be try to squeeze through a door - not as strong of a design there as I would have like . the watch also seem to loose satelite more often then the Timex Bodylink that I have . but I consider it a better watch and it be a better value than the 305 .
GPS	POS	4	this be a nice unit . I especially like the large screen size and the 20 gig hard drive . I have down-load many album onto the 10 gig set aside for mp3 music and use this feature constantly on trip . use the gp require some investment in time study the manual and experiment with the different trip option that be available until it become second nature . the unit come with user friendly and efficient mount hardware . on hot sunny day it be sometimes necessary to turn on the a\/c and set it to blow through the defroster vent to cool the unit . this be no problem though since the unit will tell you when it be get too hot . I have no regret about buy Lowrance .
GPS	NEG	2	this be my second attempt at a `` gp design specifically for Truck Drivers . '' the first be a teletype worldnav 720060 which also fail miserably for the price you pay . I digress , the device and accessory require for operation seem to be make with decent quality . consider it be make by pc miler I would expect this to be A.J. square away . this be a poor asumption on my part . as far as route be concern it be a disaster . I previously use co-pilot Truck on my laptop and it route pretty descent . I figure this unit would be the same but that also turn out to be another poor assumption . the device much like the teletype warn you be on restricted route when you be not and every exit ramp you pass it display a pous icon indicate that Truck service be near when they be not . a lot of the pous 's display on the map cease to exist at all . any truck gp that instruct you to make a u-turn when there be clearly alternate truck friendly route available should be consider to be very unreliable in my personal opinion . I pay $ 255 for a refurbish unit and I must say , I be terribly dissapointed with this unit . the map be very slow to navigate . if you need to move it around to see you destination or verify the itinerary you will find it somewhat troublesome that in the year 2010 that a company would even put something like this out for sale . it be very sluggish . the same also apply to when you be enter a destination address , it lag almost 2 full seconds behind what you be do . there be several area that it completely give false information such as street name in relation to what town they be actually located in . very frustrating when try to plan a trip . I guess in closing , I would be happy if I could get my Omnitech GPS software to run in this ; otherwise , it will be put up for auction like the rest of the failure . the next try will be a Rand McNally Truck GPS which I have read very good thing about . but then again I do for this as well .
GPS	POS	4	great product , essential training aid , work well and datum be reliable . only downfall be that it be a little bulky .
GPS	NEG	1	if you wonder why the 340 cost more than the 350 , read the review . this be the DumDum TomTom . the menu be simplify for you convenience and if that be not you idea of a good thing , you should move on . I do not really have a problem with that . what I have a problem with be TomTom break the unit \* after \* I buy it ! I buy this unit because it would read street name . I get it home , do all the update , and figure out which voice I need to use to have the street name announce . then I go for a drive to test the unit , and the street name be not announce . I check to make sure I have the right voice work and even seek out more major street , think that it might not be able to recognize the smaller street . finally , I go home and check out the support forum . turn out that the latest update of the device software break the street name if the volume be set above 80 or 85 % . the volume at 80 % be not enough to hear the unit over freeway noise and moderate radio volume . TomTom acknowledge that they latest update break the street name and say they will fix it `` in a future update . '' great ! nothing like remotely render you product defective . I 'll wait about a week for a software fix and then return the item . if you would like to avoid the hassle , avoid the product .
GPS	POS	4	we buy two of the GPSMAP 76Csx model for we resource staff . after work with the device for a few week , I decide to purchase my own to replace my aging GARMIN eTrex Vista The 76Csx be go to be a great tool for we wetland delineation process . although of low reolution and scale the ability to load the MapSource 1:100000 map will provide a little more detail than the base map . we use DNR Garmin to transfer these point between the device and we arcmap \/ arcgi software . this easily allow we to display we field map coordinate in a geo-referrenced satelite image environment for plan purpose . be able to change datum on the fly be important for we vary datum format . I only wish the unit would accept more text annotation and display it in the mapping software . this would be more useful for discusion of individual point datum .
GPS	NEG	2	after have the 3760t for over a week , I be really disappointed . first , I think the price be way out of line compare to the feature list on other GPS unit at a lower cost . also , the print show street name be so small it it hard to see , let alone read . I have a nuvus 350 that be much better in provide larger print . I also have a NUVI 1450 with lifetime traffic that I really love , but it keep shut off and I have to return it to the retailer . I would have buy the 1490t but I be afraid that it be the 1450 only with traffic and the same circuitry and it might wind up shut off , also . right now , I be not a big fan of Garmin unit . msybe I be expect too much . right now I think I want to return the 3760t even if it mean pay the restock fee and shipping cost .
GPS	POS	5	I be very happy with this product , it be very useful and covered my spectation .
GPS	POS	5	this be my third gp and my first Magellan . it be calculate risk purchase on my part because of the way rating spread from best to worse . and after own if for few month I could see why as I have experience the best and not so best of this gp . the first hurdle be register you gp . how you go about obtain free map update be not clearly explain . there be simplify one page instruction paper include that tell what you must do to get access to you free map update . you be to download and install the free content manager software -lrb- pc only . sorry , no mac -rrb- -lrb- the website be print on the paper -rrb- . Register you product with content manager . note : important to have you pn # ready . on mine , the PN # be locate in a very small font , on the lower right corner of Lifetime Map Updates include paper . you will follow the prompt of Content Manager and register you Magellan . after that you right click the Content Manager icon -lrb- not the shortcut -rrb- and click check for Update now and if go well , the content manager software should show what latest map and firmware update you can download . if any other reviewer see error on my part then do please post correction . I find the GPS easy to use and intuitive . when I first start use it I do notice the position lag that other reviewer have post . however , the latest firmware update eliminate that issue completely . once , the GPS freeze on I . if that happen move the power button from on position to reset position and keep it there until the GPS turn off . I live in San Francisco Bay Area and unlike other reviewer I have be pretty satisfy with how it perform . one feature I be not aware of but it be there be when you hit traffic jam a icon will pop up which if you press it will give alternative direction away from the jam . I be use to GPS announce `` recalculate '' whenever I miss a turn but after a while I get use to Magellan just calculate revise direction without the announcement . I guess buy gp be almost a gamble when you think about it . you rely on other reviewer 's experience to help you make the best possible choice but you may still end up with a dud . I be very happy with this purchase .
GPS	POS	5	this gp be a great deal for the money . would recommend it for anyone .
GPS	POS	5	this be the 2nd gp we have buy . out of the box we just love it . so many POI , very easy to use , you do not even have to read the manual . love the WIFI , seem to work pretty good . I have some problem get it to sign on but still a nice feature . the one thing I really like about it be the next turn be on display , and that really help . the 2nd best feature be once you reach you destination the gp do not keep try to send you back to you location when you leave . for the price of $ 120 , buy it !
GPS	POS	4	excellent product for a amazing price . two year ago , I buy a refurb 2610 for over $ 200 and think it be a wonderful deal . this be a steal . the 2720 have the same housing as the 2610 but they be different in many way . read the manual because the menu be not as intuitive as you may think . I 'll reward you ,
GPS	POS	5	I have use the optional nav system that be a $ 2,000 option in most car , and the Garmin c340 be by far the easiest and best perform nav system I have ever use , at a fraction of the price . it be so user friendly that all I have to do be turn it on and go . the amount of datum pre-loaded into the unit be stagger . my relative that live on a private road with only three other home be in the system . the other system I have use could only get I to a intersection , about a mile away . my only regret be that I do not spend a little more to purchase one that be bluetooth ready . I be thrill with my c340 and purchase it on Amazon.com be easy and fast .
GPS	POS	4	I have have my c330 for a few day now and here be the pro and con as I see they . BOTTOMLINE : if you want a system that be user friendly straight out of the box , and just want to get from point a to b this be the unit for you . price be start to drop , so check everywhere online before you by . be \* frugle \* about it . pro : - Easy to use , no need to read a manual - great accuracy - recalculate route in seconds -lrb- when you turn off route , want to sight see , or want to avoid traffic -rrb- . - detour function work great in real life traffic jams\/accidents - ton of great pous -lrb- point of interest -rrb- - Voice Directions be crisp and clear - Easy to use mount - no load up map before you go ; just press a few button and you be on you way con : - the onscreen keyboard be a bit small , so typing can be frustrating sometimes . - every once in a while it say you destination be a block earlier than what it really be . - every once in a while it say you destination be on the wrong side of the road -lrb- but if you have two eye , it be not a big deal -rrb- - sometimes the suction cup mount need a little coax to release . - you need to be a real techy to use pous loader -lrb- or even find a pous database in the US -rrb- . if anyone have any tip , please POST IT .
GPS	POS	4	so far I have only use the 1300t locally , mostly to find meeting location for my business . the unit have be easy to use and have work perfectly . the traffic feature have be helpful in avoid rush hour traffic . I look forward to try it on a trip in the near future .
GPS	POS	5	I pick this Garmin because I be tire of mess with the ring on my ipod be so fickle . sometime I can not turn it up or down ... and also I can not see it in the sun . with this gp , I can just push a button . the product be easy to see and you can set it many way . also , I find mine to be very accurate .
GPS	NEU	3	voice talk like person have marble in they mouth . many name and direction be hard to understand , could not pronounce ` county ' . some address and street could not be find . incorrectly call out road name . sometimes give wrong direction to turn . we feel that we have to have the appropriate map handy to make sure it be direct we correctly . difficult to enter some city\/road name -- after typing in a few of the letter a list would come up , if you name be not on the list , there be no way to override that list . we do not recommend this product , as we feel it be overhype .
GPS	NEU	3	buy this cover for my 76csx in 3\/2009 . the carry loop break in the first year but that be ok because I switch to use the caribiner plastic loop . now , after 3 + year the stitching hold the carbiner loop have come undo . Re : other comment the cover have always fit well during the 3 + year of use . in particular the stitch around the transparent part of the cover have never be a problem . I agree the caribiner loop be on the wrong end .
GPS	POS	5	this work perfectly . the unit be easy to connect and remove from the base . the base stay put on the dash board .
GPS	POS	5	I be directionally challenge and the GPS be one of the best invention ever . even when you miss a turn , it ` recalculate ' and help you find you way . the Garmin be great , easy to work , easy to read ... aside from my ipod it be the best thing I have ever buy .
GPS	POS	4	this gp systen have not steer we wrong ! this system manuver we through Pittsburgh flawlessly . if a wrong turn be make it re route we quickly and leave no time for panic because we be right back on track . I be extremely pleased with this product and would reccomend it to other . my only concern be download new map , we be unsure how and where this can take place in the future when new map be need . overall , work great and very happy .
GPS	POS	4	we purchase two Garmin nuvus 350 's for Christmas gift . both be work great . I do have a issue when nuvus try to take I over the collapse Interstate 35 Bridge in Minneapolis -lrb- collapse August 1st will not be rebuild until next year -rrb- but when I take one of the two road I could off the ramp it do route I to the address which be great . sometimes I 'll put in a address when I leave home and it will try to take I a route that be not quite regular but when I go the route I know it correct itself . maybe the route it designate be better but I have not try that yet . overall , a great tool and wonderful help in find location quickly .
GPS	NEG	1	I order the Bad Elf before I have hear of the xgps150 . a few day after order I run into a guy at the airport who be use the xgps150 . after chat about it for a few minute , I decide to cancel my Bad Elf order and order the xgps150 instead . Amazon say it be too late to cancel the Bad Elf . I get the xgps150 and use it in the car and airplane and love it . it be external and connect via Bluetooth . today , I decide to try the Bad Elf that have arrive a few day after the xgps150 . First off , it turn off when you close a app that require GPS . then when you reopen the app , the Bad Elf have reacquire the satellite . very annoying . the xgp stay on and connect . switching between app be seamless . the other issue be that the Bad Elf stick out the bottom of the device you connect it to . it be easily knock out and I believe it would be easy to damage you device . in my hour of use it , it get knock out once . at that point , I firmly decide I would return it . I be go to keep be as a backup to the xgps150 . no more . I 'll be order a second xgps150 .
GPS	NEU	3	while I love this technology and I receive it as a gift , there be so many more Garmin on the market now that be blue-tooth compatible , let you change you direction when street be close but the Garmin do not know it -lrb- construction or obstruction -rrb- and that be easier to carrier . the Garmin service be great . I learn to not leave it in the glove compartment because of the heat but it be not easy to carry . still , Garmin repair and send back to I quickly at no charge -lrb- still under warranty -rrb- . try one of the nice pocket model . I travel enough that this be not convenient and I live in a warm climate so if I can not leave it in the car , it be awfully difficult to carry every place I go . -lrb- if someone 's breaking in my glove compartment , I have bigger worry and insurance will cover it . but carry it be like carry a glass baseball in you purse . -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I order the Garmin 350 after do extensive research on Amazon , Consumer Reports and other website that rate the product . I also do a test run at best buy where the sale person be tell a group of people that Garmin be the best from a satellite and map perspective . the price of the Nuvi 350 be well over $ 100 more than at Amazon.com . and , they be out of stock , which tell I that even over $ 100 more it be a good selling item . my motivation to purchase a gp be due to get lose in a very unfavorable\/dangerous section of Philadelphia where as a female alone I be afraid to stop and ask for direction . I be use Mapquest direction that do not take into account construction detour . I have use the Garmin Nuvi 350 for several road trip since my purchase . I can not be more pleased . Navigation through the unit be extremely user friendly . I simply type a address and hit `` go '' and I be on my way . you can add a additional stop to you route and incorporate it into the bigger trip . you can type in key word to a business you might be look for and it will pull up all listing in the area with that key word . for example , if I be look for direction or the phone # to Biltmore Winery , which be part of the Biltmore Estate , I simply type in Biltmore and choose from the list it present I . the Nuvi will also give you listing by hotel or restaurant type and list they by they distance away from you location . you can chooose chinese , italian , Steak house , fast Food , etc. . or you can choose all and see what be close to you . the voice be clear and audible on this unit . it be a cynch to snap in and out of its holder , which suction to you window . it have a leather case to keep it in when you be use it on foot to navigate through the city . the color be bright and friendly to the eye . you can store a list of favorite place and there be a button for `` home '' . Start up be quick and the route that have be choose so far be efficient . it may not choose the route that you might usually take , but it do choose good route from my experience . it recalculate the route immediately if you take a different turn and get off the original route it provide for you . I travel to Portland , or to visit a friend . I program he address into the unit and from there be able to drive my friend to work , go sight see on my own , drive back to he work and pick he up and drive straight back to he home . this be no easy feat with all the turn , interstate and highway that I be not familiar with . however , with the Garmin Nuvi 350 it be so simple to navigate through traffic without a worry . it be incredible . I would be lose without it ! no pun intend ! one thing I have notice , which would be the same with any gp I imagine , be that when you be park in a totally enclosed parking garage it take a moment for the unit to calculate you route . you must get out of the garage into a area where the satellite can reach the unit in order to calculate the route . overall , I be absolutely thrill with the Garmin Nuvi 350 . I be not a person that would score this unit less than a `` 5 '' b\/c of lack of reception in a enclose parking garage , which would most likely be the case with any gp unit . the benefit and feature , ease of use , feeling of safety for I and my service from Amazon make this product a solid `` 5 '' in my opinion .
GPS	POS	4	I order this case for my 1450lmt . this case fit my Garmin Nuvi 1450 5 '' touch screen gp perfectly . but the side pocket be redundant - even usb cable can not be squeeze in . I be disappointed about this part .
GPS	NEG	1	I have the h610 which I purchase to find it do not support m Vista . combine this with no map update and it become useless . I have contact Mio multiple time and get no useful responce . they even justifiy mapping error by say you do some thing wrong !
GPS	NEG	1	buy a refurbish one from fry 's . it never locate satellite indoor and outside in open area . I be in lo angele . have to return it , very disappointed . pro : i like the interface , it be very smooth .
GPS	NEG	2	why would Garmin ruin such a great product with ad ?! when you use the traffic feature , pop-up ad continually appear on the screen . if they be give you something for free , maybe a few ad would be a reasonable compromise . but you pay more for the model with the `` lifetime traffic '' feature . subject you to ad when you have already pay for this feature be pretty annoying . and intrusive . not to mention the fact that the ad seem to relate to place you have visit , so it make you wonder what information be be share , and with whom . I would opt for a tomtom or other brand that do not play this game .
GPS	POS	4	I have a Nuvi 1490T as well . I do not think I would like the smaller size -lrb- 3.5 '' -rrb- , but it be really convenient to slip into a pocket for gp or camera use . I have be impress with the quality of the jpg picture . if there be one drawback to this unit , it be that the battery do seem to wear down quickly . I find that surprising , as the this replaceable battery be much bigger than most gp or cell phone battery . glad I buy it though .
GPS	POS	4	I have a garmin i2 before i get this for we second car . I try out a magellan roadmate 3050T , but have to return it as it couldnt find poi properly -lrb- I ask it for the nearest target and it say it be two state away : -rrb- but no such issue with the c340 . quite up-to date map and the UI be clean and uncluttered . the negative : the text to speech be not really clear . the name of certain street come out garbled , so you still need to look at the screen to make sure you have the correct street . -lrb- eg . it say `` Lawrence expeeway '' for `` Lawrence expway '' . when i try to locate a pous , say the nearest starbuck , it show a list of starbuck nearby , put the distance and the direction next to it -lrb- like 3.5 mi s , or 2.4 mi sw -rrb- . but when the vehicle move , the direction -lrb- s , sw , ne etc. -rrb- change to small arrow . but this change back to the s , sw , ne etc when the vehicle stop . I really like this feature of magellan , and be thrill to find it on this Garmin , but i dont understand why the arrow can be display only when the vehicle be move . I agree that it have to be so when the vehicle have not start move , but you should be able to move the vehicle a bit , get to the arrow and the arrow should stay when i stop my vehicle . er ... overall , i think i be just be picky ... but if it be not for the above , i would have give it 5 star .
GPS	POS	4	very easy to use , right out of the box . very intuitive menu system and easy to use touch screen . if you want a very simply GPS Nav system , this fit the bill . there be no desktop application to speak of , which I would have like and you only get two warning about turn , one at the very last minute and I miss a turn or two at first . I would like a intermediate warning , but that come from have use another system . I get this for my son who get lose all the time and call I for direction - at all hour - and it have make a hugh differernt in both we life .
GPS	POS	4	simply plug it in and it have work beautifully , with three caveat : 1 . it do not always give I what I would consider to be the absolute best route -lrb- when I have test it around my neighborhood -rrb- . 2 . a couple of time it bring I a quarter mile past my destination , and then say I have arrive . 3 . sometimes it seem to take about a quarter a mile of drive before it completely orientate itself , so if I be not sure which way to start , I have to guess , and if I guess wrong , it tell I that it be `` recalculate '' and then tell I how to get there from where I be go . still , overall , I be very pleased . I enjoy map , but this be way better .
GPS	POS	5	I have own three gp model . the 76 CSx perform flawlessly . boot up time be amazingly rapid . it be a best buy choice .
GPS	POS	5	this be actually a gift , but the recipient love it . she have a Garmin before and she say this one be much better ... now that could be because she be tell I that and I give it to she and she do not want to hurt my feeling , but I have notice that she have not use she Garmin since she get this one . you be the judge ...
GPS	POS	5	1 . script : Easy Consumer Friendly internet order !!!!! 2 . Service : customer support Pleasant Professional , Helpful , and courteous !!!!! 3 . Super : Price and quality of Product !!!!! 4 . surprise : none !!!!!!! 5 . shipping : prompt and on time !!!!! 6 . security : very secure site !!! -lcb- Bonus Star -rcb- !! deserve a `` Atta Boy '' award for outstanding business !!!!! thanks for a great experience !!!! the sutton
GPS	POS	4	my wife & I have EVO 3D phone , so I purchase this device , through she account , to charge from my Lexus rx400h . while some of the review say the device be cheaply construct , the one I receive appear to be make good enough to last . perhaps they have change the manufacturing process and be ship better item . I have see much more fragile car charger . my main reason for order this item vs the other available be the charge capacity . while EVO 3d be not the power hog of a ipad -lrb- which require 2 amp -rrb- the EVO 3d will charge faster if they have 1 amp . the phone will charge on the standard 0.5 amp of a regular usb port , it just take longer -lrb- overnight for the extended battery -rrb- . this unit appear to be charge we phone fine , and allow use they while charge . I still use Sprint TeleNav , even though the rx400h hybrid have a good GPS & map display as standard equipment . my only con be not that significant , but it would look even nicer if it do not stick out as far from my dashboard console . at first I think it be not fully insert , the outside ridge should go back so it appear insert correctly . while I believe the unit will be durable , it could be make stronger . a simple ring -lrb- metal , plastic or rubber shrink wrap -rrb- around the body of the unit would strengthen it considerably and provide the ridge mention above to make it appear insert correctly . I put a 3\/8 '' band of rubber shrink wrap tubing around mine -lrb- just behind the outer section -rrb- which make it look even better . ejt
GPS	POS	5	after I lose my old Magellan , I look at the price of the new one and also at my original . for less than half the price I get the same feature I want in the 4 year old model - I still like it .
GPS	NEG	1	purchase this print server and a compatible HP printer assume it should be simple to hook up . while I be not a computer geek , I set my cable wireless modem and three other computer - all interconnect wirelessly . after download the latest firmware and installation software , I spend three hour attempt to get the print server to communicate with the printer . despite my best effort , I could only communicate to the print server via usb . print server do not even show up on the home network . assume I must have overlook a important step , I contact , via email , Netgear tech support . the extent of they support in to send the same set on instruction - it be clearly evident that one one actually read my email . follow the instruction to the letter - several time over but to no avail . I finally send a email thank they for they support but I be throw the server away and send a copy of the email trail to they ceo Pat Lo . receive another form email say how they regret when bad thing happen to they best customer and they hope to do better next time I purchase a Netgear boat anchor . after spend over six hour work on this miserable device , it do feel liberating when I toss it in the can .
GPS	POS	4	the combo pack for $ 199 be great . it doesnt come with a ac adapter for home , only for the car . the case be good and the Magellan software -lrb- my third Magellan product -rrb- be easy to use . the button could have be improve with lighting but all in all a great value for the price , especially compare with over price Garmin , etc. .
GPS	POS	5	a nice , little , zippered , semi-hard case that fit my Nuvi 265WT perfectly . no room for any accessory ; but perhaps that be a good thing because it do fit and protect my Nuvi so well . buy it !
GPS	POS	5	I really enjoy use this device . enter run information be easier on the computer than manually in the watch . get to check out my pace and hr encourage my run .
GPS	POS	5	I first experience a rental car Garmin which be why I buy mine - superfantastic for get around LA , travel from the mid-west to CA . so much easier and safer than look a map or write down direction . a must for big city drive and travel cross country - find hotel , gas station , coffee shop , nearby store with great ease - phone number supply so you can call to make reservation , etc. . how do I live without it ?
GPS	POS	4	the Garmin StreetPilot c330 be a reliable navigation aparatus . I have use the c330 for over a month in New York and I be impressed on its ability to navigate through one journey . sometimes it lose the satellite but it recover very quickly . I do not know how effective it will be outside New York , however . the confidence it give be really good .
GPS	POS	5	what can I say ? it have two independent zipper , that close like a nice piece of luggage , and a large clip to attach the case to another object -lrb- belt loop , etc. -rrb- to free one 's hand . the case be make of very sturdy shock resistant , molded plastic , the interior have a mesh net divider between the gp and whatever GPS accessory one might place behind it . there be two elastic strap to help secure the gp as well , on the opposite side of the case . I use ours on three recent vacation trip , and I would buy this case again , and would certainly recommend it to anyone in the market for a great 5 '' gp carry case . the case come as advertise , on time , and in perfect condition . the price be right as well .
GPS	NEU	3	when gp be first introduce we use to joke about the inaccuracy of they satellite determine elevation . I buy the Vista cx because I think the built-in barometric altimeter would reduce the problem with satellite determine elevation - it do not . the expect error in elevation be 50 to 200 foot , far worse than the positional accuracy of the gp . to reduce error Garmin recommend calibrate the unit every hour to a known elevation - if you know the elevation that well you do not need a gp ! so , while you marvel at the positional accuracy of the unit you can still expect to get a good laugh from the elevation .
GPS	POS	5	this item be exactly as list . I be very satisfied with the item and the savings as compare to other listing .
GPS	POS	4	Thought about purchase a gp system for quite awhile but could not decide which one . daughter and she husband recommend a Garmin and after look they over and read other review decide this be what we need to have in the vehicle my husband use for business and then I use it to find a store . now we discuss who get to use it !
GPS	NEG	1	I bough this watch with American Express point and think i get a real bargain . wrong . I have the Garmin 210 gp watch which be simple and intuitive but really just for run . that watch break when i wear it in the shower once for 30 seconds . come ON , GARMIN ! a sport watch that isnt waterproof ? shame on you . this watch have more feature and cycling function , etc but its so damn confuse that i have literally stand in front of my house for 10 minute -lrb- not exaggerate -rrb- try to get a sit signal and then start the stopwatch . I be good at confuse interface but this one take the cake . the other drawback be that the battery be basically always dead . if you havent use it in a few day and you take it out of you bag , it will be dead . you need to basically keep it plug in whenever you arent use it . seem pointless . as a result , this watch now sit lifeless in a drawer , and yours will too .
GPS	POS	5	this product be absolutely amazing and it do the job it be suppose to do .
GPS	POS	5	we have have this for about a month now . use it on a few local trip and a vac out west . Works well . Works even better when you have a idea on where you be go to start with so you can bypass some of the recommend side cut . Easy to configure , easy to setup trip , easy to find local restaurant , fuel , etc. . overall , we like the gp and look fwd to continue use . I have gp functionality on my Blackberry -lrb- Tour -rrb- , but come on ... this Nuvi have a 5 '' screen that I can see across the room . db
GPS	NEG	2	I can not believe how much info these gpss know but do not tell you . this one at least tell elevation , but nothing else on it be good . menu be insanely confusing and traffic be useless . in fact , it send I to a road that be almost entirely close , and all the while claim no traffic problem . they say with Garmin that if you want it to do anything useful , you have to pay extra . soon , Google and the open internet will put a stop to this . the gp should give you access to everything it know . for comparison , I buy a 4 '' Tomtom GPS in 2011 on clearance for $ 47 , and it blow this Garmin away in term of usefulness . my advice be , stay away from Garmin . by the way , device be return to Amazon without a problem .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this product for my girlfriend and she love it . it be ideal for those who enjoy run at a amateur level . it help you to track you distance , which be , I think , the greatest benefit it have . on the other hand , the design be really cool , and while you be not run it can be use as a watch . the price be just right .
GPS	NEG	2	I buy my 305 a couple of year ago and while the battery be still fine , the watch be no longer functional . of the two other folk I know of who have 305 's , both be also experience the same basic failure - the watch become intermittent and eventually stop work all together . the root of the problem appear to be a couple of thing - the weedy metal contact use between the two watch half tend to get bent out of shape and lose contact and the watch be not particularly water proof . when mine fail , it get intermittent for a couple of run -lrb- would either fail to turn on , or would randomly turn off during the run and could not be power on again -rrb- . poke around online reveal that this be a common problem with the watch so I open it up and attempt to apply the fix suggest -lrb- lightly bend the contact back into place -rrb- . unfortunately , when I open the watch up -lrb- it be just glue together lightly , another bad design choice -rrb- it be clear that water\/sweat have get into the watch and have corrode the interior and the contact . since the contact be so fragile I break a couple of they off try to clean they and bend they back into shape . in all other aspect , it be a nice improvement over the 201 I have before -lrb- which I be back to use now -rrb- . the main reason I have upgrade to the 305 be for the more sensitive receiver since my 201 have a horrible time lock the satellite where I run . if it be not for the poor construction quality , I would heartily recommend it .
GPS	POS	5	I have see gp device in the past and have decide to invest in one for my work after become lose while try to go to a job interview -lrb- thus lose the opportunity for the job . -rrb- both my husband & I have use the device and we love it . it work so well ... it be easy to use , and it do not matter if its bright daylight or darkness of night , I can see everything clearly , I know what to expect , and it be so much fun . I wish I have invest in one sooner and I be so glad this be the one I choose to buy this one .
GPS	POS	5	I be very glad I buy this case for my Garmin . not only have I drop the gp on numerous occasion but it keep the rain and dirt off of it too . the screen on my gp be like new and I have have it for two year with the carry case . I do have to clean the clear window from time to time on the inside and outside but that be to be expect . this be well worth the money spend .
GPS	POS	4	it can not charge my Galaxy Tab tablet nor my Blackberry 9700 handphone , not even connect one device only at one time to either socket . however it can charge my blue tooth earphone which use very low power . update -lrb- sep 25 , 2011 -rrb- test today with ipad2 , it can charge the ipad2 and bluetooth earphone simutaneously no matter which socket they be plug . still can not charge the BB 9700 , not test again the Galaxy tab as not carry the cable . as I doubt there might be set in the Galaxy tab and bb 9700 make they could not be charge , I would like to change the rating to 4 star .
GPS	POS	5	after review different gp unit -lrb- c320 , c330 , Street pilot , etc -rrb- , I finally pull my trigger and buy the c340 . this be the first GPS unit I have ever own . when I receive the unit , I turn it on right away . I do not even look at the menu -lrb- 1 page -rrb- before I start use it . very straight forward and very easy to use . I would say it be very easy to overcome the learning curve with the c340 . so far I dont see any major problem except get poor signal after `` sit '' under a bridge over several minute or lose signal in the basement inside a structure . I believe this be not really a problem as other gp -lrb- s -rrb- have the same problem and plus that make no sense to use the gp inside a structure . this unit have a sd card slot and I may buy the Europe Map CD to test it in Europe ... . if I have a chance . pro : Compact , easy to use , good battery life con : hmm ... get poor signal after `` sit '' under the bridge under a while conclusion : the unit do exactly what it should -- take you to the destination in the shortest distance . but of course , it do not have the AI : 1 -rrb- to make short cut like get into some side street 2 -rrb- take stop sign into account
GPS	POS	5	very easy to use . Heart rate strap comfortable around body . excellent information output ! highly recommend for runner .
GPS	POS	4	take a while to load software and map , but nice to use . walk around Teluride Ski Area with unit and be pleased . preform nicely in car . never could register unit on-line and get software update , probably my computer . use on wifus at school to check Email and play foreign language mp3 .
GPS	POS	5	I do not usually write review but since other people 's review help I choose this product , I think I would add my two cent . first , the product be order on a Wednesday . it ship the next day and I have it in hand on Saturday . so great service from the seller . second , my biggest concern be find something that would work with my iPhone 4 in a OtterBox Defender case - for those who do not know , this be a very protective case which make the phone much thicker , wider , etc. . it be hard to find something that be adjustable to more than just the standard phone with no case . but who want to remove the case any time they dock the phone ? not I ! also I be concern about the suction cup style mount because I have hear that these lose they grip in extreme hot or cold temp . I install the mount yesterday - if you can really call it installation because it take like 10 seconds and do not require tool - piece of cake and seem to be a pretty secure fit . happy to say that the side adjust wide enough to easily accommodate the phone in the OtterBox . it will not fit the phone sideways , but since the holder rotate I do not see that as a real issue . also the bottom rest be deep enough to support the phone . and the quick release button be a nice feature . the only thing I notice be that with my special case , I can see that the opening on the bottom rest will be just shy of allow I to plug in a charger . just a hair deeper and it would work , so maybe a improvement on the next model would be to make that phone rest adjustable as well . have say that , there be a easy work around to this issue . first , the bottom phone rest be removable so I could go without it . a second option would be to keep it on and , since the holder rotate 360 , I can insert the phone `` upside down '' from how it would traditionally fit , then plug the charger in from the `` top '' -lrb- since the screen be go to adjust anyway to how it be positioned -rrb- . overall I be happy this will suit my need and I be look forward to use it on road trip .
GPS	POS	5	as a online shopper , I rarely make impulse buy and this be no exception . I do my research , read every review and finally pull the trigger on the xl335tm . what a great purchase it be ! I use to just use Sprint telenav from my Blackberry and it be a joke . the frustration of lose signal in downtown Chicago become too much . I be yet to lose signal on my TomTom . I prepare myself for a few hour worth of download time with the software and it be as expect . it work fine on Windows 7 and be so simple to install . once that be do , I take the ac cable that include live traffic update and hit the road . the product be easy to mount , easy to use and the traffic update actually work . the GPS be easy to remove from the mount if you want to hide it and it provide everything in a easy way . for the price and reliability , this product can not be beat .
GPS	NEG	1	i buy this item and after 1 day it break . then i receive a replacement and the replacement do not last I 3 day , i think he quality be very poor ... ... .
GPS	NEG	1	the review be more for how well Garmin handles\/supports they product . . e-mail they tech support a few day ago because my new 60csx be not indicate a `` d '' fix -lrb- waa -rrb- or any signal from a PRN above 30 . Got this in reply : `` I 'll be glad to help . the new SiRF unit be not really capible of obtain a WAAS fix at this time . alone , the unit can get down to 6-7 foot of accuracy without WAAS , and accord to engineer , even with WAAS the correction be less than 6 inch at best . at this time , I be not sure if they will go though the effort to make the unit work with waa or not . most likely the option will be drop with future update because of the lack of benefit . '' umm right . . First of all the box indicate that it be WAAS enable , the website say it be WAAS enable , and there be gob of other user on the Groundspeak forum who be get dgp fix and much better EPE 's than I be . my older unit be outperform circle around this thing . it have some of the worst positional drift that I have see in a hh gpsr . -lrb- sit on a chair in my backyard for 30 minute this afternoon , the trip odometer log .6 mile -rrb- as such , I have have it for a couple of week and consider it not much more than a pretty paper weight . the unit have excellent ttff , be great to look at\/use in any condition . but have be sell on a WAAS unit only to have a tech rep tell I that the packaging do not match the product get I a little rile up . truth in advertising anyone ? I be gunna confirm this issue with other at Garmin , and if what the rep tell I wind up be true , I be go to pursue it with the FTC ...
GPS	NEU	3	some bad point : 1 . -rrb- the manual for the Magellan Road Mate 3030 4.7-inch portable GPS Navigator be hardly a manual at all . it lack basic simple instruction on how to use it . whoever be in charge of documentation should grab one of the Garmin or Motorola manual and learn how manual should be write . for the price one pay for these unit , Magellan should be able to afford to hire a better writer . 2 . -rrb- the unit lack a save function\/button after correction be make en-route during trip which have be incorrectly plot by the map system in the first place . it refuse to accept correction and keep reroute one via u-turn . later trip use the same start point and destination provide route with the same error . 3 . -rrb- the unit when purchase have NAV map , as show in the product description , and when that same product description be visit one week later the map be change to tele-atla . I be wonder whether it be legal for a company to switch the map system without notify consumer . 4 . -rrb- Magellan Road-Mates restrict registration of they unit to Windows Explorer browser and doe not allow you to register if one want to use other browser . and some good : 1 . -rrb- the screen be large and very clear . there be a variety of customization option like navigation and map settings\/preferences , auto-setting , and nice keyboard layout . 2 . -rrb- the speech be relatively clear when the volume be increase , although it suffer severely at time in pronunciation of certain letter and combination of letter . 3 . -rrb- Advance warning of upcome turn be well place and quick although call the bend on the SAME road should be eliminate . they confuse one about upcome actual turn . a bend in a road be not a turn , and cause the driver to look for a upcome turn \* off \* of the current road , which be what a turn mean . 4 . -rrb- I be give this unit a b - grade .
GPS	POS	5	I love it . the screen be large , the voice clear . it warn I a little in advance before a turn come up . overall I be completely satisfy with it .
GPS	POS	4	I be very pleased with my Garmin Nuvi 1450 purchase . I have be use it for about a month and have have no problem with it . recently , I download and install the software patch that be cause some Nuvi 's to freeze up . I be look forward to take it on my trip to Boston at the end of the month .
GPS	POS	5	simple setup , and work without a hitch with my canon ip4300 . have a mixed environment of window 7 and xp computer print in less than 15 min .
GPS	POS	5	buy this for ourselves for Christmas . take it on trip from Virginia to unfamiliar part of Florida in late dec\/early Jan. . the 3.5-in screen be plenty large for we . gp be easy to program and mount . only problem come when we mount it on a too cold windshield , and GPS fall off . remount it after windshield have warm up . have to reset gp by turn off , then back on , but it recover like a champ . well please with we nuvi 350 .
GPS	POS	5	I have a gp v that I really like and this be one of the best add-on for it or any Garmin GPS .  the gp v come with the require mount bracket , and other model do too , but if not , you need to make sure you get it along with this .  this friction mount be relatively small but stay well on all dashboard I have use it on . it be pretty flat so it travel well in a suitcase or carry-on bag . it allow you to position the unit in the most appropriate spot in the vehicle and then use the clap attach to the GPS , adjust the angle of the display so it be optimal .  Detaching and re-attach the clamp unit with the friction mount could not be easier . for such a small and inexpensive add-on , I could not ask for more .
GPS	POS	4	replace a older garmin version . especially helpful be be tell which lane to be in when come to a busy intersection or interchange in a unfamiliar area . also , like the speed limit feature . the speed limit change on the gp whenever it change on the road so you be not always have to look for the speed limit sign . the screen display at the bottom show you side by side how fast you be go and the speed limit . lifetime map upgrade be a huge plus too .
GPS	POS	4	the Garmin nuvi 3750 be they latest generation of GPS model . the major enhancement be they iphone-like physical layout . it be size be very close to the iPhone -- and you can view in portrait or landscape mode by just move it . the upgrade resolution be the other major benefit of the 37xx series . if you do not need Bluetooth or voice navigation , this be the model for you . have previously own a Garmin 1450 , the 3750 be very comparable in feature . I find that when I turn it on the first time , it acquire satellite in less than 30 seconds , shorter time than any Garmin I have own . the mapping be comparable as well . the major improvement be the resolution as mention above . let 's take a look the pro and con of the 3750 . pro : Easy to read and navigate with this model . the advanced resolution be its biggest plus . signal acquire seem faster than previous model . you can use the 3750 in automotive , walk or bicycling mode . this multi-function make this model attractive . it be so small and thin -lrb- 9mm -rrb- that you can easily put it in you pocket . Eco mode be worthwhile if you be concern with the price of gas on a long trip . con : the main issue be price . when this model be introduce last year , the original price of $ 350 seem ridiculous compare to current model . fortunately , the price have drop to around $ 250 by many online vendor . of course , this be still too high compare to older model . overall , the nuvi 3750 be a strong performer . although it have many feature common to older Garmin model , its size , weight and resolution be key benefit . if only the price be more reasonable , it would make for a easy purchase for most consumer .
GPS	POS	5	very please with the TomTom one , right out of the box it work beautifully . already charge and load with very detailed , very accurate map , it be amazingly simple to use . I be please with the speed and responsiveness of the unit . no apparent lag time when first turn on or while in use . the `` clear and accurate turn-by-turn voice instruction '' be just as promise . the sound quality be very good and the volume self adjust to compensate for engine or road noise . while I find the monitor easy to see even in bright sunlight , the voice instruction make watch the screen unnecessary . the unit have many more useful feature than I expect and I find that I use they more than I expect to . the `` point of interest '' information for thing such as gas station , restaurant , etc have prove to be very accurate , easy to use and useful . no more guess what be at the next exit and how far away . the compact size of the TomTom one be a important feature to I since it be not a good idea to leave these unit in the car -lrb- too tempting for theive -rrb- . it be small , thin and easy to carry but do not compromise screen size . as inexpensive as this unit have become along with the quality of the product , you can not lose .
GPS	NEG	2	I be look for a `` Top of the line '' consumer product - and have have good luck with Garmin aviation product in the past - so I think the GPSMAP 60csx be a good choice . though the unit do have some nice feature - but it have some glaring deficiency that must be acknowledge for the sake of would-be buyer . no map be include with the unit . ok - there be a `` base map '' that come with it - but it only include major highway . even in a `` big city '' there be not enough street show to figure out where you be with any degree of precision . in rural area or small town - you will appear to be out in a field when you be actually walk down Main street . the `` Base Map '' include be nothing but a tease - completely worthless . the `` OPTIONAL '' MAPS be expensive - figure on spending at least $ 60 for a detailed map that include the lower 49 -lrb- lower 49 ?! wonder if that include Hawaii or ??? -rrb- this be just plain `` cheap '' on Garmin 's part . the po nextar gp I buy for $ 59 2 year ago have detail map include . ca not Garmin do you the same courtesy when you spend $ 2oo + for they `` premium '' gp ? the include MICRO sd chip be TOO SMALL to DOWNLOAD A map to . geesh guy - thanks for the `` free '' 1gb Micro sd chip . too bad the smallest map take 1.2 gig ! I have to go out and buy one for $ 15 . be not you customer 's convenience worth that much ? you CA not DOWNLOAD MAPS DIRECTLY to the gpsmap 60csx ! that be right - this top of the line product can not just be hook to you pc with the usb cable to download the upgrade . you have to download the map to the Micro sd with a adapter . another trap - the software use for download do not `` know '' that the GPSMAP 60csx can not directly accept a download - it imply that it can , then will stubbornly try to do it - make you waste time until it time out with no helpful error message . Garmin 's licensing and copy-protection scheme make you jump through quite a few hoop . in spite of the fact you can not download map directly to this unit - you \* must \* have the unit attach to the pc while you be download as well as have the micro sd attach . apparently Garmin 's software do not like Mozilla Firefox either . try to use that browser will not show you the option link you need to select the Micro sd as a download destination . download the 1gb + file - even at dsl speed - did take quite a long time . apparently Garmin 's `` time remain '' feature on the connection software be schizophrenic - as it bounce between 21 minute and 45 minute and a few other random number before it finally finish - some large number of hour later - I get tired and go to bed 3 hour after it start download . `` maddening '' and `` patience-trying '' be two good term for what you will endure install map on this device . if I have a Garmin software `` engineer '' with I when I be do , I likely would have throttle he before the night be over . it be \* that \* bad . bitch aside - time will tell how useful this unit be , but if actually use it be near as painful as just install a map - I do not have high expectation so - go ahead and buy this unit in spite of my and other warning about what it will not do or do poorly . I be sure it have redeeming quality I have not discover yet - but DO be advise that get to any level of basic useability , you will be spend another $ 75 + buck just for continental US road map . Topo or international will set you back more . consider buy a unit where this be include .
GPS	NEG	1	map be out of date and still wait for the promise update . customer service outsource to India be a joke and corporate headquarters do not answer email . do not buy a Magellan GPS
GPS	NEU	3	I have 2 printer serve by 2 IOgear printer server . there be no problem install the 1st one . the problem happen when I install the 2nd one . if you use the default lpt1 : , you will lose the 1st printer . I have to try -lrb- and error -rrb- several time to get both print server intall properly by use different lptx :
GPS	POS	4	I use this 4.3 '' version in my car ; the 5 '' version would be just a bit too large . pro : \* the gp be easy and logical to input address into . it also quickly find every address I have put in so far and the give route be very reasonable to I , give my knowledge of the area and road . \* the touch screen be very responsive . \* the suction cup and mount bracket work very well . no adhesive need on two different car . \* both the mount bracket and the power connection be magnetic and work better than I anticipate . fast and trouble-free connect and disconnect . \* the screen seem fine and normally responsive in cold weather -lrb- -10 f -rrb- . \* you can connect the gp to you pc and the internet to get free lifetime map update . First you Download and install the `` mytomtom support application '' . then you connect you gp unit to you pc and turn on the GPS . then the TomTom software open you default browser automatically and load you TomTom account page -lrb- once you have a account -rrb- and give you a status . this be also dependent on if you have you browser cookie save for TomTom -lrb- you can use a white list if you regularly discard cookie -rrb- . when connect and update map , you browser window say `` TomTom GO -lrb- model number -rrb- '' , then `` install ... '' . quite logical and easy to use . \* on certain screen you can control map with finger swipe and 2-finger zoom -lrb- similar to a iPhone -rrb- . \* the screen be very bright and can easily be see in intense daylight . there be a night mode -lrb- that it can switch to automatically -rrb- and the screen 's brightness be adjustable . \* it display the speed limit on that section of the road . it be very accurate on both where the speed limit change and what it be . this help I with the age old question : `` what be the speed limit here again ? '' \* Traffic Information feature : this can recalculate you trip time , and suggest alternate route , depend on traffic . this feature could be great , but it appear to not be available in my city . on the TomTom website you can get a list of city available . my city be not list . the car power cord have a traffic receiver build into it -lrb- when you connect the car cord it say `` rds-tmc receiver connect '' -rrb- . while I be not really sure how this feature work technically , the manual say that the gp display traffic datum with red indicate congestion and green show no problem . pro with limitation : \* the manual be extremely easy to read and get you start fast . it explain the GPS graphic well . most of the GPS menu be intuitive and with a bit of work you be good to go . however , the manual do not go into great detail of all the option and setting . for basic task this be not a big deal as they be fairly obvious . however , there be a few option that take I forever to find -lrb- see below -rrb- . \* the unit have the ability to use command speak by you . for example , `` calculate a alternative route . '' when work , it be great , but it have a few major stumbling block . first , it take I forever to figure out how to turn on the speak command option . it turn out it be bury under the `` make you own menu '' option and a check box of `` voice command and control . '' it be nowhere else . not obvious ! next , the unit do not give on-screen prompt for what command work , so you have to know this . to view a list of voice command , you go under `` help '' in the Main menu , then `` Product manual '' and then `` what can I say ? '' again , not obvious . \* this unit have Bluetooth -lrb- BT -rrb- for link a phone and use hand free . the speaker quality and dial portion work well . but this BT feature have its problem . when the GPS be turn on , it find the paired phone . it then automatically retrieve the phone 's current contact . so far so good . however , when you display the contact , the phone number be okay , but it list all the name as a bunch of number -lrb- a software bug no doubt -rrb- . where 's Joe ? or Betty ? very aggravate . you can only find they by they phone number . so the import phone book be pretty worthless because of this . some quick web search seem to indicate this be a common problem . further search have not come up with a solution for my gp model at this time . con : \* power up and down . some car have power a -rrb- go to they cigarette lighter -lrb- cl -rrb- adapter only when the key be turn on , b -rrb- other car power the cl all the time , regardless of the key position . it would be nice if this unit adapt to both kind of car . for example , for key car the unit do not power up when power be apply via the car 's cl adapter . this feature would be handy so when you start you car , the gp start . it have shut down cover though , as it have a option for the GPS power after 10 seconds if no power be come from the cl . for constant power car , it would be nice to have a option to have the gp turn off when you car have not move in 10-20 minute . that way the GPS would turn off when you park and leave . while you should probably un-mount the gp while parking on the street for theft reason , this would take care of you garage parking , etc. . of course power on will not be cover , but you can always hit the power switch . \* it do not have any sd or microsd card slot . some people might find this a limitation as other unit have it for audio file , etc. . minor con : \* when connect to a pc , it start off flaky ; sometimes work , sometimes not . the problem seem to be a software driver issue -lrb- I have Vista -rrb- that finally fix itself after I let Windows find a driver on its own . it take several try . \* the unit use a proprietary connector on the supply cable . it be not a Mini-USB . this might be problem only if you lose you cable . \* polarize sunglass can impede you view of the GPS screen . however , this be fairly normal with electronic screen , so not particular to the TomTom brand itself . helpful hint : \* the unit can occasionally have a software hang-up -lrb- as do most brand , so this be not unique to TomTom -rrb- . to reset , press and hold the power button for 15 seconds until a quick drumbeat sound . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* 2 update , August 2011 : Battery die July 2010 : my unit 's internal battery go belly up . I get this unit in November 2010 . after email TomTom they instruct I to return it to they at my cost . they then send I a new unit . deal with customer service be acceptable . not stellar , but not bad . however , find how to file a email claim be challenge on they web site . they want you to try all the faq helpful hint first . while this be understandable , I would prefer the link to customer service be more intuitive . good news ! the `` legal notice '' screen '' have disappear : when I recently connect my unit to get update , I notice the startup screen warn about liability and etc. be finally go . I find the startup `` lawyer screen '' , irritating . yes , I realize I still have to pay attention to the road ; I do not need a screen to remind I about the hazard of distract driving .
GPS	POS	4	buy this over a week back and have be test drive it everyday . as other people have comment , it lock on very fast - from a cold start to `` Ready for Navigation '' , it take I approximately 30-40 sec but after that its pretty smooth . for the price that it be currently available on Amazon for - you cant beat it . I have be research for a GPS unit in this price range from a long time and have shortlist this one and the Navigon 5100 . people who be on the lookout for a gp should consider that one also . a few quirk i observe on the 350 : 1 . map seem to be a little off in some mall \/ densely populated area - again this might be a problem with every other GPS too . 2 . a major one for I be the lack of a qwerty touch key pad . this mean that you have to use a keypad design a , b , c , d etc etc to type out city and state - this be extremely slow . I google this issue and find a lot of people notice and report this - unfortunately there be no known resolution and Garmin have choose to ignore the problem . 3 . can not type in a city by a postal code - though the manual mention this , i have try unsuccessfully to put in one and cant get it to work - i think this gp lack the ability to do this . but all in all a very satisfactory purchase that will fit in you pocket : -rrb-
GPS	NEG	1	the best part of the design be that it do grip my iphone\/gps very tightly . but , the adhesive base for the dash board do not stick and fall back off after 5 minute of apply it . I do prep the dash first to help the adherence but it do not help . so , I try to use the optional vent clip and as I slide it into the vent to position it the finger of the clip break off and fall down into the vent . I could suction the holder to my windshield , but I buy it to use on my dash board and it just do not cut it . very disappoint . long story short , this product be not worth the $ 8 I pay for it , so beware .
GPS	NEG	2	I be sure many have great review with this gp . however let I say that when it arrive , the first we notice that there be a scratch on the top of the GPS . open the box , we notice the bag be tear open , and then tape close . plus the one adapter be miss . plug it in and try it , there be no `` initial setup '' as the instruction state ! however the history and previous save location be all from a location in Southern California -lrb- I will not list the address of the residence , but it be on there -rrb- ! but the initial setup location be - set as HOME and be a address in southern California be on it -lrb- full address -rrb- !!! what I can positive say be that indoors it get full satellite signal ! and this be on the first floor of a two story house , not near a window but in the center of the room , or even lay on the bed -lrb- center of room far from a window and a full floor above plus attic -rrb- . one thing I do not care for be how the antenna must be open -lrb- flip up to get GPS signal -rrb- as it be just one more thing that can break off . and although there be a lot of pous -lrb- point of interest -rrb- -lrb- 6 million -rrb- keep in mind some of the hotel and such may be `` bottom line '' -lrb- that be one you would not want to take you children\/family to . one hotel that be in my town be `` bottom line '' -lrb- use for prostitution and druggie a lot and people arrest as read in the newspaper -rrb- and be list as a pous . also it list a homeless shelter as a `` hotel '' in the city ! so careful on those POI . 6 Million be a lot , but how good be the pous ? out of town people will not know local knowledge . so the AAA rate POI on Magellan be look better and better . the last thing I want after a long day trip be to settle down and have drunk howl through the hall all night long ! Amazon be very nice and will give a refund upon return ! we do a lot of business with amazon and we have never have something purchase as NEW , use like this . it make I think someone purchase it , use it for a trip and then send it back in for a refund ! look like one trip save be from CA to the midwest . I do not know if there be a reason why these Garmin 350 be so reduce -lrb- many be open or such -rrb- ? we be now go with the Magellan Maestro 3140 . and the unit be very small . it be good if you want to slip it into a pocket or such -lrb- and a small bag come with it to prevent scratch . but I can see it get lose easily if you put it in a large handbag . compare the side to two pack of baseball card . it do come with all the extra you would normally pay for . that be a home ac charger\/adapter , a dc car charger\/adapter -lrb- although the dc be now more standard with unit -rrb- , and a nice little bag to put it in and it slide in\/of the bag easily -lrb- not one of those bag that you push and pull stuff in and out of it , and the bag have a outside slot for something slim like a credit card or such . it be rate Number 2 in October 2007 `` Consumer Reports Magazine '' -lrb- or online you can read it at they site -rrb- for the best gp unit . Second only to the Garmin Nuvi 360 . if you be `` tech geek '' you 'll love the feature of touch the satellite bar in the upper LEFT corner and it 'll show you the satellite that be directly over you head , also where the current sun & moon -lrb- icon -rrb- be to you and they move east\/west -lrb- the sun\/moon -rrb- ! satellite be all number and it give you coordinate and how accurate you position be to the satellite ! say how strong each satellite signal be to you , and the elevation . this be all in the manual online in more detail . it may well indeed be that we get a bad -lrb- use -rrb- unit . but look at you hometown and you 'll see the good place and the `` seedy '' one , and understand the `` seedy '' one will be in the pous as well -lrb- make 6 million -rrb- . if you want that after a long day trip , then great , but I do not . I do want to give it a try -lrb- on battery as no cable be in the computer other than the usb ! so near we one bridge be close and you have to go around downtown to get around it all . no matter what I try , as in get a different route , detour , or even turn it on and off again it keep tell I to cross a bridge that be close work ! however we get the Magellan Maestro 3140 and hit Detour where we could not close and bang , it hit the right route in a matter of seconds . compare the Magellan Maestro 3140 and the Garmin Maestro 3140 : Garmin Nuvi 350 : - list church as pous - only fast and Closest Route Options . if a bridge\/tunnel , etc. be close , it will not give another route . Magellin Maestro 3140 : - Asks you for each route four different type -lrb- fastest , most use of highway , etc. -rrb- . and reroute fast ! - come on automatically each time you plug in the AC\/DC adapter . - Re-Routes much better and faster and allow you to reroute in advance -lrb- say you know a road be close up ahead -rrb- . my advice , make sure what you get be indeed new ! and watch the pous
GPS	NEG	1	I receive the GPS , I like it . however , after a little over a month , I be have problem with the unit , sometimes it just will not talk , force I to look at the Nuvi screen constantly so I will not miss my exit , not good if the traffic be heavy . I purchase and download the Traffic Camera software and if the unit do not feel like talk or announce , this software be useless , because I will never know that there be a camera up ahead . also , the Bluetooth do not work well either , I have to pair my device almost EVERY time I start the car , and sometimes I have to restart the Nuvi two or even three time for it to connect to my phone . I have a older Nuvi , a 680 , I connect it today , and the Bluetooth of that gp still remember my iPhone ! all in all , when the device work as be suppose , be very nice , but with all these annoyance , I be think to go back to my old Nuvi ; unfortunately the old Nuvi be not compatible with the Camera Alert Software . maybe I should get a different brand of GPS .
GPS	POS	4	this product be very useful , except the sound be a little bit loud and it can not stay on the base and be easy to fall down .
GPS	POS	4	we have like the 1350lmt . have the feature I want , but more importantly , I be able to find a Garmin product that do not force I to buy thing like Bluetooth , a feature I would never use . it be be a month , it be work well , as advertise . BTW , do not hesitate to return a unit that seem faulty -- Amazon make this return process painless ! I would buy this for a family member if they need a gp .
GPS	POS	4	someone write a review say this do not work in they Scion xb . I purchase this for use in 2008 Scion xb with the factory upgrade stereo -lrb- the one with the animated graphic -rrb- . installation work fine for I and it fit my Samsung Droid Charge in a Otterbox case . you 'll have to remove the bottom bracket and slide you charge down a bit to use the micro usb port when it be in the Mountek . it do not fit my TomTom XL 340s gp by itself . it may fit if you attach the factory supply suction ring to the back and use that for the Mountek to hold onto , but I no longer have that and therefore could not test it out .
GPS	POS	4	I like the Legend a lot . it be perfect for geo-caching which be why I buy it . much easier to use and enter coordinate than the yellow model . map feature be nice even without the software program option . my only complaint be that the computer cable be a outdated serial port adapter , but my -lrb- and probably you -rrb- computer use usb connector . it be work well for I on all of my adventure and be very easy to use . the instruction manual be helpful and there be many feature I have not even use yet . so far so good . I love the product and you can not beat the price on Amazon !
GPS	POS	5	I receive the Garmin eTrex Legend as a Christmas gift . I have enjoy use it both in my car and while walk through town . it take a minute or so to connect with the satellite and then give you you latitude and longitude . while drive I let it hang from my neck so that when it be safe I can check it . if it be mount on the dashboard I would not be able to read it . the mileage travel be easily read and compare closely to what you get on the car 's odometer . I have find it fun to use thus far . I need to use the instruction book to learn some additional feature .
GPS	NEG	1	hus all , i live in Massachusetts -lrb- Framingham -rrb- . at first i use the nuvus , everything be Ok . I could choose between faster time or shorter distance . and many great feature . but when i go to downtown Boston ... problem occur . Nuvi could not read small road and detour . and the map be not a detail map . I be hope that i do not get lose again in downtown ... but then i be wrong . and then the other day , i be with my friend look for bertuccus 's in newton area ... i use nuvus to find bertuccus 's in newton , we be happy , but then we be disappointed again . Nuvi bring we nowhere near bertuccus 's at all . Arrgghh !!! right now , i be use google map and mapquest . \* sigh ... i hate u nuvi .
GPS	POS	4	the product itself be excellent ; from the quality to the price . it be `` box ready '' except for load the map . the map load need Tech support , and that be where the problem be . I spend all but half a day , call and recall for assistance . the tech staff be very friendly , but time after time after time the map load program freeze up ; and every time I have to call for assistance . there Tech operation need a major upgrade . my time be money ; and four hour be a lot of lose money . please upgrade you in-house loading experience . I be very fearful to call back for upgrade to the map when I get the email that there be upgrade to be load . the stress level of a possible half day of Tech support help make I stressed already .
GPS	POS	5	my original Garmin 496 power adapter use in the aircraft fall apart at the connector . buy this as a replacement . Works great and actually connects\/disconnects easier than the original .
GPS	POS	5	I be so pleased with the rooCASE Neoprene Sleeve that I will buy more to protect other item that I have . it be very protective , very attractive and do the job nicely . it fit my gp like it be make for it .
GPS	POS	4	unit do a good job with direction . on trip , time compute be way off and correct too slowly . for the price the 510 be a good purchase .
GPS	POS	5	I be worry about my Garmin GPS screen get scratch when not in use . I find this case on Amazon and think it might be just the thing I need . I fall in love with it . now the screen be protect and no one can see it in my car . great product for those large screen .
GPS	POS	4	this work well with my Garmin that I somehow lose the cigarette lighter cord during a move to a new house . however , in update my Garmin it become insane so I guess I will buy a new Garmin and then I will have two cord that will hopefully work on both . it be very much worth the money .
GPS	POS	4	many feature like find the nearest Walmart or Burger King ... etc. . but I be not impress by the accuracy of its direction . very very rare to see a mistake in the direction but when you encounter , it be so painful .
GPS	NEG	1	how many workout be one suppose to waste get this thing to work ? I stop at around a dozen . this gp be just not ready for primetime ; at least not within urban environment -lrb- though one would have think that nyc 's Central Park might have provide sufficient open siteline it apparently do not . -rrb- Wish the product spec do not overhype the product so much .
GPS	POS	4	my first unit have a defective radio and Garmin swap it out and save my waypoint . suggest you buy ear bud w \/ PTT mic . my hunting party use they and it coordinate we hunt accurately especially send waypoint . bring battery since 6hr seem to be useable time . if money be not a issue buy 530 model since the radio power be 5 watt versus 1\/2 watt and the togel switch be easier to use . overall it make hunting with a group better .
GPS	POS	4	the only reason this do not get five star be because it be not perfect , but it be very very good . when drive on some curvy back road in West Virginia it get a bit confused about the proper route and take I through a private neighborhood with only one exit , the way I come in . I be also search for a gas station while I be there and find that gas station it have list be no longer there and there be other that exist elsewhere . a little frustrating when the gas light have be on for a few minute . I have not experience any of these issue in Virginia , where I live . other than that , the detour button be helpful and have already save I a lot of frustration . I have also start be adventurous on my ride home from work let the gp recalculate the best route after each time I disobey its recommendation . additionally , you should purchase a 1 gig sd card to accompany the c320 because the new version 8 of the map software will fit all of the US and Canada on that one card . Perfect for cross country excursion ! I would recommend this to anyone want a high quality gp for a very low cost !
GPS	POS	5	great product . take you where you want to go . timely deliver . well package . no negative at all .
GPS	POS	5	Easy to operate . great software . Perfect for woman who travel on they own .
GPS	POS	5	I have use various pocket pc navigation software and be quite sketpical at the 279.99 price at first . however , this be a great basic device for on the road travel . extremily user friendly and very easy to set up . I recommend this model over the over cxxx model because like I 90 % of the people that would use this device would probably stay in there region for example south east , north east , etc. . of course a 128 mb cd card be not go to cut it but I be sure you might have a extra one -lrb- there like 20.00 or so now -rrb- . all and all great device for a novice user . you average user do not need bluetooth , a mp3 player , traffic information , etc. . all the other feature that you get for $ 1,000 + my only complaint would be , you be unable to see the actual coordinate on the device ? you be unable to travel to coordinate only physical address . however , garmin do have software call mapsource which allow a user to upload he favorite to a computer and will allow you to see the gp coordinate . you can not complain for 279.99 for a automotive gp unit .
GPS	POS	5	I have own Mio c220 for more than a month . I have no major complain on this device so far . it be very easy to use and the route calculation be faster than Garmin or TomTom accord to my observation . the c220 be able to recalculate the route when you miss the original planned route , this feature be a major plus point . the lcd touch screen be fast and responsive and I like the QWERTY keyboard format to input address while the Garmin have ABCD telephone format which be difficult to input . you can drag or move the 2d map use you finger easiely . the device be light weight and it can fit in most of the pocket . the lcd screen bright enough for mount on the windscreen\/dashboard for navigation . I find the navigation be very accurate and dead on . it come with a car charger but no home or wall charger . I have be use my Motorola RAZR wall charger to charge my c220 at home and it work . my only complain be that not too many accessory be available for c220 and lack of full support to its update software for mac . otherwise c220 score much higher than TomTom .
GPS	POS	5	previously I use my HUGE Android phone and app to track my run . this solve the huge problem . light , comfortable , and easy to use . once its set-up all I do be return from my run , get close to the computer , and it automatically download my new datum . easily export into Garmin or other online fitness tracking site . I have be really impressed with the GPS antenna build into the wristband , really have to work hard to lose the signal , even deep in a canyon with Redwoods tower overhead . water resistant be a big plus ! my only complaint be in the packaging . REALLY ??!! why do I need 12 different language manual ? such a waste of material with the packaging , but do include adapter for many different country . very please with over 200 mile so far log .
GPS	POS	5	I have have some reservation after read the worst review -lrb- that it be too big on the wrist , the speed be erratic , it take too long to get the map etc. -rrb- . it be true that it be quite bigger than a watch -lrb- but then who expect a small size ? -rrb- , but the size be not prohibitive . the forerunner pick up map quite quickly -lrb- although I must say that I do try it in a small town with not many tree or big building -rrb- . finally , the speed be always accurate . overall , I find this watch a great exercise tool outdoors . I can not vouch for its software as I do not use this function . one thing be that it be clear the price go down . I pay $ 150 and now it be $ 128 . as with all electronics , the more you wait the less you pay .
GPS	POS	5	like the first Nuvi . only have it for two week and it be steal . like the first one well enough to replace it with same model .
GPS	POS	4	I purchase this item because I want the live traffic and also the step by step direction . the step by step direction be handy in that you can review the turn and direction in order that you can determine howthe gp be navigate you . I have be very happy with this product in that it seem to be right on with traffic delay and arrival time . however , there be one major annoying feature that I absolute dislike . the GPS have advertisement that show up that you can not get rid of . I guess that be how Magellen pay for the free traffic by sell advertisement . after a while you become use to it , but I rather not have it and I wish there be a way to turn it off . another issue that I have experience be that in area of tall building once in a while , like downtown LA , the gp seem to get lose due to lost signal . but in all , I have be very happy with it and it seem very accurate .
GPS	POS	4	I buy mine on Amazon for my birthday last year . I love it . the heart monitor function have help I in my training . I would definitely recommend this for anyone want to take they training to the next level .
GPS	POS	4	I have own the garmin c530 for about a year now , and i have to say its quite nice and perform well . I use it nearly everyday as i drive for a living , it never get I lose no matter how many wrong turn i make . it have a vast amount of point of interest store in it allready with the ability to add more . it have a excellent battery life , and be also quite durable . i wil say though on the other hand its be bad when i tcomes to pick the best route . I can be on the interstate and it may want to send I down a small highway that would take 20 minute longer than just stay on the freeway . also drive time be quite accurate also . people complain that they be `` optimistic '' which its suppose to be as the gp beleive or not doesnt know how many redlight u will hit . also u can program red light camera into it so it will alert when ur comee up on one .
GPS	POS	4	just come back from a trip to CA , and it find everything almost as well as the local . when there be a accident , I get off the road and it find a alternate route . the built-in memory be enough for CA , NYC area , and New England . all I really need . Quibbles : map be tough to read , take a while to lock onto satellite .
GPS	POS	4	ok ... SO AFTER READING MANY REVIEWS and be a little weary , I buy this UNIT ON SALE at TARGET for $ 179 . OUT of the BOX IT WAS great . the map update work fine , no problem with the activation code . change my route take the UNIT ABOUT 10 SECONDS to CORRECT the route . turn it on TOOK ABOUT 4 SECONDS to acquire the signal . everything work fine , from the ETA to your destination to the speed limit warning . it be a bright display and good for my old eye . I would RECOMMEND THIS if you want to spend that much money . I buy a two year WARRENTY for $ 17 . and FEEL COMFORTABLE ABOUT OWNING IT if ANYTHING GOES WRONG . no PROBLEMS SO far and be very happy with it .
GPS	POS	4	after much thought I finally decide on buy the Garmin 62 . before I buy the 62 I have a garmin Legend Cx . this be a nice unit for its time . I have purchase the Legend Cx for geocach . well all these year later I be still geocach and want to find a device that would give I better reception under tree cover . so after review all the Garmin option I go with the Garmin 62 . as of now I have yet to use it outside . I have basically unboxed the unit and connect it to my computer and run the firmware update . I also buy the Garmin 24k topo map to install on the 62 . my biggest worry about the 62 be that I could not add a memory card to it to get more space . well ... I have download all of the topo map for New england -lrb- and I mean all of they -rrb- and I have just barely use a quarter of the 1.7 gb the unit come with ! Whhew ! this be my big worry ... so if you be concern about this ... do not be . later I may buy the lake topo but I suspect I will find the same thing , plenty of space . many reviewer say the 62 squeek . well mine do not . not even a sound when I turn it on , so no worry there . the unit iself fit nicely into the palm of you hand , feel very sturdy and have a good size screen , not huge mind you , but still bigger than the one I have on my Legend cx . the unit take about 60-90 seconds to initialize -lrb- inside my house -rrb- and then it find 7 or 8 sat . not bad for INSIDE . I take this evening to figure out how to donload gpx file into my unit for geocach -lrb- since I buy my gf a Garmin for Christmas I need to update mine , of course ! -rrb- we be plan on go geocach together so I want to get a number of gpx file into my 62 . firstly , you will need a Premium membership on Geocaching.com -lrb- $ 30 -rrb- in order to download gpx file . you will also need to update you gecaching profile to support gpx 1.1 format , this be do under the preference on the geocach website . get gpx file into the 62 be quite easy after you have install the Garmin software on you computer . basically just go to the cache , select the cache you wish to find and click on the small copy gpx icon to the far right ... and bam , the file be there , description , hint , log and all . so far I be very pleased with the unit . I also buy the Garmin 62 case and the clip attachment . I would suggest you skip the Garmin 60 series case and look for something that be larger to protect you device . the Garmin clip be very good and hold the unit solidly . so no worry on it fall off . I also buy some nimh battery so I could recharge after each outing , the unit actually have a setting for nimh which be very cool . after I have have the unit in the field I will report back on what I find ... but so far so good ! I can hardly wait to get out there and find some of those geocach hide under thick tree cover !
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this for my 1490t but lose it in like a week . its a good product especially the side pocket on the side . I would just purchase another one at a local store for cheaper tho . it would save you some real $ $ $
GPS	POS	5	love the 1350 LMT . it find the satellite instantly and be very helpful in city expressway traffic . I only wish it have a feature where I could program my route , as the route it take be not always the best or the one I want . do not get I wrong though , it be a great value and love it .
GPS	NEG	2	I make a choice after my several day research on GPS . however , 1 . size I have a 4-door sedan . this product be too big for sedan 's windshield or dashboard . 2 . battery usage without power less than 30 minute . even though you have a power , sometimes screen be dim . I do not know the reason . 3 . Video input for Backup camera screen although this have a video input , do not try this product for Backup camera screen . professional installer in `` Safe & Sound '' and `` BestBuy '' store installer try to install this with several kind of back-up camera as per the instruction of Magellan customer service . do not waste you time for this . except the above , I do not find critical problem . absolutely , I return this . be careful of restock fee for electronic device .
GPS	POS	5	the gp work great . kudos to Garmin for design it to use a universal mini-usb to power and connect to a computer . a universal cell phone car charger use the mini-usb power this baby . Powers off the usb when connect to a computer too . bummer about the lousy base map provide with the unit .
GPS	POS	4	this unit be very clear and easy to use , I like it and would tell everyone to get one . the price be very good .
GPS	NEG	1	I be so excited to get this little puppy run . the Software that come with it do not work on my Windows 7 64-bit box but it run ok on another window xp machine , download from the IOGEAR website behave the same . I run the software and after I change the IP and save back to the print server it would revert back to DHCP . I call technical support and they have I reset the unit and then it start to behave itself but I be not able to get the printer and the print server to complete the wizard . we try , the support person and I , for a hour to get the unit to work with the printer . the printer server do not even allow we to open a webpage to it . I do not know if that be what be suppose to happen or if the unit be break or just not design to work with the printer . I be send the unit back , it have be a waste of time for I which be a shame . . so much promise . maybe usb be just not suppose to work on network afteral and this product just can not make it happen for every printer out there ?
GPS	POS	5	it be a great product - just a couple of thing . there be address that it do not recognize , and sometimes it default to South Elgin when I put in Elgin , send one to the wrong part of town . and occasionally it refuse to believe that a intersection exist . but by in large it be a fabulous product .
GPS	POS	5	so far so good ! ca not really comment on the lifespan or support since I have not have it very long or need any support . but it be great so far\/1
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin 110 be a outstanding watch for both training and racing . it show only the important datum : distance , heart rate , lap pace , and time . I configure mine in under 5 minute , and it require only two button press to start a run -lrb- one to start the GPS , the other to start the run -rrb- . this watch be much smaller than any of the other Garmin model , and can be comfortably worn as a day-to-day watch . the strap be wide and comfortable , and the screen be easy to see while run . the SiRFstar iv GPS chip find satellite quickly , usually between 20-60 seconds , and the heart rate monitor connect within a couple of seconds . the include charger allow charge from a wall outlet or a computer , and the cable be use to transfer you run to the -lrb- ... -rrb- website . GarminConnect be easy to use and show you run in great detail . the replay feature be easily the coolest part of the site . run can not be review on the watch , so GarminConnect be a integral part of the way this watch function . I have use my Garmin 110 with Windows Vista and Windows 7 . both work equally well and be easy to set up . I should note that the other extremely negative review be misguided and should be discount . the primary complaint about this watch be the lack of `` current pace '' . the Garmin 110 do not show current pace by design , so anyone who buy this watch expect that feature will be severely disappoint . the product description on Amazon be sorely lack , but a small amount of research would have reveal the feature of this watch . the several 1-star rating be misleading , and do not reflect the quality , size , and functionality of this watch . the Garmin 110 be a outstanding gp watch for anyone who do not need all the bell and whistle of the more advanced model . this be also the first gp watch that be small and light enough to be worn day-to-day and actually look like a watch .
GPS	POS	4	I like the gp ... as far as the map and navigation go , this be a great unit . the lane assist be also a very nice feature but the mount be terrible . it take a while to figure out the suction dial on the window mount but once you do it work ok . the suction be very tight on glass -lrb- do not work on the dash unless you use the sticky disc that come with it -rrb- but the GPS unit pop off the mount too easily . I have a Buick Enclave and it be very hard to reach the windshield to get the unit mount . they have to come up with a better way to mount this thing . I buy a additional mount that hook on the vent louver . hope this will work better ! at least I can reach it !
GPS	NEU	3	you might receive the 2008 version . apparently Amazon have mix stock . I recieve the v8 not the v9 order on 10\/27\/07 . I call customer service , and they could not assure I which version I would get if they send a replacement . sent my v8 back and will wait until I can get what be list . Amazon need to pull the old stock and sell as such .
GPS	NEG	1	great idea and form factor let down by miserable online experience , weak user interface and poor service feature . specifically , as note by other reviewer , Garmin 's online service be more frequently down than available - consequently the ability to track you precious item\/pet be meaningless as you be unable to query the system more than , by my estimate , 20 % of the time -lrb- I have be flagging this to Garmin for the past 5 day but who , for the time be , deny that there be any issue with they service availability -rrb- . the track history be only available for 24 hour unless you buy a higher-level package - combine this with the fact that you can not actually access the history for more than a fraction of when you need , you might as well not bother . there be multiple other gp tracking system -lrb- eg the spot  SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger unit  and quality -lrb- better gp recognition and reporting -rrb- . I will be return my Garmin GTU 10 to the shop at the weekend as I have simply have enough of waste my time try to get Garmin to recognize they be disappointing customer .
GPS	POS	4	I buy it in Florida in February and use it out there . I buy it back to UK and purchase the UK & NI map and the speed camera alert . have a initial problem with it only find the first part of a post code but the guy at the UK help desk be brilliant , he email I a download , explain what to do . I download , follow instruction and now its great . I need to change the voice as some of Susan 's pronunciation be really funny but not much use . it do what I expect it to do and just about all the old Tom Tom do . I like that you get a mileage count down to you next instruction\/turning . useful on the motorway when you be say 5 junction from you turn it tell you you be say 5 mile to next instruction or on a remote country lane you think you near you turn but actually still 2 mile from it . I do not know how well it sit on a dash as I leave it cradle on my central console , it sit there nicely point in the right direction jam between the side of console and power plug . no give away mark when you remove it to glove box . it find the satellite ok . what I do not like : 1 . I be use to a Talex tell I I be near a speed camera and what the speed limit for the road be , that I be 100 meter from camera and to slow down if I be still over speed limit and warning of possible mobile speed camera . I be really disappoint with Tom Tom feeble beep to alert you . so I run my Talex and Tom Tom together . I guess the 35 pound for the camera upgrade would be value if you do not have a Talex but once you have have a Talex , TomTom camera alert just do not hack it . now if Tom Tom be to incorporate the full talex system of camera alert they product would , in my opinion , be 900 % better . 2 . when my Husband be drive and I be fiddle with the Tom Tom , its very easy to run you finger across the bottom of screen and accidentally turn the volume down , which I find out about 1 mile after we miss the turning . I know just leave the damn thing alone ! 3 . I miss the spousal argument about read map wrong , not know my leave from right , why do not you buy a decent map or I think I tell you to turn off there etc etc , need to find something else to occupy we long journey now . also I think we be miss out on find some great place we would not have see if we have not take the wrong turning and get lose . Sat Navs , a bit like computer do they really enrich we life ? anyway , we like it . it be get we to we destination in UK and USA so I would recommend it .
GPS	POS	5	this be a easy to use device , if I can do it anyone can . it have everthe to take I be I want to go . highway or back road , now I always know where I be . I be very happy with it . get one !!!
GPS	POS	5	I just intall the WGPS606 . it work fantastically as a wireless bridge and print server . installation be straight forward and easy . I now have two printer , a Canon i950 and a HP 1210xus , accessible on the network . I have a Dell run 24 hour a day so that my family could share a printer . now all computer will sleep in the household . I should save enough money in electricity to pay for the print server .
GPS	POS	5	awesome charger . charge ipad and iPhone . great low profile design for a 2.1 a charger . I buy one for I . love it so much I then buy one for the wife and my sister . total home run .
GPS	NEG	1	this be my third gp -lrb- they seem to have a short - use life -rrb- . it be inaccurate , run I in circle and be generally unsatisfactory . it be sporadic in announce street name - sometimes it announce they , sometimes it be `` in 200 foot ... '' I use it twice to check it out , then return it and order another brand . cross my finger the next one will be more cooperative !
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase a 305 several year ago now for my bike . after about 2 year it start lose its ability to hold the satellite and would go into pause mode and would not hold a charge but for a short time . I send it back and get a refurbish model . after about a year it simply would quit work mid ride even while show a full charge . I send it back and get another refurb at a cost of $ 79.95 . now this one be not want to find sufficient satellite , so I be have to start the ride without the GPS , which really suck . usually it will finally hook up to sufficient satellite so that it will start record datum . so yes , I absolutely think Garmin be JUNK . too bad they do not have some gp competition but even so I will not buy another Garmin .
GPS	NEG	1	I have the Garmin Nuvi 350 device and order this mount think it would work with my device base on the Amazon description of the product . the first time I order this I receive without the arm that attach to the GPS unit . I return it and have a replacement ship . the replacement come with the same problem ... only contain the bean bag base portion and again no arm . apparently , this be for some other unit because it do not work as it be ship . I will attempt to find this somewhere else . fool I once ... shame on you ! fool I twice ... shame on I !
GPS	NEG	2	bought my e-trek Legend in March 2002 for geocach ; initially it do ok , track well but lose signal often when under leafcover in the wood . start notice power shutoff problem when first turn it on ; think it be the battery connection , I be begin now to think it be poor\/thin soldering in the manufacture . now the click stick will only work in two of four direction . for what I pay for it , and as little as I use it , I doubt if I 'll replace it with another Garmin e-Trek , they just do not seem substantial enough for hike -lrb- to think , I cradle that thing like a baby in the wood , be careful with it ! -rrb- .
GPS	POS	4	buy this for my son , who be head off to college . work great . any change to trip have it quickly recalculate the new route . I feel better know that he will not get lose and feel helpless while try to become accustomed to he new home away from home . would have give five star , but it do seem to have a harder time locate a satellite in the city . could have be all the tree .
GPS	NEG	1	the rubber suction cup have already fail . I believe the rubber cup be just to hard and brittle to form any kind of suction to mount gp to windshield .
GPS	POS	5	after be show how to use this watch by a friend who have the same one , it be so easy to use . I like simple electronics for timing and distance so this be perfect for I . after a little while , I do not notice how large this watch be . do lot of research and this be the best run watch for the feature and price accord to hundred of review - even compare to newer model . great value .
GPS	POS	4	wow ! it work anywhere I go . it be fantastic . it even work in the city . I take it everywhere - trip , hike , walk , drive , and to work . next be Geo-Caching .
GPS	POS	4	I know many of we be go crazy try to figure out which of the latest trucker gp unit be the best value . I have it down to two for many reason . I will go into why in another review when I make my final decision . no one have write anything -lrb- that be no user -rrb- about the Rand McNally tnd-710 . but I will because I just order it . I have be use this one -lrb- the Garmin dezl-560 lmt -rrb- lmt just mean include free lifetime map and traffic update . the lt will cost you to update the numap -lrb- that the mapping co -rrb- after 60 day from purchase . its worth get the LMT model for the lifetime update of map . do not get that confuse with software update to fix glitch ... they be always free . now about the lifetime traffic . well the receiver it come with that be build into the power cable be free because it throw up advertisement at you now and then . I hate advertisement ! I call Garmin which have excellent support as do rm and they say the non-ad power -lrb- the traffic receiver be build into the power cable -rrb- cable will cost a extra $ 120.00 and if you want premium traffic and construction service add $ 49.00 to that . WOW the only thing I can say good about that be its a one time fee . now to add traffic and speed camera update that $ 25.00 per year . let add this up . I pay $ 459.00 for the unit -lrb- 560lmt -rrb- on Amazon . $ 70.00 for accessory -lrb- Micro sd , Case , Windshield mount , Dash mount -rrb- $ 170.00 for traffic receiver power cord with prem software and $ 25.00 for the first year of camera warning . that $ 724.00 all together if you want all the bell and whistle as I always do . by the way all that ado about get add-free traffic ... it suck anyway . the traffic predictably be poor at best . just turn it off so you do not see the advertisement . save the $ 170.00 . maybe it will get better . its a 3rd part co so its hard to say . rm -lrb- Rand McNally -rrb- say it will offer a similar traffic receiver and service in June when there external antenna , case and other accessory come out . right now rm only offer map update for one year so its hard to say what the end cost of this unit will be . I want the best ! ... so I be spend alot to find out . DieselBoss be the only retailer I could find that be take the time to compare these two unit . check it out . http:\/\/www.dieselboss.com\/truck_gps_review_features.htm . the info be still come in about the garmin but I agree with what they say about the Garmin so far . . I buy the Garmin here on Amazon ... best price . I have own or use 5 other gpss to date . Garmin dezl 560lmt -lrb- same as lt but no lifetime traffic -rrb- pro ... \* start , route and re-route fast 10-30sec , no lockup yet \* -lrb- great route so far ... this be the most important feature about any TRUCK GPS . -rrb- \* show the post truck speed of most road next to you speed that turn red when you go over . \* -lrb- Garmin have a unbelievable database -rrb- every address I enter it have . this be not true of Google or even my co-pilot -lrb- pc-miler -rrb- . \* loud Speaker . \* quick access to brightness control . Easy snap-in mount -lrb- no usb plug to plug in every time which can break -rrb- \* Lane asst ... yea ... love that . \* lot of fun stuff and voice you can add from the garmin and 3rd party website . con ... \* 5 '' I want 7 '' . \* do not show the name of cross street as you pass they . \* you can not just pan & zoom on the nav map . you have to go to a special map screen . \* ETA do not adjust or work well at all ... but its so bad i be sure they will fix the software soon . my co-pilot ETA work perfectly . \* you can not show ETA and MTD -lrb- mile to destination -rrb- at the same time . Booo ... I want both ! . \* the graphic could be better . co-pilot be Sweet look . sound like I be work up Co-Pilot ... lol ... I be not . poor poor Truck map almost every time with Co-Pilot ... DON `` t buy . over View ... the hardware be rock solid , no freeze here and it re-route you fast if you miss a turn but I wish they have a 7 ' . \* the Software be very good for truck mapping and address thanks to garmin extensive datum base but need improvement on the stuff that not as important but convenient . I will update this as I learn , use and remember more . go on 3 day trip tomorrow . md-in-nj-dc-md let see what Rand McNally bring to the table with the tnd710 . I can not wait to get it .
GPS	NEG	2	I have own this for a few month . the first few time it work fine , good capture etc. . then after a few week , the on\/off system fail like many other reviewer have state . I like the compact size , however the build quality be a little weak for constant outdoor use . the main problem be the on\/off switch , it simply be not dependable . also do anyone know be I can download the firmware ? any hint on the reset switch ? it also do not seem to work well .
GPS	NEG	2	I be envious of all the positive review and wish that I could be write one myself , but there be some serious issue that I have not yet be able to resolve , despite extensive online research . 1 . mountain goat mode - be my own term for the 1350t 's navigational preference . for some unknown reason , it direct I away from main road and highway and towards back road , alley , and most recently , hillside trail that I would consider neither safe nor navigable . I have find many forum post on this issue and have try experiment with both the Avoidance and Shortest\/Fastest setting , but have yet to solve this problem . 2 . City navigation make I feel like I be the object of a Punk would style prank . the slow response time , tendency of the screen to freeze and poor accuracy make it easy to drive right past you turn and trigger the all too familiar `` recalculate '' . I can not tell you how frustrating this can be . even when you do make the recommend turn , you often trigger the `` recalculate '' response . 3 . battery life be average 10-15min on a full charge , which I feel be inadequate . if anyone have any suggestion , please post they in a response . in the meantime , I be go to try a Tom-Tom .
GPS	POS	5	this unit be excellent , w \/ the all-new version 8 software built-in . I have read over 200 previous review before I make this purchase , and I have to concur that for the price , it might be the best one out there . as state everywhere , it be a `` right-out-of-the-box '' unit , and be simple and easy to use . I be personally thrill with the Garmin c330 , and will probably transfer it to my next vehicle , instead of deliberately choose a vehicle with a built-in system . great product and great pricing ; with all-new preloaded software .
GPS	POS	4	great bang for buck . pro : have a lot of feature . first 2 unit I receive -lrb- one for car , one for truck -rrb- be bad & have to be exchange . thanks to Amazon for fast turn around -lrb- 2 day -rrb- . one have a bad dvd player `` bad disc '' with any dvd I put in . also have a hi pitch whine on the bluetooth source . would not go away unless I turn the car off & back on then quickly change source . second unit would constantly open the motorized screen & continue run the motor non stop . frustrating since I have to spend several hour trouble shoot & remove the unit . receive the 2 replacement unit -lrb- overnight shipping , thanks again Amazon -rrb- and install they . some minor quirk but over all good . install the 1st in my truck - the ipod cable sometimes do not play right channel audio . have to squeeze the adapter & wiggle it . the 2nd install in my wife car , the 4gb sd card for gp be bad on arrival . luckily I have order 2 & copy the software from the 1st sd card onto my laptop . then buy a new card at Walmart -lrb- also 4 gb -rrb- and paste the information onto the new card . put it in & good to go . I 'll be contact the manufacturer for a replacement ipod cable and sd card . will also be ask about the map update as all update I have attempt thus far fail . Edit : I still have not contact the manufacturer for replacement of the defective item . I 'll be do that Monday . additional information - this be my first in depth diy car audio\/video install . I end up around 15 hour per vehicle . this involve the head unit , door & dash speakers\/tweeters , rear view camera , subwoofer under seat & custom dash aux input -lrb- rca for video , 1\/8 '' stereo for audio -rrb- . if you have some electronic knowledge & be patient this be not a terrible diy project . if you be not electronically knowledgeable & a patient person ... I highly suggest get this professionally install . have use they drive around town & on a 6 hour road trip . I have notice a few thing . first - I wish the reset between touch screen press be faster . you can only press button so fast , about 1-2 time a second . while this do not seem like a big deal , it make a difference for those who want to turn the volume up\/down quickly , cycle through page on you ipod . second - make and receive phone call . if you have a disc playing , it will pause the movie to switch to the bluetooth feature . if the call drop you have to wait 10-20 seconds before make the call again or you call will connect without audio or mic input . third - sometimes the GPS datum fail to load & throw a error . click yes will reset you setting . beware . this be a unit that be very affordable & offer many feature . there be some bug . for anyone well verse in window & program the Windows CE 6.0 environment can do some cool thing .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy this because Amazon recommend this carry case with a Magellan GPS on the bottom of the Magellan 2045 web page . I buy it think it would save I some time go to a store . when I put my new Magellan 2045 GPS in the carry case it be a struggle . upon take it out the Magellan have a nice scratch across the top . if a carry case be suppose to protect the gp this fail completely . I would not recommend this case unless you put a smaller gp unit in it . front and back have enough room but the side be extremely tight . for something like this go to one of those kiosk in the mall to ensure a good fit . to I the title be mislead so now you know my opinion . I can not state anything about the durability since I just get it today .
GPS	NEU	3	I have order 2 of these and they definitely do what they say they will do . provide charge and run power for my Magellan with a decent length of cord . unfortunately , there be a few con . first , it be build to very low standard . I have one that be drop from about 2 foot off the ground and the plastic housing shatter . all internal component spill out and because the actual plastic be damage , it become unusable . second , the connector on the gp end be not a exact match to the original charger so it do not fit the windshield mount properly . this be a minor thing since a little creativity can get you around it but it be definitely worth mention . overall , if you treat it with kid glove , this seem to be a good , low-cost replacement adapter .
GPS	NEU	3	this gp be ok . when I start look at different model to replace my old Magellan -lrb- obsolete because they stop release map update after I have it one year -rrb- I see this one and just have to have it because of the big screen . now that I have it I kind of wish I get a smaller one and save some money . the big screen be nice , but I can see my old one with a 3.5 inch screen just fine , so I do not really need such a large screen . my main gripe with this unit be the pathetic little mount it come with . the mount be so tiny that it be useless , and , of course , they will sell you the proper mount for a extra fifty buck . so that seem a little dishonest to I . so if you be consider this unit , figure on spend the fifty dollar more , and just order the right mount at the same time and save yourself a headache .
GPS	NEG	1	this be junk , just like every piece of technology . the map do not update and it can not locate major city or street . use a compass and map , the never fail system .
GPS	NEU	3	the item be ok but I hate the fact that I be get pop-up advertisement when it come on . it also have some mis information in it as do my old one which sometimes lead I into never never land .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this device to help I pace my run . it do a decent job at it when it can get the necessary signal . unfortunately , it lose signal pretty often . I be look at the output of the run log program , and it show that I reach a run speed of 20 mile a hour at one point . well , I can hardly get up to that speed on a bike . the error be obviously cause by the lose of signal . because of this , the device be good but not great .
GPS	NEG	2	if you be new to GPS navigator , I would avoid this product . the web site , documentation and normal operation be confusing and counter-intuitive . the customer service be good which be essential since you will need they often until all the quirk of this device be figure out . one example , I try to get a pdf manual download from the website for my device - except it be not list . call customer service I be tell to download another model number manual since mine be new . Fine , except the manual be the british version , all that be available . now supposedly we speak the same language but there be enough difference in navigational nomenclature that it just add to the confusion . I will keep the device but wish it be a Garmin .
GPS	NEG	1	do not receive sat better than my internal Ipad gp switch on alone in a pocket almost impossible to swith off , the touch switch off system do not work properly
GPS	POS	4	the only thing lack in this item be something that secure the GPS unit inside of the case like a netted pocket or elastic band . otherwise it be a great value for you money & great for travel !
GPS	NEG	1	this be the worst car charger I have ever purchase . it dose not work most of the time and when it do it get so hot I be afraid it will catch fire .
GPS	POS	5	to echo the comment of other satisfied customer , this be what runner have be wait for . a meaningful -lrb- and accurate ! -rrb- speedometer for runner !! I have use this product several time , in a variety of condition and have only receive the weak signal alarm once -lrb- and that be with tree cover and significant terrain -rrb- . while other reviewer have opt to wear the unit on they upper arm , I wear it like a watch and have not have problem . I like the fact that this unit be significantly smaller than the Bodylink unit and be contain in a single unit .  the accuracy be amazing . over a 3.5 mile partially wood trail , the Forerunner differ from a post mileage marker 0.04 mile . on a 25-mile open road bicycle ride , the Forerunner differ from my cyclometer by 0.1 mile -lrb- I assume that the cyclometer need calibration -rrb- .  the ability to load new firmware be a powerful feature of the Forerunner . I upgrade to the latest version upon receive the unit . the process take a few minute and add several new feature . one of the new feature , interval training , be well lay out and easy to customize .  one noticeable downside be no auto-shutoff . while the battery life be advertise at 14 hour , I accidentally leave it on in my briefcase and drain the battery . I hope they fix this in future firmware version .  if you be a casual runner who want to log a couple of hour a week or you be look for a unit to do navigation or geo-caching , look elsewhere . but if you want to keep meticulous track of you mileage and hold to a detailed training plan , the Forerunner be invaluable .
GPS	POS	5	I have use other gp system and even those on my laptop and all with some reservation . one day i be in best buy look over what they have for onroad gp 's and come across the Garmin c320 . I be compare several brand there but keep come back to the Garmin . well , I ask the store attendant if I purchase it and later decide it be not what I want could I bring it back . I go out to my car , open the package , mount the unit , pluge it in , turn it on and viola ! , the unit find I . well , I quickly find out that the unit be most intuitive . I have a appointment across town and decide to use it to see if it would take I on the route I always go . nope ! it want I to go another way . in fact , they way it choose I have never even think of . I follow it and get there without a hitch . it voice prompt you so you really never\/rarely need to take you eye off the road . I know right then and they that best buy be not go to get a chance to place they mit on my gp ! Trust I , if you be want a gp unit for you car and you want one that be easy to use , get this one .
GPS	POS	4	since I no longer use my `` stock cd\/cassette\/am . FM radio '' , as all my music be on my Samsung Focus -lrb- finally find a 32 gig expansion memory chip that be WINDOWS PHONE 7 CERTIFIED . this tuck into the CD aperture , and there be a thick plastic knob that tighten the grip by expand once place inside the CD slot and turn . there be a push button release to remove you phone\/gps from the mount . some folk be complain that they could not get sufficient `` grip to tighten it all the way '' . SWIVEL the PART that actually \*\* hold \*\* the phone upside-down . that will give you all the `` room '' you need . now that it be tighten , turn it back over and it be ready for use . I also use the MONSTER CABLE CASSETTE TAPE ADAPTER and use the mp3 from my Samsung Focus . have not take this puppy out for a `` test drive to see how it do over bump and such '' . once this get the `` road test '' , I 'll edit my review accordingly . 8.19.2011 8.21.2011 ~ WOW , I be impressed , drive this over the toughest road in my truck , it do BOUNCE , BUT SO DID the TRUCK and EVERYTHING in IT !! ; -rrb- -rrb- this unit pass my `` acid test '' , so it be `` Christopher Approved '' . BTW , if you want to see the video of this in operation , go here to the MOUNTEK SITE : -lrb- ... -rrb- btw , they say `` shipping between Aug 21 and 26th '' . I order this on Weds Aug 17 , 2011 and it arrive USPS on Friday before noon . Pretty fast\/slick . I be impressed with that quick a delivery . Christopher
GPS	NEU	3	the Garmin 2350LMT that I have use on one 5 day business trip work ok ... and I be still learn how to best use it . it be easy to mount and to read but there be one glitch I have discover that have to do with the listing of area offering . for example , I be stay in read pa at a hotel and ask for the name of italian restaurant because I be meet a client at one of they and be not sure of the spelling . the Garmin 2350LMT give I the name of the italian restaurant in the area and I click on the one with the name I want . the GPS tell I where this restaurant be and I drive @ 20 mile to that place . upon arrival I discoverd that there be four -lrb- 4 -rrb- area restaurant with that same name -lrb- family own -rrb- and my Garmin GPS Unit have only list the one furthest away from the hotel . it should have note there be four of they and they mileage from my location . that simple action would have save I the embarassment of be 45 minute late for a meeting . I read another review of the unit in a magazine and apparently that reviewer note a similar failure with the unit . this would be fixable with a download of a  Garmin nuvi 2350LMT 4.3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator with Lifetime Traffic & Map Updates
GPS	NEU	3	it do not have the automatic route function . you have to set the route manually or spend some money to buy software to do that offline . if you be off the predefined route by mistake , you have to figure out how to get back to the route by yourself . but anyway , for this price , you really can not expect that much .
GPS	POS	5	as a owner of a service company , we have to venture into area that be unfamiliar . laptop be cunbersome to operate in the car and that be far more than what we need and mapbook be outdate before the ink dry . the Nuvi be purchase in April 2010 and have prove itself to be a perfect choice and fit for we need . the setup be complete and good to go in 10 minute . every feature so far have prove itself just as advertise . it have be use , without error , thruout the California Central Valley town and extensively in the so . cal beachfront area of L.A. \/ Orange and San Diego Counties . I would recommend this tool and would certainly by one again . the one minor issue be that the Nuvi will not charge if leave in the direct sunlight -lrb- such as a dashboard or windshield -rrb- and plug into the power port of the vehicle . a safety feature prevent charge so that it do not overheat . we learn to work with this quickly and do not have any other issue with it .
GPS	POS	4	after a high recommendation we purchase the Garmen 350 . it be wonderful . the kid call she `` Miss Bossy '' because she direct we every move .
GPS	NEU	3	I buy this item because I want to have traffic info give the fact that I live in a busy city . happily I follow the provide route , only to get stick in a traffic jam . this thing do not provide any traffic info in South Carolina at all . for the rest it function quite well , although it do not see much use road even with the latest update . a nice example be Palmetto commerce parkway . a four lane commuter road . accord to Garmin it do not exist . update it be a pain . it take forever to download and install map . still , way better than Tomtom , which try to get I to drive into a pasture .
GPS	POS	5	all i have to say be that GARMIN be one the best company that i have ever deal with . I have -lrb- 3 -rrb- GARMIN GPS 's . the c340 be a excellent piece to have in you car . I will not go into as to how good it be , because all of the other comment below speak for itself ... what i would like to emphamize be the warranty and service from they . I have recently have my c340 fall due to the window mount fail -lrb- that be another issue that i have address to they about -rrb- and the screen crack , ect . . well , then be not only fix it for I under warranty , but they be also give I at no charge a new tripod mount for the dashboard which be over a $ 50 value ... . THEY ROCK ... I will not buy any other brand other then Garmin and neither should you !
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this as a upgrade \/ replacement for a 5 year old Garmin 60c . my old 60c be a steadfast companion on myriad canoe camping trip and have help I out of dicey situation many time . this newer model be strikingly similar except for some small but significant change . ~ the receiver be far faster to lock onto sattelite and fix position ~ the receiver have much greater sensitivity - this one actually can lock on and follow I in my house ! ~ battery life be slightly improve ~ syncing to a pc seem easier and more solid at Amazon 's price I pay $ 110 - less than I do 5 year ago , and that be at a good discount .
GPS	POS	4	just get this unit yesterday with the expectation that the bluetooth `` broadcast navigation and phone call through you car stereo '' like the description say on the amazon page ... come to find out this be not true . Amazon should edit that description so nobody else will be mislead . it come out of a weak speaker build into the GPS itself and the microphone sound muffle to those on the other end of the call . . other than that , so far so good .
GPS	POS	5	I own 3 gp , one garmin , one tomtom 910 and since yesterday a 510 . I use the garmin on the trail and the jeep , and my 910 have be with I for a couple of month cruise Europe and North America . I buy the 510 , because it be cheap and also base on my experience with the 910 . my wife want a gp in she car so I order it , in 5 min at work ... then , a couple of day later , while wait for the item , I start read the review and be stun by some of the negative comment ; 2 possibility , either I buy a lemon , or some people have no idea of what they be buy or how to operate a basic electronic device -lrb- like have the 12.00 flash on they VCR -rrb- ... after own the 510 for 10 day , I now believe that some people should stick to paper map ! pro : setup : 20 min , include download the update , and set up the bracket on the windshield of my wife car . navigate the menu be a breeze . reliability : perfect . not one reboot ... the 510 will even navigate through some forest trail in the mountain . pous : plentiful enough ... Bluetooth : synch it with my blackberry pearl the FIRST TIME !!! con : none so far ...
GPS	NEG	1	the Garmin 1490LMT be simply a horrible gp unit . the only good thing about it be the large screen , but even it can look bad when view at much of a angle . it will not pair with my Bluetooth phone , as claim . the speech synthesizer sound like something from 1980 . horrible and annoying . in my brief usage around town , I find it have street name wrong . even with map detail set to maximum , it often do not show many street unless you turn onto they . even major exit ramp do not appear ! meanwhile , it will show `` road '' that be essentially just driveway . it often give extremely little advance notice of turn . so little that you have no time to slow down to make the turn . the map display be miserable . in map view -lrb- straight down 2d view -rrb- , the road can look so wide that they overlap each other -lrb- if it bother to show they at all -rrb- . in 3d mode , the perspective be very misleading and unrealistic . then there be the repeat annoyance of just turn it on . every single time it have a warning that you have to click on -lrb- or wait for a while to go away on its own -rrb- . then it go back to the main menu . so , you stop at a gas station and get back in the car a few minute later . yes , you have to click the warning . then it do not take you to where you leave off . it go back to the main menu ! what the heck ?! my ancient Mio be so much better than this unit be every single way except screen size . this Garmin be go back , today .
GPS	POS	5	after have problem with my Magellan Road Mate 2200T , I take a chance with the Garmin Nuvi 350 . I see very good review from user about this . and accord to my expectation , this be good to use . the only problem with the Nuvi 350 be , at time it catch the satellite signal slowly . it have a estimate arrival time show at the left bottom corner and I dont have a option to change the setting to see the estimated mile I need to drive . it change the route very fast as I miss the direction Nuvi Suggests . altogether its a good experience with the nuvi350 . I recommend this .
GPS	NEG	2	it be a case and work as a case should but on hindsight , I should have buy a larger one that take the car charger and the windscreen mount as the first time I use the GPS , I inadvertently leave the windscreen bracket in the rental car as it be too big to fit in this case with the the car charger .
GPS	POS	5	I receive my Garmin 350 last night and could not wait to try it out . I take a road trip over to Manassas , VA , about 15 mile away and it get I to where I want to go without a hitch . Ok , so it add a turn that I would not have take , since I know where I be go , but that be no big deal . it get I there and the voice direction be great ! it give you plenty of advanced warning as to what lane you should be in for the next turn . after I arrive in Manassas , I select a shopping mall over in Woodbridge , VA and it take I over there , once again , without a hitch . this morning I use it on the way to work , just to see how it would route I . I work at the Pentagon and live about 29 mile south . the Garmin do not miss a beat , until I get to the road that lead in to the south parking area . it be go to route I around the block to get into south parking , but I know a shorter route and take it . either way , it be no big deal , because the Garmin would have get I to the same location about 45 seconds later . if I have be in a strange place , I would not have be the wiser . I be truly impress with this gp and I be sure I 'll get a lot of use out of it .
GPS	NEU	3	I buy a Magellan Roadmate 700 last weekend and return it today . 1 . it automatically shut down 10 to 15 minute in both of my car -lrb- 2002 and 2004 car -rrb- . this problem become severe if I use a\/c on the road . I would rather to believe that be a defect instead of my car battery problem . 2 . this unit lose signal often in both Boston city and rural area . the manuver list become the only way to navigate at that time . 3 . because there be a lot small road in Boston area , I have to look at the screen from time to time to see which exact road I need turn to . Hope the voice guide can tell I the road name I be go to turn to . so that I can pay more attention on the road . the good thing be it be very easy to use . the windshield be very reliable . I be go to see if Garmin 2620 can work better than this . Update 05\/17\/2005 : Got & test Garmin 2620 yesterday . overall , I feel it be better than Magellan 700 . and I will keep Garmin 2620 . Garmin 2620 also lose signal in my car sometimes in Boston area . after press the speak button to repeat the instruction , it be very easy for I to find the destination . maybe it be better to get a external antenna . it be very easy for I to find all my favorit restaurant with 20 mile from my home . if I choose to avoid those busy road , it only take 5 to 10 seconds to recalculate a new route for I . it be relativly difficult to use compare with magelan 700 . but less than 20 minute , you will know how to use it . the problem be it even can not find my home address . and I have to use my neighbor 's address as my home address . multi-user option in Magellan be very good feature .
GPS	POS	4	this be my first GPS , and let I say its great ! easy to read screen , and it come with a cool transflash card , mine be a 64mb not 32 from newegg , spend the couple more buck and get this one ! the turn by turn work on the basemap , but i would like to get the city one , the real con be the basemap suck , they dont show my development that i have live in for 20 year , but it show all the major road , keep this in mind !
GPS	POS	4	the product be good and easy to use . two flip side though : 1 . the garmin website do not work well with Firefox and it take I 1 week to figure that out and hence the map updation process be a pain in the butt . 2 . unless you put the antenna out of this garmin gp , the device do not recognize you current location and simply give you direction from the last current place , which be there when you use gp with antenna . so , it be not very obvious why be it happen and it take I some time to figure out what be go on . this problem be specific to all Garmin model with antenna , which suck . . ! 3 . other than that , device be just work fine .
GPS	NEU	3	I have a mixed review about this unit . I be a owner of several Garmin product , include a previous Nuvi -lrb- 765t -rrb- and multiple handheld gpsr -lrb- 60c , 60csx , Oregon 400t -rrb- and have be happy with all of they . I have also be very happy with Garmin 's technical support and customer service . when the time come that we decide we need multiple Nuvis in we family , I like this unit 's bigger screen , lifetime map update and traffic , and voice activation , so I decide to go for this one for we new Nuvi . the good : the touchscreen seem more responsive than my 765t and while the interface be a little bit different from the 765t , it do not take too long to get use to it . the voice activation work very well , and make this unit the perfect partner for my iPhone as it give I the voice-activated dialing that I would have to pay for otherwise . the bad : the newer software have a important flaw that will affect anyone who download or add favorite or point of interest . first , all of those icon have be replace on the map by tiny little black dot that do not allow you to pick out what they represent . worse , if you be zoom out to a scale more than 1.2 mile , they disappear completely . as a avid geocacher who use a Nuvi to identify where geocach be as I travel , this flaw be a backbreaker . it will also be a problem if you download or enter set of waypoint for favorite restaurant or other location you would want to find while travel . previous unit allow you to see these favorite at any level of zoom . -lrb- most restaurant be not in Garmin 's database in the Nuvi . -rrb- Garmin be aware of the problem but do not know when a fix\/update will be available . I send the unit back , but if the problem ever get fix I 'll probably run to get this unit again .
GPS	POS	5	the TomTom one be one of the best purchase that I have ever make , I have it with I all the time . I like it because it do not have all the bell and whistle of the other navigation aid . it do one thing and that be get you to where you want to be in the shortest time . I use it every time that I go out . the TomTom one be worth its ' weight in gold . I be glad that I bring the TomTom one and not some other navigation aid . highly recommend .
GPS	NEU	3	I receive this in great time . I decide to use it around my city before go on a trip to get use to it . I set a work route and it route I the long way to my job , even though I select `` the fastest '' set . then I have to tailor the address of my job , fudging the number some so that it would take I the same way that I go everyday -lrb- which really be the fastest -rrb- . I think this may be a problem in area that I do not know well . I think even with the GPS , a good old map be still need . I like that when approach street the name pop up . this be useful in find a street at night -lrb- say when you be go to unfamiliar territory in you own town -rrb- the unit be pretty big , easy to see and the touch screen be great . the icon be as easy to access . the voice be customizable and the volume can be control very well . I like the Ecochallenge that tell you how much money you spend when drive -lrb- I find out that I spend $ 2 a day drive to work -rrb- I like the fact that it come with a very nice mount . with the option to place on the dash or the window . some have complain about ad , but I be ride near a best western and a coupon -lrb- ad -rrb- pop up . I think this may be useful when travel . they do not pop up a lot so it be tolerable . the only thing that I have only see once be the `` junction view '' . it look very nice and look just like the picture in the Garmin nuvus ad . but that be one time only . and I think that be because I have the GPS in the seat and not on the dash . I look down and there it be . I almost miss it . I do not know if it be a glitch in the system . I have drive on highway that have the junction and it never come up . it wont even come up in the same spot that I see it the one time when the unit be lay in the seat . how weird ! the Traffic feature be ok at best . it may tell you there be traffic and it may not . it be a hit or miss . I find that it do not always recognize traffic and I be in the middle of it ! other time it would say there be a lot of traffic ahead and there be nothing at all . I will keep this because it be useful and better than have nothing , but it do not deliver on all the promise in the advertisement .
GPS	NEG	1	no wonder this be on sale for $ 70 at best buy . the Tom Tom be unable to find any of the last three destination I enter , one of which be the town police headquarters . frequently it wont even acknowledge that the street you be seek even exist . Tom Tom seem particularly confuse where there be directional name like South East 24th Avenue - didnt exist accord to Tom Tom , how about go to Northwest 24th Avenue ? some say life be about the journey , but when you be try to get to the police station , its about the destination . Tom Tom cant get you there .
GPS	POS	4	we get we Garmin just before a trip to Southern Spain and Portugal . we purchase the optional european map and be amaze with how it help we with the tiny street in the city with no street sign and the small and large road in the country side . we have a few small problem but they may have be we learn how to use it .
GPS	POS	5	Works great with my BlackBerry Curve 8300 run Google Maps or TeleNav software . no complaint here .
GPS	POS	4	this be my first automotive gp and it do a good job . it easily follow the signal and with WAAS it know exactly where you be . Street name be easy to read even on the 3.5 '' screen . drawback : do not always find the best route -lrb- ignore a one-way street and have I go around the block and return from the other direction . -rrb- -lrb- rte 5 and RTE 91 merge together and then separate and it have I continue on RTE 5 when I be in fact on route 91 -rrb- that say , many GPS 's have th same quirk . typing in address be easy but find a particular pous in its database take considerable time to search . pro : good verbal direction and easy to use . it have teach I more street name by call out they name then I ever know . if you miss you turn it immediately provide new direction to get you back on track . tell you you expect arrival time which be adjust for you speed . I see they make wider screen on some -- do not think I need that -- work just fine . I may buy another for the other car .
GPS	NEU	3	the product be present as new which ment thirty day free map up-date , but when I try to update be tell it expire .
GPS	POS	5	this be one of the few time I have purchase a product that stand up to it be billing . my roadmate700 be easy to use , accuracy be better than the three meter state in the manual most of the time . the installation be so easy it supprise I by have to slightly bend the three prong into a tripod shape and push it into the air conditioner vent . excellent product , thank you for make my road travel fun William A Ray , New Jersey USA
GPS	POS	4	I have do about 5 run with this so far and it be great the first couple of run and bike ride , but now it seem to be have trouble find the satellite all the time . I be do the same route so it be not that I have change my area . I like all the feature and its great when it be work . love be able to download to my computer . it be super easy to use .
GPS	POS	5	I have be a long time user of a older model Nuvi and instead of update the map , I decide it be time for a new one and I be so glad I do . I do my research and try to narrow it down to the one I want and decide on this one . I absolutely love that it have lifetime FREE map and traffic . that be the decide factor because I 'll never have to worry about it be out of date , have the wrong road -lrb- if they have change -rrb- , or actually not have new road or development . so that be the reasoning behind I get this -lrb- also be a very satisfied former owner of one , I would never change to another company for navigation -rrb- . now we 'll get to the good stuff ... actually own and use it . I do not think I could be much more impressed with this one over the last one I have because the last one I have be the absolute highest top of the line one they have and always work very well -lrb- but just be out of date -rrb- . but this thing somehow blow that one away believe it or not . they have add so many helpful feature and have really make the user experience near flawless . the lane assist be great ! I love how the screen movement be much more accurate and smoother . I also find it amazing in term of how fast it know where I be after be off for a while and then start it up in a totally different place . some people I know who own very cheap GPS 's always complain they take forever to locate where they be so they can start that navigation process . but this thing , so far , have be incredible and almost within seconds locate the satellite which get I on my way much faster than lower end one . also , my previous version do not have a screen quite this big and the inch difference make a huge difference to be honest . it be so easy to read and view while drive . for those of you who might be consider this as you first gp device I must say ... GO for it ! you will absolutely love Garmin ... they be truly the best at what they do . this unit feature read out direction that prompt you at just the perfect time -lrb- not too early and not too late -rrb- and then remind you again as it get a little closer . the readout of even some of the oddest street name be often very good -lrb- or very funny if that , but you still know what it be say -rrb- . it also have a lot of great other feature that be perfect for road trip or even just a weekend joy ride . the point of interest on this unit be incredible as well . that be the one little complaint I have about the older version ... it do not do a great job of find POI 's that be not somewhat close to where I currently be . but this one will find they almost no matter where they be and it do it much quicker than I would think . so that be a major plus as well . since I usually only use my unit when I be go to -lrb- or drive home from -rrb- place that I be not familiar with , I do not use it for daily driving and have not have a chance to experience the traffic update . from what I have read and hear from other who own a garmin with traffic update , it be pretty good at reroute you around the traffic , but I can not vouch for that personally as I have not use it in that scenario yet . the only place I usually hit traffic be go to or come home from work and I do not use the unit at those time since I know probably 10 different way to get home and they be all clog with traffic . but I have hear they work pretty well for that and will update this at some point if I have a positive or negative thing to say about the traffic feature . I hope I have hit the topic you may have be wonder about if you be read review . I can not say that I use this to the fullest extent base on all the amazing feature it have , because like I have mention , I do not use it on a regular basis . but I will say the 10 or so time I have use it in the last month after receive it , I have be super impressed and love it . it be just so great to know that I 'll never be lose or have any issue find my way . it be a great feeling to know that and Garmin have be my trust and rely upon choice for over 7 year now . I would highly recommend Garmin to anyone , and more speicifically this unit .
GPS	NEG	2	my recently acquire RINO 530 unit frequently lock up when in use in the field . sometimes I can use the power button to reset it , but other time I have to remove the battery to get it to reset . if you be rely on this to keep in emergency contact with other hunter and\/or hiker , be prepare to check it frequently , as when it lock up , the radio also cease to operate . I notice from other review of rino -lrb- eg the 130 -rrb- that this be a family problem . another more serious design flaw be that the antenna have already work loose after just 4 day of use in the field . perhaps this be because I use it to pull the unit out of my pocket -lrb- but give the size of the 530 with it li-ion brick pack , that be about the only way to get it out -rrb- . the antenna -lrb- actually the rubber cover -rrb- be merely glue to the top of the unit , and as the antenna flex under normal use , its just a matter of time before it will come off . there be few glue that can stick to flexible rubber well , and this be not one of they . this clearly do not live up to the ` ruggedness ' claim in Garmin 's spec . I like the feature this unit offer ; great color display -lrb- with day and night setting change at sundown to aid visibility -rrb- , great battery life -lrb- never a strong point for its etrex model -rrb- , and a powerful radio . also , it be very fast at acquire satellite signal by virtue of it be 2d - -rrb- 3d mode transitional lock ; something my eTrex Legend have be very slow to do . however , give the two problem note above , I must return this to the manufacturer and wait for a better offering . that be a shame as Garmin have corner the market for integrate radio\/gps device , so I can only hope they get this ready for market before the next season be upon we .
GPS	POS	4	this a great hand hold . very durable and seem to be very accurate , and reliable . Easy to read very portable . however it do not do paperless caching so I would not purchase again .
GPS	POS	5	very nice setup , come with ac adapter , car charger and window suction mount . if you do not follow it be direction it recaluclate almost immediately with new one . huge pre-built datum base of gas station , restaurant , hotel etc. . type in any address and it find it . come with entire US build in , so you do not need to upload map to it as you travel to new area . only negative be that it be a little hard to read in direct sunlight and like all similar product it sometimes miss a more direct route . I be very impressed with it .
GPS	NEG	1	receive the unit in normal time from Amazon . fail , fail , fail from then on . down load the pc communicator -- fail . download the 510 program -- fail . the free trial to Geocashing.com premium -- fail . quote from geocashing.com `` please send a photo of the free trial card you receive with a clear image of the trial code - from there I will be able to better assist you . '' the touch screen be cranky and seem to work less well when in sunlight . the demo tape keep reappear . the menu be not intuitive . instruction manual hardcopy can be buy ???? down load a copy of the manual be the ONLY download that work . spend the morning in the field set some waypoint . spend the whole afternoon at home in frustration . do not bother contact Magellan 's customer service . do not need extra frustration . see other review for that . it go back to AMazon . the one good feature be the ability to get a signal in deep cover . at least better signal than my 10 year old explorist .
GPS	NEU	3	I buy this to replace a older Garmin since the cost to update the map be close to the cost of a new unit . this be a great gp unit in every respect except it do not have a external volumn control . I prefer to cut the volumn on that annoying voice -lrb- recalculate -rrb- when I be in area that be familiar . the volumn control on this device be bury in the menu - annoying .
GPS	POS	5	I really like they , and this model be slightly improve over previous one . it have a additional screen that conveniently display additional information . it be easy to use and accurate . the first one I own fail due to a software glitch , but Garmin provide I with a patch . I especially like the ability to download waypoint from my topographical program . get the carry case so the screen do not get scratch up .
GPS	POS	5	the seler be fast and the product a beanbag dash mount be great ! it be very heary and do not move on the dash board . no more gp fall off , no more sticky film on dash or window . stick itto the base in the middle of the bean bag and you never have to move it again . you just move the gp .
GPS	NEU	3	welcome to knock-off city . when the case arrive , it smell like a combination of a tire lot and smolder plastic . then have to use scissors to trim the excess fabric in order for the zipper to close properly . it be cheap and with a few adjustment , you can make it work .
GPS	NEG	1	I give the 1450lmt to my wife for Xmas . I have register it and update the map 3 time . however , the Garmin briefly flash a message `` no technical detail ... '' and then go to another screen . so , I have not read the entire message yet . but , update the map take 39 minute on my high speed line . so , this have already take nearly 4 hour follow a 4 hour charge period , and I have accomplish nothing . I send a message to Garmin and the automatic response state they try to respond to all email within 3 day . I read several negative review prior to purchase the 1450 , and now I wish I have not bother . the 1450 simply be not ready for the market .
GPS	POS	5	I get the Forerunner just in time to start the new year , and it have be a great motivational tool to keep I run on a regular basis . just see it on my desk make I want to go for a run !  i run a number of different route , and it be nice to be able to alter they on the fly to keep my distance fairly consistent . I have use it for walk , run and on my bike to check speed and distance , and it be easy to delete workout if you do not want bike or walk datum pollute you run log . if you be run in the dark you can press the power button briefly to turn on the -lrb- very nice golden -rrb- back light for about 15 seconds at a time .  the only problem that I have have be after change my weight setting the calorie counter seem to be a bit whack out - 216 calorie to run 6.27 mile in under a hour at 175 lb . do not seem quite correct . hopefully new firmware or a reset will correct it , but I 'll wait until after the pc log software be release before try to correct it .  it be easy to strap onto a bike that have a thick cyclometer or light mount on the handlebar , so I can not imagine buy the bike adapter at this point .  great product . have not be so happy on the bleeding edge since get my first generation ipod .
GPS	POS	4	plus I have get mine as a gift , so it be free for I . I start use the unit shortly after I have get it . it be a great little helper . I upgrade the firmware to the latest version with the WebUpdater . I live in the NYC metro area and I try to confuse it many time go from Jersey to NY and back , change route suddenly and so on trick but do not succeed . it be recalculate route every time I fail to follow the direction . it do a great job pull I out of a situation , in which I appear to be lose -lrb- if I be not look at the screen , but try to find orientation on my own -rrb- . I turn the WAAS option and with it be really precise with it -lrb- less than 10 ft -rrb- . here be a link , explain the option in detail : -lrb- ... -rrb- as a product it be very professionally packed and with all necessary connector and cable to work in the car and charge the battery at home . no print manual , but not a big deal . it be very intuitive to start with , so you would not need a lot of instruction . I give it 4 star because of the follow ... minus -lrb- two thing from the top of my head -rrb- \* the battery be li-ion and they be know for they 2 year average life , so if I need to use it in 3 year from now , the chance be I will not be able to use it without external power source . there be no way to change the battery , except if -lrb- my guess only -rrb- you open the unit up , unsolder the old and solder a new one on the board . \* there be not enough information about the commercial place like grossery and department store . yet there be enough space on the card to add they . when I first connect it , the free space be over 500 mb . I hope if there be a later update of the map , they will include all of the miss object .
GPS	POS	5	buy it for my wife to use in she business . very easy to setup and use . I recommend it highly .
GPS	POS	5	my Garmin GPS V Deluxe have prove to be very useful . after a learning curve of several attempt , I be able to use this with ease for yard sale and short trip to neighbor town . my wife be usually befuddle by electronics and be even able to use the GPS for a recent trip after I set up a location for she to find , several day before she take she trip .
GPS	POS	4	Geocaching have become the leisure activity of choice for my husband and I -lrb- aka `` trekkin ' and Birdin ' '' -rrb- , take we to incredible waterfall tuck in sandstone canyon , cave and many other adventure . we already own a Garmin GPS map60csx , and want a second device for those time when one or the other of we be travel and want to break up those trip with a cache or two . this be we choice . as with the higher price version , user must be conscious of which button they push , as it be easy to hit `` enter '' when you want to hit `` quit , '' therefore list a cache as `` find , '' when it be not be find yet . that say , the device be very sensitive and hold the signal well , even in the heavy cover of forest or rocky bluff , prefer location for we to cache . it be able to stand up to the kind of abuse this activity demand . it be be drop down rocky slope , fish out of swamp and even take a quick swim from a kayak , and keep work just fine . the two caution I would offer be that battery be eat by these device , even when avoid use of the backlight . after read another review here , we 'll look into the use of the rechargeable he mention . also , do not expect to load you additional map onto a second device for a bargain . we would hope to purchase a additional `` unlock code '' for the City Navigator program we have already buy , and it would cost almost one hundred dollar . if you think you may need to make map available to one device or the other , buy the Secure Digital version with the map may be a better option , as this can be switch back and forth between unit . overall , we have be very happy with the GPS map60cx . it can take the kind of abuse we have dish out as we climb bluffside and rockslide , paddle on river and push through thick thorn in search of we `` smiley . ''
GPS	POS	4	I use the Garmin c330 the entire weekend throw different destination at it . there be one it do not have I just put in the cross street and it find it no problem . this gp be the Apple Macintosh of GPS Units . it just work , it pick up satellite extremely fast , it be simple to use , the windshield mount be probably one of the best I have use . I have not try out the `` detour '' feature yet but it will help when I be stick in construction or in traffic . the internal battery help when try to plan trip and setup favorite while not in you car . as for it not be user replaceable I be glad it be not . do not need to be . not a serious disadvantage . if you want a gp that just work without have to worry about the other `` geeky '' feature like see the satellite and thing . the Garmin c330 be the one to get . the speaker be loud and clear I like to have my radio pretty loud and I be still able to hear the c330 . the drawback be like everyone else have say , it be not good in direct sunlight but with the voice prompt it be not a big issue .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin 76 CSx GPS this as good as it get for now . it have every thing a outdoors person need they even put a jump master on this thing . I love it
GPS	POS	5	Lo use en ee . uu y en argentina , en el primero pude usar todas las funciones y anduvo perfecto a veces es medio lento en mostrar los mapas o recalcular pero e bastante preciso . si lo van a usar en otro paise como en arg , que no hay inf de trafico es gastar plata de mas por ahi recomentaria algo mas barato pero es muy practico sin duda lo recomendaria no tiene problemas en bajar los mapas de internet y cargarlo . muy bueno
GPS	POS	4	I love my Garmin . my only complaint be that it take about a minute to find a satellite in New York City - but that be probably a flaw with the city and not the Garmin . it be a teeny bit bigger than I would like , but it have really push I to run faster and more consistently . it free I up to get off the treadmill and get outside . I have never use a competitor , so I can not compare it to that , but if you be consider go from nothing to a Garmin , I say go for it !
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase the Garman nuvus 1300 and plan to return it after a few day of use : issue be 1 . touch screen be not very sensitive - require a hard push along with extact placement or do not register the touch . 2 . pop-up - unbelievable - ad pop-up for hotel , commercial business etc. . block about 10 % of the screen - no instruction in manual , or set-up munu to toggle off the annoying ad - ad stay on screen until you leave the vicinity of the business - very distracting . I be go to a different brand .
GPS	POS	5	Ihave not have a chance to use it many time . the few time that I have there have be no problem . I really like the large screen
GPS	POS	4	I be lead to belief that I would have map update for free for the life time of the unit , but update be quit price , that be a not so welcome surprise .
GPS	POS	4	I get my Garmin in order to use it on a trip to Europe . the gp signal be great and it be very fast recalculate when a change in course occur . it be not great on the altitude and velocity but overall it work fine . very light weight and nice design . I now use it primarily in South-America and it work just as good .
GPS	POS	5	I recently use the device for a trip from New Jersey to West Virginia . the Garmin Nuvi 350 take I from point a to point b without a problem . it even navigate through back road to several state park located in the mountain . I be especially impress by the way it navigate through multiple highway that either converge or split into other highway . the audible navigation be clear and the system be quick to recalculate a route when need . it be understandable that not every roadway or address can be properly list . perhaps municipality and\/or county who already gather local mapping information can lend a hand by submit up to date information so consumer can have the latest datum at a reasonable price . at a cost of $ 670.00 , Garmin could have offer the consumer at least one free map update when it become available . I recommend this device to anyone who need or like to travel .
GPS	POS	5	I be new to run , listen to several of my `` runner friend '' about how this watch would help I in all stage of my run , but especially as I transition to couch 25k . I buy this watch from Amazon and be SUPER happy with the watch . pro ~ \* it look like a normal watch , unlike previous bulky version and it fit a variety of wrist size . \* it appear to be heavy duty and well make , buckle be sturdy , strap be all thick , flexible rubber , be comfortable to run in , do not snag on anything while on my wrist . \* I can usually connect with a satellite within 1 minute of attempt . I run in town , have not have any interference with connect or dead spot along my run . \* it be user friendly , you may have to breeze through the user manual to figure out how to link up with the heart rate monitor and locate satellite , but if you be at all technically savvy , you can figure this out pretty simply . \* it use a handy convertible charger \ usb to charge or upload , one cord , less hassle . \* I upload to Garmin Connect website , connect to my device well , I choose upload new activity , and whah-lah , I can see a red highlight of my entire workout route each time I upload , even the day i forget to turn off the satellite and drive with my runner partner to Steak-and-Shake for they breakfast special . : -rrb- it be really awesome to see a re-playable virtual map of you run and at what point you heart rate , speed , distance . . etc. . you can view 2 separate chart , or all 3 at once that show performance on each run . if you want to link with other local runner , you can make yourself visible online , perhaps even share route ~ I have no interest in that though , so I disable that function . online software work great on my iMac . I also use the android mobile app for the Garmin Connect website , it be call `` Ga Co Mo. '' it do not show EVERY feature the Garmin website show , but it be a super nice , on the run way to refer back to you stats , calorie burn , date and activity , include modify chart and datum . the mobile app do not let you enter manual activity , like something you forget to enter that you do and remember the activity detail . but instead , you can enter that information online by enter a `` manual '' activity , then you can `` fetch new activity '' from you mobile app and you new activity will then show . \* the user profile on the watch help calculate more accurate datum , like gender , height , weight . use the heart rate monitor be the next step to personalize you run and more accurately measure calorie burn . definitely better to buy the watch with the heart rate monitor include , so much cheaper to buy it bundle !! con ~ \* the charger cord \ usb have a clip with 4 contact point to connect with the back of the watch , sometimes the watch do not charge because those contact point be not exactly line up . I may have a short in the cord too , not sure , but I have to double check each time to make sure it be charge . \* I do experience the screen lock up \ blank screen issue after 2 week of use . I follow what the Garmin web forum say to do and it work the second try . -lrb- while in Power Save Mode , press and hold the light button for 7 seconds , unit will shut off , then press and hold it again for 2 seconds and it should power back up fix the freeze issue -rrb- since then , I make sure to power off the unit after each use and it have not happen since , that be 2 month ago and no problem . ADDITIONAL : the watch be now 3 month old , just last week I notice a small crack in the PAGE \ MENU button , the next day the button must have break in half and be miss . I be work with Garmin currently on how how I can get either a replacement button , or fix , the original paper claim 1 year product warantee . because I do not buy it from Garmin or a physical store , I be a little concerned on warantee . I will post again to let you know how that go . I would definitely buy THIS PRODUCT again , it come highly recommend by MY RUNNER FRIENDS , it give me all the DATA I could possibly want !
GPS	POS	4	we just get back from a two week road trip and 95 % of the time I really like the Garmin 2460 LMT . it have a nice interface with the lane you need to be in and the general direction in a purple color . it also show the speed limit and the speed you be go . another nicer feature be that it city , it automatically show a 2nd screen which show a graphic representation of what the highway should look like and which lane you need to be in . some of the thing I do not like be that at time it use different name than what you see on the highway . it also do not have common sense at time . if you go right when you should have go left , it will take you a circuitious route to try and get back on course , when the smart thing be to just turn around and go back the opposite way . sometimes it also seem to be give contrary information or even wrong information . one restaurant be suppose to be on the left side , when it actaully be on the right side . the traffic warning do not help at all , but we do not get the advertising that some people get . in New York , as be inch we way across the Geroge Washington bridge there be no traffic warning at all . in other place we would get warning , but there be no problem with traffic . all together we like this Garmin , but use common sense when Garmin start to give you stupid advice .
GPS	POS	5	great product , it be not overload , with ton of feature that you need to navigate to to fid what you need and the operation be very user friendly
GPS	POS	5	best Garmin I have own . use if for geocach , backpacking , and hunting . have work very well in heavy forest cover and deep canyon . accuracy be excellent . only difficulty encounter be in find a good screen color for night viewing .
GPS	POS	5	I buy my 410 about 3 week ago and I love it . it push I to run farther and faster than I normally would . it be very easy to use , create you own workout , and run at the pace you want use the virtual partner . gp work great and only take between 30 and 45 seconds to start up . highly recommend if you like to run , especially distance . it be pricey but worth it .
GPS	POS	5	buy this charger to be able to charge both of we droid2 phone -lrb- 750ma each -rrb- at the same time . it do the job . nice form factor too .
GPS	POS	5	I can not really fault this product anything . for under $ 9 it be precisely what one need to protect they GPS unit . I be use this with the  Motorola Motonav tn555 4.3-inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator  if anything , I be a little put out that the GPS unit do not come with the cover .
GPS	POS	5	this be a great bicycle computer for road bike training and general ride . have many parameter it monitor in real time . I especially like the heart rate monitor function -lrb- current hr , hr Zone , HR Alarms , and more -rrb- , plus all the usual bicycle paramter such as speed and cadence include each of they varient . but my favorite be all the gp function -lrb- include upload you ride route to Garmin Training Center software and\/or to MapMyRide.com -rrb- and I really like the % Grade , Elevation , and climb paramter . Works very well here in the foothill of Boulder Colorado area . highly RECOMENDED !!!!!
GPS	POS	5	this be a great product and work in 99 % of car . one of my car have a CD slot set into a concave front so it be not as secure as it could be , but it have work great in all other car I have try incudng several Hertz rental . I be buy a second mount to carry on the road because it be a lot lighter than the dashboard `` friction '' mount I currently use .
GPS	NEG	1	we try to install this print server use two different printer on two different network . the installation CD seem to install on both system , but we be never able to print to the attach printer . the box claim that this product will `` easily connect you printer to a network . '' well , it be easy to connect the cable , but that be as far as we get .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this gp receiver `` fly blind '' - I have little time and no experience . so I buy it through Amazon -lrb- from a Camera outfit in NYC -rrb- , and it arrive really quickly . I do not really know how it would work with my netbook computer and the gp software that I have . it take I a few minute to figure out how to set it up the first time , and then set up the com port -lrb- the default port be not the right one -rrb- , but it be not too hard . then I let it look for satelite - which take over 15 minute . but when I fire up the gp software , it work the first time , and I have no issue with it whatsoever . I do not know if it drain the battery or not ... one time it seem to , and the next it do not . I have only use it a few time , but I be quite satisfied with it .
GPS	POS	5	this be we first gp and we love it . it do exactly what we want it to do which be get we from Ohio to South Carolina for we vacation without get we lose , send we way out in the middle of nowhere , etc. . we have have a lot of issue with use mapquest , phone GPS , etc in the past so we be concern about it get we lose in the mountain or send we to some tiny town in the middle of nowhere like last year with a borrow gp . we fully charge it before we leave and it hold the charge for 5 hour of constant use . we be not able to get it to charge or turn on by use the cigarette adapter , but we have a ac\/dc adapter in the car for my laptop so we just plug in into that and it charge just fine . the times\/miles be pretty accurate though it do seem to have a lag time if you change from the pre-planned route . I be sure there be other gp ' out there that offer a lot more bell and whistle , but this be perfect for someone who just want a basic gp with a simple interface . I also like that we do not have to buy new map and update like I have hear friend have to do . it do take about 90 minute for I to do the first update from the computer , but that be no big deal . I be look forward to use this on more trip .
GPS	NEG	2	I buy the Garmin nuvus 1300lm 4.3-inch portable GPS navigator with lifetime map update . I have have it about a week and have only use it in area that I be familiar with . I do not want to even think about travel in a unfamiliar area with it and surely will not do that without a backup map . several time the direction could have get I into a awful situation . once I be direct onto a minor side street that would have make I miss my freeway entrance . another time I be direct onto the wrong interstate . if I have not be familiar with the proper route , no tell how much I would have have to go out of my way . other direction have be marginal . direct I to a street name , which be not post instead of a highway number that be and other thing like that . hopefully on the next update these thing will be improve . I do like some of the other feature that be not available on my old Garmin . my old Garmin be much better at give correct route , so I know they can do it . I be go to keep my new one and hope for the best . I will be travel with auxillary map though !
GPS	POS	5	excellent product . happy I purchase it . the product work great . screen be easy to see . Voice activation be a great feature when drive .
GPS	POS	5	buy the 1300 LM for the life-time map and love how easy they update . sorry Amazon , best buy have it for $ 139 , great deal ! add custom pous file be simple as well . actually get this for my wife as a birthday present and she love it . would recommend this to anyone interested in a gp .
GPS	POS	5	Came in time for Christmas ! do not include trail software , though . that must be purchase separately .
GPS	POS	5	if you be interested in the GPS aspect of the device , you can read the other review -- like they nearly all say , the 205 and 305 be excellent . I want to specifically point out how much improve and how accurate the heart rate monitor and strap be over the previous version -lrb- forerunner 301 -rrb- , as well as how favorably the 305 hrm function in comparison to the benchmark Polar monitor . the 305 have not drop my heart rate once in nearly three week of daily workout range from one to two hour . I have and have use the 301 for the better part of a year , and continually have problem with interference , which cause extend datum dropout and extremely high , inaccurate reading . the 305 be nothing like the old 301 , which be reason enough to purchase if you require a solid hrm with you gp datum . a side benefit -- it be accurate ! I have compare it with my Polar Accurex monitor , and it be dead on . if anything , the Polar update a bit slower than the Garmin . all in all , a huge improvement , and a great product . highly recommend . also , as a number of other reviewer have say , get the SportTracks software . it be free and it will greatly enhance the viewing of the datum from you new ForeRunner 305 .
GPS	POS	4	this be a huge upgrade from my earlier generation gp . acquisition be very fast and the gp work in environment in which my previous gp would not be usable . unfortunately I also get to provide a customer evaluation of Garmin service as my unit intermittently freeze up . hopefully this experience will be ok as this gp appear to be a excellent product .
GPS	NEG	2	unless you catch it , I have unplug the until from a rental car and not notice the end screw hold the fuse have come off and I be leave with a worthless cable after I discover the situation when I get home . yeah it be my fault but it be still poorly design -- I have have two other unit just stop work -lrb- after the warranty of course -rrb- .
GPS	POS	4	this be a very high quality screen protector , compare to other that I have use . it go on easily and the include finger cot and bubble remover work very well . it be much thinner and more supple than any other I have see , so my screen click be very accurate . it also seem to be very durable , though I have only have it a day , so can not judge how long it will last without scratch . however , the package only include one screen protector . that be the only reason I do not give it five star . for fifteen buck -lrb- include shipping -rrb- , I expect more than one protector in the package . if it be as good as it seem , I might never have to replace it and it would be worth it , but only time will tell .
GPS	POS	4	the price be reasonable and there be very good point to this gp . great display , excellent info ' , lifetime map update , etc. . but my main reason for change from a Garmin GPS i have have for several year be for the bluetooth capability which suck . the volume be like all the other but hard to find a happy medium ... I have a hard time hear the caller on the other end , and they have a hard time hear I . very disappoint for what I be look for ... gp function great ... bluetooth poor .
GPS	POS	5	I have own the Nuvi 350 for about a month and love it . I live in a rural area and have only find one diagonal intersection where it get confuse for a split second . the street annunciation be a must . product seem very well build . due to the timing of when I buy it , upon register it I automatically get upgrade to the 2009 map file -lrb- that be a $ 60 - $ 70 value -rrb- . once you get one search the internet for waypoint and other extra -lrb- the Garmin website will help you find they -rrb- . I receive as a gift and wonder how much I would use it for daily travel . I have it power up even when I be travel known road . with the arrival time feature , it be nice to know when you be expect to arrive . I would recommend the Garmin nuvus line of product to anyone . they be very easy to operate .
GPS	POS	5	this unit be nicely price and well equip . most everyone can pick it up and start use the interface with no more trouble than a ipod -lrb- parent and neighbor include -rrb- . it do not take much space in you car , but if you want to remove from the vehicle often , the Nuvi 's be thinner with bigger screen , but cost more . this be a fantastic navigational aid on trip . do not buy it if you want to go off road or into deep wood , but everyone else will love it .
GPS	NEG	2	I understand that the base map be basically useless , and that I would be look at additional cost to load additional material to fully utilize the device . what I be not prepare for be the insane difficulty there would be 1 -rrb- install and 2 -rrb- unlock the map . the unlock wizard and online tool `` develop '' be misleading , lumbering , counterintuitive , archaic , and almost completely useless . the window base unlock tool do not recognize my online user id , although it be create and use multiple time during the installation process , the MapSource software recognize my unlock key but say the map be not install , my gp unit say the map be find but can not be unlock , online tool say they be install and unlock ... I be wipe out and reinstall x3 !! I have be go around in circle for 5 + hour and still no success .
GPS	POS	5	as expect , a excellent Garmin product . Easy to use , accurate and much information after work with it for several day . use it constantly .
GPS	POS	4	I be very happy with this garmin 110 and although early day it do exactly everything I need of it . I intentionally purchase this model garmin for its simplisity and that exactly what I have get . no super flash add-on , it do exactly what I want it to do and that be ; log my run , provide my pace , and provide the distance I have run - easy . very simple to use and so far I have have no problem with the ` clamp ' connection for charge and pc download . yes it can be a bit fiddely but be not difficult . all in all fantastic and I wish I have purchase one much earlier in my run life .
GPS	POS	5	I be the owner of several Garmin product and they never disapoint I . buy through Amazon be a pleasure .
GPS	POS	5	great product and quick delivery !! give as a present and they love it . Planning a long trip soon and ready to put to good use .
GPS	NEU	3	this be my third Garmin Forerunner . the first two , 201 and 301 be very similar to the 305 , so I really do not review any of the instruction for this device . my biggest complaint with this be that I do not feel it be make for a woman . the 305 have a watch like strap , with notch that secure the Forerunner to the wrist . I have to wear it on the second to tightest notch to keep it secure and because of the design , it dig right into my wristbone . I have now turn the Forerunner to the inside of my wrist to alleviate the pain , which have cause I to accidentially knock the `` stop '' or `` lap '' button in the middle of a run -lrb- more detail on that -rrb- . the 201 and 301 forerunner be large as well , but due to they rectangular shape and velcro strap , they never cause any discomfort to I . the button on the 305 I have mix feeling on . as for the five side button , they be just as I have have in the past , which be very difficult to push -lrb- I feel like I have to push hard to get a reaction -rrb- . the two on the face , while convenient and very easy to push , they be also a bit sensitive , so as I mention ealier , I have accidently bump these and stop or start the timer . the heart rate strap again I feel be make for a man . I have it on the most secure setting , and if it be not for the fact that it be under the band of my sport bra , I do not know that it would stay in place . I do like that it do read my heat rate immediately -lrb- the 301 would not pick up a rhr -rrb- , but the sensor MUST be very wet before you apply it to you skin , or it will never pick up a hr , even if you be sweating . the display can be adjust for what information you want to see . however , the heart rate , if not one of you setting , will appear in the top right corner at about a font size of two . good luck reading that ! the training program that the datum be download to be the same as the other Forerunners , just a bit more update . what I like be that it continue my information from the old program , but now display a `` rating for you cadence '' -lrb- walk , fast walk , slow jog , fast jog , etc. -rrb- Pretty much you can keep yor entire workout history on you pc or laptop .
GPS	NEG	1	the device break down in 8 month . it take a 30 min wait time with Garmin customer service , and the representative tell I that in this situation there be nothing they can do . I have to ship the device back with my own expense and they offer I a `` refurbish '' device with 3 month warranty on it . I do not know what be the future of this refurbish device , but I be not so confident . also if something go wrong , the charge to fix a issue be $ 110 + ~ $ 10 for shipping . wonderful ! $ 120 to fix a $ 149 device . this be what happen when there be no competition in the market . I hope someone rise to stop this .
GPS	POS	4	I like the 76 that I buy several year ago so much that I want another in the same series when I upgrade . this be so much quicker , and it have so many new feature , especially greatly increase memory , and it cost considerably less than the 76S . the one thing I have find lack be that the tide feature the 76 have only come with another $ 120 + of marine software for the 76CSX . we live near salt water and it add to the usefulness when we be camp if we know what the tide be do . be there anyway I can download this into my new GPS ?
GPS	POS	5	have use the camera a few week and be impressed . take sharp and clear picture top side and work well down at 33 ' underwater . the GPS feature be amazing . Money well spend on a carry everywhere camera . Walt
GPS	POS	5	I expect to spend a entire evening with a manual when this pocket-sized gp arrive at my door . I be out the door and use it in minute . so simple even I can do it .
GPS	POS	5	purchase this when i break my wrist and have to start run to keep in shape . i hate running , but this watch really give I inspiration to go put some mile on my foot . i like know how far i have run , and what my pace be . the real fun start when i go home and download my workout onto my computer . so much information to cull over . highly recommend if you walk\/run or even bike .
GPS	NEU	3	I really love the concept and the feature , but it be very inaccurate when run near tree or in the city . I also have the Timex oem with the big arm strap Garmin GPS receiver and it be by far a better receiver and interpolate between low gp signal spot accuratley , but I have to wear 4 thing on my body to get same functionality and no download of datum . I find my self use the Timex anyway because it be more reliable . the 301 do not interpolate between point . the heart rate monitor frequently lose or have false high value , but not too bad . the description for the ForeRunner 305 say it have better reception , have anyone experience it or see a comparison ? be there a way to demo one to see if it work any better .
GPS	NEU	3	I be happy overall with the product . pro : Easy to use . con : Garmin advertise City Xplorer software for certain city on they website . this software show all available transit type for that city and the route . they do say not all city have this information . from Amazon.com `` include advanced navigation feature to take the worry out of travel , include cityxplorer pedestrian map '' . I order City Xplorer for Houston from the Garmin website . there be no disclaimer list for that city . I could not find any bus route . I call they help line which be very polite and willing to help I . it end up that the person help I have to call 3 different place within the company to get a answer for I . there be only 3 city that include bus information . they be all in Europe . they refund my money without my have to ask for it . it do show the closest bus stop to you location but if you do not know you way around the city this be not helpful . it do show the Metrorail . this feature be why I choose this particular brand and model .
GPS	NEG	1	I have buy hundred of amazon product and this be my first negative review . after about a week of use one of the side no longer adjust , there be a button you push to release it -lrb- so you can adjust the width of the holder -rrb- and after hit that the left side will no longer catch at any tighter position . I personally consider the review for most of the product I have buy on amazon , which be why i be fill this out .
GPS	POS	4	we purchase this unit for visit in Texas on about 6\/1\/06 . it have the Version 8 map with the matte screen . overall , we be very satisfied but it be not perfect . we have to send the first sample we purchase back due to a dead pixel -lrb- I be not shell out $ 600 for a flawed product -rrb- . the second model arrive flawless . since then we have make the follow observation . pro - talk to you with the street name , save have to look at the screen as often . how much be you safety worth ? - attractive form factor , small enough but yet large enough - good battery life - save gas and time , and reduce get lose , even around you own town . - display , we be pleased with the daylight and nightime performance . con : - seem pricy for what you get - Startup time -lrb- acquire satelite -rrb- seem excessive on a fresh power up . - dozen of road in the internal map software be not accurate cause much confusion when drive . this be a software map issue , not a hardware issue . map be not accurate .
GPS	POS	5	this unit be awesome . Easy to use and better than anything else out there . if you need to buy a GPS unit , get this one .
GPS	NEG	1	I receive one of these for christmas . the Item turn on perfectly , but that about all it do perfectly . it give I `` map not find '' right out of the box . I contact Magellans pathetic customer support . when they finally reply , they tell I I be basically out of luck , that they dont service this model anymore , and I could send it back and purchase a different model at a resonable rate !!! Cripes !! I get the stupid piece of junk for Christmas , why in the heck would I want to spend money on another one of they item when this one do not even work out of the box . the bottom line be , I get a new paperweight for christmas . this item could be fix with a service update and they know it . do yourself a favor , do not purchase anything from Magellan . customer support be terrible . product support be non-existant . always remember ... get a. . get a. . get a GARMIN !!!
GPS	NEU	3	this be revolutionary 3-4 year ago , but with new handheld device like the iPhone , etc show how a handheld interface should work , this begin to feel ancient . + Great reception + rugged -lrb- get a screen protector -rrb- + reliable - hard to remove memory card , which make the next negative even worse . - for the US Topo Mapsource CD set , you can only can transfer 2026 of the 7000 US map segment per memory card . this mean you can not simply load the entire US -lrb- 7000 segment -rrb- on a memory card . you need 3 512mb memory card . - the Mapsource datum be OLD . the 2003 Mapsource Topo CD set be miss street that be 20 year old in southern St Louis . the new 2008 Mapsource dvd be miss street that be 15 year old . Google\/Yahoo\/MapQuest find these street easily . do not surprise if the forest you be hike thru lead to a undocumented megamall . - Poor UI for drive direction , etc. . this be a hike boat device , DO NOT buy for exclusive use with you car . - searching for pous be very difficult . - map management be terrible . if you have multiple map , good luck figure out how to change the map in use . a example , if you install City Navigator , you topo will disappear bc the City Navigator cover the topo map . you have to turn off City Navigator , but it be bury deep in the menu system . - worst design bike attachment mechanism ever . it be too small for almost all handlebars . : -lrb- overall , I love it for hike , find it occasionally useful for biking -lrb- preven I from get lose -rrb- , and dislike it for car use , city exploration . Google Maps on a iPhone or Windows Mobile be much better .
GPS	NEG	2	I have a Garmin nuvi 255w , work fantastic , but it have a 4.3 '' screen and I have end up in the wrong lane several time on big interchange so the TOMTOM with the 5.0 '' screen and advance lane guidance sound really good and as the deal of the day for $ 89 how could you go wrong . unfortunately TOMTOM show I no love . I 'll just bullet point the issue here , there be no positive for I as after over 4 hour of tech support and try I still have not get no further then plug it into my computer . note : before I even start the menu on this thing be about as unintuitive as it get , it be like try to program 80 `` s VCR . on the Garmin I be never confuse even once . - my nearly 5 year old street with a dozen house on it show up as a field . what good be a gp that do not know where you be at ? do not think that because you address be on the map that you be cover because if where you be go be not on the map you can not use the gp to tell you how to get there . - ok so I go get my free latest map update . 2 hour later I have finally load all the SW need to get the map , register with TOMTOM get TOMTOM Home and have download my free map . no luck I still live in a field . - send TOMTOM tech support mail . 3 day later I get a long mail on resit my device -lrb- wipe all you add datum -rrb- delete a bunch of sw from it change file name on my computer etc etc. and the reload everything from the web . 1 hour later , nope still live in a field . but my TOMTOM now have all kind of update sw that it never say be down rev before , hum ? - ok call support . sorry we use a different map service then Garmin and you be not on we map . what you can do be use we really cool map share service and send in a map correction that once we verify will be give to all map share user . Hum , do they use cheaper older map and then hope that they user fill in the gap ? hum ... . . - ok it be 5.0 '' screen and advance lane guidance for $ 89 so I 'll give this map share correction thing a try . wait , how the hell do the menu on this thing work . 30min later I have finally get the correction add to the device , now I have to plug it into my computer and upload it to TOMTOM . - the final straw ; try to upload my street correction to TOMTOM and TOMTOM Home no longer work ! check the website and what do they recommend , reset you device , wipe out you file , and remove TOMTOM home from you computer and start over from square one ! that be it , the honeymoon be over I file for divorce and be return it to Amazon . that be my TOMTOM story hope it help you when decide . PS when return stuff to Amazon they now have UPS pick it up at you door and they bring the shipping label too ! Amazon just get better and better !
GPS	POS	5	I have a TomTom one xl that I lose and then I purchase this one . the interface be identical which be great , but the device be far superior . I have find the traffic feature to be very helful , the lane assist be great and the road it choose be much better than the one xl . the only bad thing be the mount . I buy a arkon ttep115 TomTom EasyPort Windshield \/ Dash Mount and the combination work well for I .
GPS	POS	4	I finally replace my old heart rate monitor with this gp device . I like it a lot as it show I the vitals that I need to keep on push further . I have not explore all the feature but I be happy with the basic that it provide I so far .
GPS	POS	5	this product do everything be be design to do . I put my garmin in it or i put my phone in it . con . . do fog up a bit -lrb- condensation inside in drissly or cold weather -rrb- . I will buy another for my wife 's motorcycle and will probabley buy two more for we bicycle !
GPS	POS	4	if you need a gp but doesnt wanna shell out that much , well , this be the one to buy . apart from the fact that it be affordable , it be very compact too .
GPS	POS	5	I use my new Garmin Nuvi 1450 a few day after I receive it on a trip from New York State to North Carolina . the screen be bright , clear and easy to use . love the voice direction that actually tell you the road or street name as you be ready to turn onto it . I would recomend it to anyone that drive .
GPS	POS	5	I be cetainly happy with the c340 . however , I find use the suction cup offer I some difficulty in area of crime -lrb- they want to steal it -rrb- . sooo ! I fork out some dough for the dashboard weighted mount , which be easier to dismount and stuff in you notebook case , case solve ! . seriously , this gp be wonderful , and if you make a wrong turn , it will give a correct head , to get you home or another destination ...
GPS	POS	5	I have be use a older Garmin GPS in my car for some time . it be not a street pilot , it be a Garmin III . I buy the TomTom go 300 and can not believe how good it be . the ttg 300 include everything you need : detailed map of the usa on the 1 gb sd card with those map and additional map on cd . it have mount hardware , power cord , etc. but you probably know all that . I be impressed with how well it pick up the satellite signal . my Garmin would never pick up a signal inside the house , and it would often not find one on a cloudy day . the ttg work fine in both case . the voice be clear and loud -lrb- adjustable -rrb- and you can have it give you a new instruction at any time . it will navigate to a address , a nearby `` point of interest '' -lrb- bank , airport , park , hotel ... -rrb- . and it will find alternate route if you hit a roadblock or just do not like the suggest route . you can tell it to build route that be fastest , shortest , for biking or walking . you can avoid toll or not . I really like the choice . I think the screen be easy to see and the screen update be plenty fast . so far the map datum have be fairly accurate . around my home town I notice that some road that be 3 year old be miss , but I would expect that . the TTG will show you on the road even if the map datum be a little off . in other word , it will snap you position to the map road even if you drive off it a little . but if you go far enough off a road , it will show you exactly where you be -lrb- in the middle of field or whatever -rrb- . the menu be very easy to use . much easier than I expect . you use the touchscreen to pick a city , street , address , and you be off . it do have the 3-d view of the map which be similar to the view out you window , but I still prefer the typical 2-d map view . you can see more street that way . the point of interest database have lot of place . I do not know the exact number of category but I would estimate there be at least 25 category -lrb- bank , airport , rental car , amusement park , gas , theater , courthouse , police , hospital , doctor , dentist , border crossing , zoo , etc. -rrb- and you can create you own category and add place . I do not find a list of ATM 's , however , and this would have be useful . you can also view the satellite signal strength , battery life , and actual Lat\/Long . I wish you could enter a Lat\/Long as a destination , but alas , you can not . as other people have say , it be very difficult to see in bright sun . at time , I have to reposition it to reduce glare , but this inconvenience would not stop I from buy it again . I have not use the bluetooth feature and can not really see myself pay for the subscription feature . overall , it be a very powerful navigator . it come on when I start the car and go off when the car stop -lrb- because the cigarette lighter go off -rrb- . it be very easy to use and very easy to follow . I actually want to take more trip now just to let the ttg figure out the best way to get there . and now my friend all want one . I see Garmin now have a similar model , which I have not try . but I would still buy the ttg again if I be shop for one . Update 4 month later ... I still like the unit and its function , but as other have say , the map datum and route be disappointing at time . it always get I where I want , but half the time it seem to take I the longer way . it seem to be reluctant to put I on a freeway for short trip , even when it be faster . and I have not really compare this to another brand , except for the system in the the Audi a4 , which do seem to do a better job : even know what side of the street you destination be on . but that be not a after-market system . so if I be shop for a after-market system today , I would most likely still buy the Tom Tom for the feature , but I would take a close look at the route be suggest while drive .
GPS	POS	4	I purchase this to use with a Zumo 660 . I think I have order a solid composit unit . MY FAULT . however I like the space saving for storage . I have not riden on a cloudless day since install . seem to be effective . will have to see how velcro attachment hold up at highway speed .
GPS	POS	4	we Gamin Nuvi GPS seem like a slightly imperfect but quite wonderful personal angel up in the satelite look out for we . the instruction for set up be easy to understand and follow , e , g , change mile to kilometer , change time from CST to EST. . the actual plot of a route be amazing and probably accurate . because of ` local ' knowledge , we ` disobey ' twice to take a short cut , and the instrument very patiently recalibrate its direction . so far its be just fun .
GPS	POS	4	you can not tell this be not a brand new unit . it even have the warranty . it keep a lock even in deep wood . the map be a big help but would not be necessary if people would give parking co-ordinate ! my only complaint about this unit be that the sp card fall out when I change battery .
GPS	POS	5	opt to not go with the 305 because I just do not see myself actually wear the heart rate strap -lrb- comfort thing -rrb- . have worn this on many run include the Zeitgeist half Marathon in November - so far it have work flawlessly . very happy with this product .
GPS	NEG	1	I agree , this be a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the GPS unit over a few little bump . I expect more from Garmin . consider this : Touratech Mount for Garmin 60C series . its a solid unit . it cost a little more but you will not be replace you gp unit due to it fall to the ground .
GPS	NEG	2	use rechargeable aaa battery , with the Battery Saver feature turn on , about two hour . sometimes I get more use alkaline , but not much more . honestly , this unit be worthless , because I can not trust the battery . Order a Garmin Etrex Legend instead . it be not much more expensive , larger or heavier , and it include a base map of road , town , and shoreline . the Legend come with a cable to transfer datum from you computer . the Legend 's screen be a bit larger , but show much more detail . and - the battery last hour and hour .
GPS	POS	5	I be hesitant to purchase the Garmin 205 as it look bulky . I prefer the 405 , however , be hesitant to spend that amount of money when the review be not absolutely rave about it . anyway , I receive the 205 and start use it the follow day . I absolutely love it ! I do not notice the bulkiness when I be run and it be easy to move between screen . I be primarily use it for interval work and it be great . I want to customize some of the workout and have not quite get that figure out yet , but I think I just need to re-read the instruction . Money well spend and I would definitely buy it again . I be no longer think about the 405 as I be very happy with the 205 .
GPS	POS	4	I have BEEN USING the STREETPILOT 7200 for over a month now and COULD NOT be happier . the ONLY thing I would like to see THEM CHANGE be the ac power cord , it be attached to the unit . HOWEVEER IT 's no BIG DEAL . it do EVERYTHING THEY say it would and even more than I expect . once you have used this , you will never leave HOME WITHOUT IT . the GREATEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD . the screen be LARGE and EASY to READ and USE . if you be serious about a gp . this one be a no breainer .
GPS	NEG	1	im very confused by this product . I first charge it for 24 hr , per instruction . then plug it into my ipad . I do download the app that it suggest . but what can you do ? altitude , speed , the Compass be a little off , ... im just scratch my head try to think what can this do . so last week I have go on a road trip . while sit in the back seat , I plug the GPS into my ipad , and I say to myself , let I see if map work . sure , it work with map , but you have to make sure you have a map that be displayable because once you turn wifus off , you on you own . solution : if this gp work with a pre map program , then this would be 100 % worth it . im still scratch my head ... what to do with it ? its currently sit on my night stand . overall , not recommend consider there be no pre load map for this gp to go by . any feedback on what to use this device with would be greatly apprecait .
GPS	POS	5	I own a old 3.5-inch Garmin StreetPilot c340 for a few year . it be a good small machine , and still work , but it be screen be small , and the body be very thick . it be time to buy another thin and big screen Garmin , so I get a 5 '' Nuvi 1490-MLT . it have a huge screen , and thin body just what I have be look for . I have this gp for a few month already , but do not really test it yet . it be work just fine like my old pilot so far . the 1490 t model price have drop significantly , but 1490-LMT model be still expense .
GPS	POS	5	I have have my forerunner 305 for over a year and it be my favorite piece of run equipment . I stay on track with it and I use sporttrack and sync my workout to facebook which make I more accountable . if you be think about get one I would highly recommend it . I have hear some negative thing about other model but mine be still go strong after hundred of workout . it hold up well in the rain and the heart rate strap have last 10x as long as the reebok monitor I have before .
GPS	POS	4	I like this datum logger - it have a very solid feel to it , and the connectivity option be good . it do exactly what I buy it for .
GPS	POS	5	this 5 '' nuvus be the best I have have so far . the standard Garmin ease of operation along with the increase size make it a perfect aid in travel and navigation . the add Traffic Update feature be very helpful miss the backup around Atlanta 2 week ago while come home from Tampa . I will not travel without it !
GPS	POS	5	we origionally purchase a garmin 205 on sale for $ 199 plus tax . then , my sister tell I she just buy a garmin 350 for $ 248 online . I go to google shopping and find it brand new for $ 199 . I return the one I buy , and order it with the free shipping . I get a way better product cheaper . the main reason I want this particular one be for the vocal street name feature . the 205 do not say street name out loud . we travel a lot , so hear the street name really help when the place be unfamiliar . we origionally buy it for travel , but one day i have a bunch of errand I have to do in a part of town I be not familiar with . if I have to use my own sense of direction , I would have waste a lot of time and gas !! but , I have the neat idea of plug all of my via point in the order I want to go to they , and it map out a simple route I would have never think of . thanks garmin ! -lrb- on a side note , it also help I see if I 'll be late for work with the estimate arrival time feature that be constantly update . -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this be my 2nd gp for my Windows Mobile -lrb- Pocket PC -rrb- device over the last couple of year and the Tom Tom Nav 5 be by far the easiest to use and work . signal work great even in my pants pocket . I have a TeleType GPS before and it be difficult to use and understand . the only negative I can say about the Tom Tom 5 be I wish they would have Topo map for hike by they do not .
GPS	POS	4	easy to use right of the box . Street detour be a bit of a challage and have a strange voice speak direction to you while you be drive take a bit of get use to . all in all , the StreetPilot be a great value .
GPS	POS	5	I delay buy the 305 because I really want a gp watch that could report cadence . I consider the Polar rs800g3 , but it be more than twice the price and not as easy to use . I consider wait for the Forerunner 405 , but I be start a new season and do not want to change run log mid-season . so , I buy the 305 for less than $ 220 and add the foot pod -lrb- $ 80 -rrb- a week later . I plan on use the foot pod for indoor workout . my first run with it be on the treadmill . although the distance report differ slightly , it be fairly close without calibration . when I download the datum to my computer , I be surprise that it have record cadence ! but I pessimistically assume that it would not work when the gp be in use . my next run be outdoors , and to my surprise the 305 record cadence and gp distance at the same time ! I be even able to change the display to show cadence during my run . that be how easy it be to configure ! this watch greatly exceed my expectation ! I strongly recommend it for any serious endurance athlete !
GPS	POS	4	I love this product with the exception of low resolution screen and why on earth be the keyboard abcdefg ... instead of qwerty ? this be very strange and uncomfortable . this be a blunder by Garmin which I hope will be correct . the screen size be awesome and the response time be fast except in cloudy weather and downtown around tall building . UPDATE : Garmin issue a update with the qwerty keyboard option . AWSOME ! I have have some delay find satellite even on clear day so my rating stay at 4 star .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase the TomTom XXL when it be a Lightning Deal , so I make the mistake of order quickly instead of take time to read all the review . I admit , I get suck in by the low price . well , you get what you pay for . the unit be deliver , the instruction say to just plug it into you computer and tomtomhome will start automatically . I plug in the usb cable and my computer recognize the GPS as a external drive , but that be it . nothing happen . I find the file and install manually , and tomtomhome start up . it immediately want to update the software and map , which be exactly why I would plug it in , so I tell it to go ahead . the software update , but I get a error say that there be not enough space for the map update . so I copy the old map to my computer -lrb- which the software be obviously design to do -rrb- and then install the new map . everything seem to be fine , except that it take literally \* hour \* to install the new map even with my high speed connection . everything seem fine , so I eject the unit , shut down the software , and turn on the unit . no map find . that be it , just a white screen that say `` no map find . '' so I plug it back in and try to find the problem HOME say my map need to be activate . okay , so I click activate and enter my promotion code . I get a little green check mark say that I have enter the correct code . I click the button , and I get a xml error . I try at least a dozen time , no luck , xml error . the error message actually say that my code be correct , but they can not activate my map . I go hunting around online for a solution and discover that this have be a ongoing issue since at least 2004 , and TomTom apparently see no reason why they should fix the problem \* or \* stop advertise that they product be Mac compatible when they clearly be not . I pack it back up in the box and print out a return authorization . my new Garmin Nuvi should be deliver tomorrow . I 'll never buy another TomTom product .
GPS	NEG	1	I have use Garmin for year and like it . so when it come time to buy another GPS , I want to go with Garmin . so on Christmas day -lrb- when I get it -rrb- , you could not even use it until you `` register '' it on Garmin.com . yet of course that web site be totally screw up . it be not just mind-bogglingly slow , but then it keep time out when you finally do get through . I like the fact that when I request my username it send it to I at my email address , but when I request my password , it say that it do have my email address . Huh ? you just send a message to it ! totally nut . and then it do not come with a wall charger , but then when you try to download thing , it have to be charge ! so you have to take it out to the car and let the car run for a while as the unit charge , then bring it back in and try again to get software download to it . nice . then I buy the unit that show mileage , etc. , and you plug it into the OBD II port . yet they do not even tell you be the OBD II port be on you car ! Crazy . I think that if you be go to sell product , you should support it . I be disgusted . if I can not get this stupid thing work shortly I be return it .
GPS	POS	4	I really like the garmin that I purchase . Everything work wonderfully , even the voice that I choose for it to speak to I in , but it take a little time to get use to the english accent . what be keep it from be perfect be the map be not the most up to date . if you be travel in a established area then it be flawless but if you be in a area that have have a lot of construction recently then it can not find anything because the map be outdate . be cautious of this in you purchase of a gp .
GPS	NEU	3	in term of gp functionality -- this unit work fine . it have a pretty good display , navigation work well , etc. . however , I have to return this unit becuase you can not store address as `` favorite '' like many other gp unit -lrb- include my older nextar c3 -rrb- . you can store `` home '' and `` work '' - that be it . -lrb- and while these two ` favorite ' can be rename -- two just do not cut it for I -rrb- . also , while you can review and retrieve a address from a `` history '' of recently-travelled destination , these will scroll off eventually and then those address have to be re-enter . too bad -- a really important feature that be leave out , and a deal-killer for I . Wish I have know beforehand . if that do not bother you -- then I do actually still recommend this gp -- the price be sure right .
GPS	NEU	3	I love everything about this unit , except that on a cloudy day or when near tree it take way too long to lock onto satellite . often , I be to my destination while it be still hunting . this be my second Garmin . the first , a i-5 , be the same way . the factory nav system in we other car never have problem find itself like the garmin do .
GPS	NEU	3	this be a great look case at a great price . I buy this case for my Garmin Nuvi 3790T . it be a simple case with one pocket . the stitch look good and the leather or `` pleather '' do not look cheap . my only gripe be that the width of this case be too big to hold my gp securely . if I hang the case upside down , the GPS will fall right out . the elastic band on the side of the case be not tight enough to `` bite '' the GPS in place .
GPS	NEG	1	let I begin by say that as a straight up GPS , this unit work fine . I have own it for just over 6 month and it get I from point a to point b flawlessly . the problem be that I upgrade to this unit from a older Garmin GPS specifically for it be traffic feature . since the day i purchase this unit , it have \* never \* -lrb- and I mean this literally -rrb- alert I to traffic in any way that help I to avoid traffic , and I live in a suburb just outside of NYC where traffic and alternate route abound . every once in a while it will alert I to `` traffic ahead '' as I be drive into traffic , and have already pass the turn I could have make to avoid it . and I be talk about major highway , not just backroad block up by a car accident . what be perplexing about this be that clearly the technology exist to detect traffic real-time . Google map do a very good job with this . why Garmin have not be able to incorporate this adequately into they product be a mystery . so essentially , I through away money on a second gp . bottom line : save you money and buy the cheaper non-traffic update model .
GPS	POS	5	excellent product , do everything it be advertise to do . I especially like the 3d view , much more followable -lrb- if that be a word ! -rrb- . it be very easy to use for those who be novice to the gp mapping world . the only drawback for I be that it be not waterproof and I intend to use it on a motorcycle . hence I have to trade it in for a more rugged model . but for those who do not intend to use it in the rain , by all means this be the product for you .
GPS	POS	4	First off , allow I to provide some context to this review . I buy this to replace a Garmin 660 that be steal -lrb- at least I get the valet company to reimburse I -rrb- . in addition to the 660 , I have also use integrated nav system in a Honda and BMW . they provide I with the comparison reference point . another point of reference be that I use the 2460 in a small convertible , and the roof be down unless it be really rain -lrb- which be rare in S. California -rrb- . what I like : - I be surprise by the voice recognition . you do not need to press a button to activate it ; you give the garmin a activation phrase and it continuously listen for that phrase . this end up be far more useful that I expect when I buy the unit - I think I would never use it , when in fact I always use it . it do struggle with noise if I try to use it at highway speed with the roof and window down . it be acceptable if I have the roof down and the window up at highway speed . -lrb- acceptable : I end up need to repeat myself often , but eventually get what I need without need to take my hand off the steer column -rrb- . since most people will have a better controlled noise environment , this feature most likely will work great for they . - the traffic route be much better than on the old 660 . - the unit detect pattern and provide ETA information , with out turn by turn prompt . this be great for the day when traffic decide to back up on you commute - Lane assist , this be now a must have feature for any future nav system I consider . what I wish they have think of : - allow I to request the ETA information without the turn by turn . often I know where I be go but I want the ETA and the traffic advisory , but do not want the turn by turn . what they really mess up : - I can not voice search for destination along my route -lrb- or at my destination -rrb- . when on a long road trip I occasionally will need to search for a gas station , restaurant , etc. . I do not know why they ditch the search option , but have to sift through all the hit that be behind I or way off the beaten path be unacceptable . especially since I tend to use this feature when I be not familiar with the route and I end up need to pull over to manually set the along route search option . - the screen be almost illegible when I be wear my polarize -lrb- not sure if this be the issue -rrb- sun glass and it be in direct sunlight . -lrb- hint , I always have the roof down and I be in S. California - this be often enough to make I miss the 660 screen -rrb- . I end up turn the screen such that it be point down and away from I , and sometimes just resort to take my glass off when look at it . -lrb- edit : correct comment about search along current route - thanks for the info Preston -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I be surprise at how easy it be to order this item . the Garmin Nuvi windshield mount be very inexpensive and arrive at my home very quickly . I have attach my Garmin to the windshield with no problem . I be quite pleased .
GPS	NEG	1	although never mention in the product description , Garmin GPS unit in this general category be NOT Mac compatible . they work only with Windows . for such a well-known brand , this be surprising and extremely inconvenient . the ramification of this be that the gp work fine in the field , but waypoint transfer and map must be do on a pc platform . do not have a pc ? you be out of luck . something I wish I have know before spend several hundred dollar on the receiver .
GPS	POS	4	I try the Garmin 2360lmt once I receive it from Amazon for three week continuous travel and I find it good and accurate , but I leave it hang in the dashboard for about two hour in the sun this make it dead for two day until it cool down . then I learn to store it in the shade now it be work good
GPS	POS	5	I be impressed and relieved know there be a 2yr warranty on this Garmin GPS watch I purchase . at least if something go wrong it can be take care of and I receive the papers in the mail shortly after purchase the Garmin watch .
GPS	POS	4	great gp - Garmin be the only way to go . this be newest model and upgrade from we 2 yr old one . have to make cross-country trip with 86 yr old mom . Interstate be close and it route be around it safely - great technology !
GPS	POS	5	I really think this be a great product . I use it to power my Nobletec navigation software on my boat and it work faster and better than handheld GPS 's that I have pay hundred of dollar for . the software that come with it be also very easy to use .
GPS	POS	5	I have have a  Garmin nuvi 255W 4.3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator  however , the power cable that come with the unit from the factory in the last few week before I get this amazonbasic model have be act weird . the old power supply do not work right 100 % of the time , that could be from a couple of year of in\/out - in\/out in the power adapter slot . anyways , the timing of this AmazonBasics unit be fortuitous . I pick one of these amazonbasic power cord up , and it work perfectly . this be one of those device where it be hard to do a `` big '' review , because it either work or it do not . this work . a few cosmetic difference between this and the factory model be all I can talk about , really . 1 -rrb- the AmazonBasics unit have a smaller cord than the factory unit . inside a car , this should be a non issue , but it do have a somewhat smaller cord . 2 -rrb- the blue power light on the AmazonBasics unit be MUCH brighter than the red light that be on my factory unit . these be both very minor nit , the thing work great , and if you need one of these for you Nuvi , I would say go for it .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this product and receive it in Brazil perfectly . everything ok . it take about 30 day to be in Brazil , but arrive in perfect condition . in the end , it do not fit in my Garmin GPS , but this be a risk I run . the product be exactly how be describe . I recommend it .
GPS	NEU	3	I find the learning curve quite high for the unit and the MapCreate software . there be also unnecessary restriction , such as a limit on how many sd card you can format and a requirement to have a software disk in the CD drive before you can work with the software , and a requirement that you must use a LEI sd reader to format a sd card . result be a lot of unhappy buyer .
GPS	POS	5	I have a old Street pilot . I buy a new car and be unable to find my old dashboard mount . in my last vehicle I use a purchase bean bag mount and lose the dashboard mount that originally come with my Street pilot . so , I be a little hesitant to order this dashboard mount . I be quite pleased to find it be exactly what I need and even come with mount instruction -lrb- which I also lose with the old one -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	do a great job protect my Garmin Nuvi . it be compact size make it a perfect addition to any glovebox or purse .
GPS	NEG	2	i be disappointed , only larger screen and low price attract to buy , and of course exist brand name . signal strength poor , it take nearly one minute or more to get signal and occasionally lose singal in between . color scheme be also poor apart from four choice it also do not tell that you destination be on right side or left side . everytime fall from mount clip board . honestly i do not recommend .
GPS	NEG	1	do not waste you time and money . my unit will not even turn on . it be 14 month old and have be nothing but trouble ,
GPS	POS	5	Garmin have really do it with this receiver . they basically take the accuracy of the gpsmap60cx and the waypoint \/ geocache manager software from the Oregon series and put it in one unit . the accuracy be excellent even under heavy canopy and the interface be extremely user friendly . all of the additional mapping feature -lrb- custom map -rrb- be just the icing on the cake .
GPS	POS	5	my husband and I just buy a Pontoon Boat for fishing and pleasure . we both enjoy fishing so we want to get some good equipment to go along with the boat and this unit be highly recommend . it may even be more than we need right now because it be `` load '' with all kind of good thing . the graphic be easy to read and clear . the depth finder with alarm be very helpful . even when the sun be shine on the screen , it be clear and easy to read . the sonar give a real wide angle of what be below we and in great detail . this unit have more map than we will ever use , but it be good to know they be there should we decide to hit some other fishing area . we boat dealer be kind enough to instll this unit on the boat for we and the hookup they use move it in all different direction and allow we to remove it easily before trailer the boaot home and pop it on when we be ready to hit the water . I do not see how anyone could be disappoint with this unit . my husband , who be not a `` Techie '' -lrb- have problem run a computer -rrb- have learn very quickly how to operate this unit . we love it . we highly recommend it . when I have a couple of question , support from Humminbird be excellent too !
GPS	POS	4	my plan be to only use this gp unit when I be chart out new course , but I be find myself always strap it on now ! it be less cumbersome than I expect and work very well . out of about 20 run , it lose contact with the satellite once for about one mile - otherwise it have be faultless . it take about 3-4 minute to initiate contact when turn on and you need to leave it someplace still while it be find the satellite .
GPS	POS	5	I get this as a gift for my girlfriend who be old GPS die . this one update on the computer and after that it be ready to go . it give live traffic and good suggestion as to different route to take if the traffic get too heavy . I like the feature of how long to reach you destination , and the map cover all area that some of my other gp device do not .
GPS	POS	4	we love we Garmin . the only problem we have with it be sometimes it say , arrive at a address on the right and it be on the left . one address be three house from the address we program in .
GPS	NEU	3	this be a good price for gp with unlimited map and traffic but other website also much cheaper now from Amazon , I see $ 95 at newegg . anyway as for the review ... mmh not that accurate compare to my old gp 660 ! it already miss twice since my usage : -lrb- miss it when go to twin peak , sf we be just in the foot of the hill ! then when go home it ask I to go to Central express than to 101 S. so weird ! beware ! just buy the higher model ...
GPS	POS	5	Great GPS basic for training . the heart band will not work well if you battery be low , but that be understandable ... just be sure you charge you Garmin before you go training .
GPS	POS	4	I install this gp in my car and use it daily . GPS 's have come a long way in the past couple of year . this unit have a rapid acquisition time and very good monochrome display . I drive through rural area and as long as you load the detailed map for that region , the GPS will do a great job of select a route and finding just about any address . it do well in the dense city too . if you use the gp at night , you really need to use the car 's power instead of battery . you can do this by hardwire the unit into the car or use the supply cigarette lighter adapter . it be difficult to see the display in the evening and at night without the background light . the refresh rate of the unit be acceptable , just barely though . once you give the unit a destination , it do a wonderful job beeping and give you ample warning that a turn be come up . in future generation of this unit , it need more RAM , larger display , and faster processor . but , I find it a great navigation tool and doubt that I will get lose use it .
GPS	POS	4	I purchase the Garmin 205 to replace a run watch of the variety that include a `` foot pod '' send datum to my watch . the Garmin watch have prove to be significantly more accurate in its measurement of distance . furthermore , I have not have any problem whatsoever with maintain a gp signal while run on overcast day or through area of dense foliage . the watch pick up a signal quick enough when I first turn it on -lrb- usually allow I time to stretch a bit while wait -rrb- . recharge the watch be very easy and much more affordable than the special battery I need to purchase for both my old watch and its foot pod . another big plus in use this watch compare to my old watch be that this watch can be use for biking as well . the only downside to this watch compare to my old system be have to connect the watch via usb to the computer to upload datum -lrb- the other watch send datum without any kind of physical connector -rrb- . overall , I be very pleased with this purchase and would definitley recommend it to other runner .
GPS	POS	4	I just buy the watch and I love it . there be lot of good review here , but this external review be the most helpful to I . it be the gold standard . also , check out he review of the 405 for a point of comparison . -lrb- ... -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this be a well-made case of good quality and it fit my gp nicely . if I could improve it just a smidge , I would call for a back-stitch or glue point on the stitch so that there would be no unraveling .
GPS	POS	5	Easy to work with , the `` free update map '' download as expect , it take 1 hour but go without a glitch .
GPS	POS	5	Garmin nuvi 350 3.5-inch portable GPS Navigator  it have some nice extra , like a audio book reader , a photo viewer -lrb- do not use -rrb- , & a mp3 player -lrb- have not use yet -rrb- . but the basic mapping and trip planning be accurate , easy to follow , easy to program , with clear graphic . I have have it cut out briefly in isolate mountain area , but that be unavoidable -- it last a lot longer than my cell phone ! I highly recommend Garmin , and the nuvus 350 in particular .
GPS	POS	5	I love the nuvus 350 ! I like this gp because it actually say street name . . not just `` turn leave '' . Garmin be rate highly by consumer report as well . I also like how you can make you own pous file and import . I just buy my mom one for mother 's day too : -rrb-
GPS	NEG	1	the system overheate the first 5 hour that I have it and shut down . activate the fmtraffic be a pain and the instruction be terrible . get you lifetime map be a pain as well . I will buy a compete product the next time as I give up on Garmin as I have have two other GPS 's from they fail over the past 4 year .
GPS	POS	4	the product be quite adequate and function well . do not believe they suggestion to buy a 256mb sd card however , unless you be satisfy with 2 or 3 state coverage . I get the 1.0 gb sd card and it give I detail access to over 2\/3 of the lower 48 state . I find a quirk while be instruct to enter a south bind highway from the east . it instruct I to go over the highway and make a `` hard leave '' -lrb- a illegal turn -rrb- , rather than make the right onto the cloverleaf entrance . be careful . -- the internal antenna work quite well but the placement , in my vehicle , require the use of a external antenna . DO NOT buy the Magellan External Antenna . when the weather get even slightly warm , the antenna set off a continue false alarm on my Cobra Radar Detector . Technical support have be absolutely useless . after 6 try , I have give up and buy a gilsson antenna that work much better , have no problem and cost less . Magellan -lrb- Thales Navigation -rrb- either do not understand english or choose to deliberately misunderstand the problem . they will also not offer any refund on they antenna with the design problem . -- in general , I be quite satisfied with the RoadMate 300 , but do not expect any intelligent Technical support .
GPS	NEU	3	this should be my 3rd waterproof camera , so why should ? because I be return it due a lot of minor issue and bad material quality . I have a Lumix ts-2 and another Lumix ts-3 , now I try this Nikon aw-100 think about have a CMOS camera instead a CCD camera but I could not believe that this camera be so sensitive . in just one week in my pocket chare with my hotel card the lcd cover be totally damage by the plastic card . also the camera be not more sensitive than the CCD as they promise here be a difference but you can not feel it . the image quality be good , but the configuration menu be quite hard to understand . I be go to buy another Lumix .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase this in Sept 2011 . work ok to begin with . then it start freezing up , but I could cut it off and it would get ok . on 2\/23\/2012 , it freeze up again while down town Detroit and I try to get out of that city . this be just a piece of junk . it be still freeze up and I will probably purchase some other type of GPS . I would not reccomend anyone waste they money on a GARMIN .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this for we Magellan gp . I do not like the way they hook on vent , etc. . I agree with one other reviewer . once you figure out that the washer pop out of the base for the tilt or flex neck , it be a breeze to use . the weight be very sturdy . I be go to buy another one to try with we sirius - xm roadie . would recommend this .
GPS	POS	5	I buy this for my wife and she love it . out of the box , turn it on and away she go . she use it all the time , no problem , & very user friendly .
GPS	POS	4	personally , i like megellan product better , i currently own two of they ... but magellan gp do not have the pedestrian mode on any of they unit , garmin do ... so i buy this unit specifically for that purpose ... the pedestrian mode be great for when i be in a unfamiliar town ... i park the car ... punch in where be i , save to favorite ... and after hour of wander at which point i have no clue as to where i park ... this unit or pretty much all they unit have this function , will give you step by step direction back to you car ... how neat be that ...
GPS	POS	5	I decide to purchase this watch to help I train for a half Marathon . what a great training aid ! this watch can do just about anything you can imagine . naturally , it record you precise pace and distance , which be helpful , but it also allow you to set up a advanced workout . for example , if you be suppose to run 3 mile , then run 4 2 minute aerobic interval and then run another 3 mile , you can program this on you watch so that while you be run , the watch will notify you when you need to speed up or slow down . the watch also come with a heart rate monitor . after each run , I like to review how I do on each section of the training -lrb- i.e. pace , heart rate , etc. -rrb- the program be easier to set up on you computer than on the watch , but once the software be install , it be very user friendly and just take a couple of seconds to sync to the watch . I never run without the watch anymore ! the watch also have mode that be specific to other activity such as biking , but so far I have only use it for run . I would highly recommend this watch for anyone who be serious about training for a race , or even someone who just want to have a easier way to monitor and improve his\/her workout .
GPS	POS	5	sadly , I misplace the original interface cable that come with the etrex . however this have work well and allow I to update the firmware . and , if need , have the dc car adapter as well .
GPS	NEU	3	we buy this just before Christmas , but will be take it back . overall , it be a pretty good unit , we like the interface and display particularly , but the problem that we have see with it be enough to make we send it back . basically , the point of interest -lrb- pous -rrb- database be very suspect . if you have no interest in use it , that probably will not matter to you , but if you do , good luck . it be not so much that the database be out of date , it be also wildly inaccurate . we find that if you enter a address as a Go to , the GPS work wonderful 100 % of the time . however , if you use the pous -lrb- eg : `` find I the nearest mcdonald '' -rrb- it work maybe 20 % of the time . some example : 1 -rrb- accord to the 2720 , we local Super target be to be find about ten block east of where it actually be . there be also apparently a church directly across the street from it -lrb- church be actually about a mile northwest of there -rrb- 2 -rrb- in Eau Claire , Wisconsin , when we ask for `` Food '' , and pick the nearest mcdonald from the result list , we be take to the mcdonald regional headquarters , past a actual restaurant , which have not appear on the list 3 -rrb- South of Indianapolis , we search for the nearest Waffle House , and , follow the 2720 direction , end up in a part of town with no Waffle House , nothing even resemble one that have recently go out of business 4 -rrb- in Gatlinburg , tn , it tell we that the Park Grill be on the left side of the street when it be , in fact , on the right . no big deal , except that the street be pack , and we be unable to switch lane 5 -rrb- also in Tennessee , we be tell that the nearest `` Texas Roadhouse '' be about forty mile away . we be in the parking lot of a `` Texas Roadhouse '' at the time 6 -rrb- in Bloomington , Illinois , we ask to be route to the Ramada Inn and Suites . the 2720 take we right past the hotel and , when the `` Ramada Inn and Suites , on the right '' message come on , we be in a residential neighborhood about two block away the list go on and on . if Garmin replace the current pous database with something more accurate -lrb- and at no cost ! -rrb- this will be the unit to own . until that happen , you be far better off with something else .
GPS	NEG	2	the bezel be very frustrating . it either scroll for you or it do not and there be no reason why . sometimes when my finger be just near the edge it would change screen . I would have to push hard and the next time a feather light touch change the screen . the gp and hr monitor work great and the hr strap be comfortable . the amount of stuff it can do be amazing but I think you need to be a professional athlete to use it all . the Garmin training website be not very good and there be no direction on how to use it . I use it with mapmyrun.com and it download seamlessly . it also download fast with the Garmin training site but every time I want to stop it give I some Garmin error . I be a female and the watch be really uncomfortable and large . female , I do not recommend it at all . it rub on my wrist bone the entire run . I would try to readjust it and the stupid bezel would get touch and change screen . I think it would fit a man 's wrist quite well though . the battery charge go very fast . I do not get it past 65 % because I keep plug it in . go from screen to screen be a pain with so many feature . for a serious male athlete I would recommend it . pro : great for serious athlete compact and clean look for a man 's wrist lot of feature , interval , simple , advanced , hr zone 1-5 and 3 training plan hr strap comfortable and I never have a issue with a inaccurate rate sit , run or sweating backlight be very bright -lrb- although it would come on if my finger get too close to the bezel -rrb- con : Way too clunky for female wrist bezel be finicky at best , hard to control . impossible while run too many feature for a newer runner . just run my first 1\/2 marathon and even with all my training I do not want or need all those feature . the price be way too high when there be other watch that can do very similar function just as well .
GPS	POS	4	this be a excellent unit ! I have purchase the Garmin V Deluxe package with some trepidation as review I have read of it be mix . but I can honestly recommend it without reservation , have have it and use it for a while now . the quibble I read about the time recalculate route once off a plan route do not seem right - give 30 seconds or so , the machine recalibrate and calculate . battery life be good , and acquisition and lock on to satellite be also excellent . in a battery save measure , the backlight be turn off by default - I do hate that , but it be a very small problem .  the unit be smaller than I have think , and very light . it easily fit in a coat pocket . I like this unit - if you do not require a color unit , talk direction , or a larger screen , this will fit the bill very , very nicely .
GPS	POS	5	receive the item , plug it into my computer for the download of map and register , whole thing only take about 20 minute to update and install . I do not know what other people have complain about here , but I give this 5 star . I be pleasantly surprise that it come with a mount and car charger .
GPS	POS	4	First of all , about the nmea output -- this unit do NOT output nmea . fugawus support the Garmin Protocol , which be what this use , so there still be software package to use , just not nmea protocol . second , this unit take advantage of auto-routing , so get MapSource CitySelect instead of metroguid . it be pretty much identical to MetroGuide -lrb- street , pous 's , etc. . . -rrb- except it include auto-routing information that be not include with metroguide . overall , it be a great unit for the price -- rugged and feature-full . I would recommend it !
GPS	NEU	3	I have this unit for about a week , and the gp functionality work great . my main complaint be the connectivity . it come with a rs232 serial cable , which be ancient . if you want to use this with a Mac , or a pc without this connector , a $ 20 adapter be necessary . with that in mind , you might as well spend a extra $ 35 and get the eTrex Venture HC . it have a high sensitivity chip , usb connectivity , color screen , 3 x memory , geocach mode , etc. . Garmin be brilliant in differentiate they product just enough that make you want to spend $ 35 for the next model up . in my opinion , they purposely cripple the connectivity on this to make the more expensive model within reach . rs232 serial be ancient , and I do not believe it be any cheaper for Garmin to produce this unit with rs232 over the 12 year old standard mini usb connector . it be they prerogative to sell what they want at the price point of they choosing , but I would not recommend this unit . pony up $ 35 more and get the Venture HC .
GPS	POS	5	this machine work well . the important thing be that you can at least update the software for free . because the map it contain be the latest now . it also contain a sd card extension slot so in the future you can store more thing on it . I like it .
GPS	POS	5	have upgrade from we old Garmin nuvus this Model be awesome !!! I buy this for my boyfriend for Valentine 's day and now I want one LOL . the large screen be great , the voice command need some work however give simple command it do just fine . overall I be very happy with this Garmin .
GPS	POS	4	so far we have be very pleased with the Magellan RoadMate 760 . we have try it out on a roadtrip and locally and seem to be right on the money . like the feature that tell you the length of time to complete the trip at the speed you be go .
GPS	POS	5	I be concern this mount would not be very sturdy , or it would damage my CD slot , but I be pleasantly surprise . it be very sturdy and do not have any give at all . it fit easily in the CD slot and it do not seem to put a lot of stress on it . I also own the Arkon mount , which I be also very happy with . however , the face on this mount be quite a bit smaller than the Arkon version , so if you plan on have it in you car all the time , this one will probably look a little nicer . as other reviewer mention , it be kind of a pain to release the arm because the button be on top behind you phone , but you really should not be mess with it much unless you be stop , so it be not that big of a deal .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this case for a recently purchase Garmin nuvi 2460LMT -lrb- 5 '' -rrb- . I have purchase Garmin GPS unit in the past and each time Garmin include a protective case . not so with this one . back to Amazon to find a appropriate protective case . there be plenty to choose from but at $ 8.66 incl . tax & delivery , this be it ! fit my Garmin perfectly and just as good as the case Garmin provide in the past . highly recommend .
GPS	POS	5	each time before I buy my gp I do a lot of research and Garmin come out ahead . I have 2 other Garmin before buy this one and it get better each time . the view of the road , turn off , change to night view be all great . I be use it right now in Europe with the Europe map from Garmin while on vacation and the road and highway be all there . we have not be lose yet but the only problem I have be the sound ... it be not loud enough . when approach a turn or exit we have to turn down the radio and close the window to really listen . I would recommend this Garmin GPS who want great direction without get lose . one last note , I buy the Darth Vader voice and love it . the only thing it do not give street name just how far or when to take the exit or turn . you can switch voice anytime but Vader give you a different prospective .
GPS	POS	5	what be great about it : Easy to Use & Understand ... Lifetime Maps ... Lane Assist be a Life Saver ... customizable ... Nice Interface I travel a lot , but where map and direction be concern , I be a dummy . I have always have problem in figure out where I be go , how to get there and how to get back . this be my first GPS unit and the process in select a good one seem confusing and difficult . call it good fortune , but after web research , I land on this one , and WOW , be I glad I do ! EVERY thing I have do & discover from the minute I get home and open the box have reinforce this great purchase . a few highlight . 1 . lifetime map ... rather than to pay $ 90 - 100 per year for map update , pay a little more upfront , get a unit that have the `` LM '' designation . with what little knowledge I have about GPS unit , this be my first great decision . 2 . Lane Assist and detailed `` junction View '' . keep you in the right lane , and a great split-screen view of highway junction as you approach they . as I say , I be a traffic dummy and these be the place where I always get lose , go or confuse ... but I have try this and it work . I just listen to what be be say , check the lane indicator and stay there until tell otherwise . I have the benefit of be able to test this in Los Angeles , San Jose & Portland - and I sail through each of these city with ease . 3 . customization ... when you go to the Garmin site , register and log in , you can then download different type of vehicle , voice and other nicety for you device . you can even create custom voice , such as you own ! map update ... the process take a few hour the first time . you do have to download they `` Communicator Plugin '' and the Map Updater first , after that , every thing go smoothly and -lrb- again -rrb- good for dummy such as myself . fit and finish ... during my search for a gp device , I look at all the major maker and find I find the look of the Garmin road and map a lot better than any of the other . I also like the stark design of the unit itself . it just look GOOD . this be a 5 '' unit and -lrb- for I -rrb- very easy to see & read . should you pay a little more and get a unit that also include Traffic capability ? for some , perhaps . I find this on sale for $ 127.00 and for that price , this be PERFECT .
GPS	POS	5	I order this device after Consumer Reports rate it a best buy , favor it above other more expensive model and I be not disappoint . this way exceed my expectation , and the thumb wheel -lrb- instead of the touch screen -rrb- be great , work similar to a blackberry . the voice instruction be clear and straight forward . I would strongly recommend that you also purchase the three-sided Garmin friction base so it sit on you dashboard . for the extra $ 30 , it work well . I have only have my Garmin a month or so and already , three friend have buy one just like it after see mine in action .
GPS	NEG	2	the product work just fine but it hard to believe that max size for the datum card be 512mb for 120 + dollar and you can buy a 2g sd card for 7 to 20 dollar figure you might get more bang for you buck since the datum card be twice the size of a sd card
GPS	POS	5	the Go 910 be definitely the best gp device out there today . I use it on a long sojourn on the East Coast over the fourth of July weekend and it never miss . before I leave I load up a bunch of playlist onto the device with plenty of room to spare !! before I leave I be concern about the mount droop in the hot weather . I do not know if people have try this , but you have to turn the dial on the mount such that it click in twice . there be a first click , then dial farther until the padlock symbol meet the dot . even in the 90-degree weather the dock do not move . voice have some trouble with street name , but still , with the text-to-speech it be nice to have something more than the generic `` turn right here . '' love the big screen , better than Nuvi 360 and the Streetpilot c550 , my next turn be always visible well in advance . phone conversation be clear and map accuracy be fine . a great product !
GPS	POS	5	buy this product for a 2200 mile trip . get it two day before start and find it extremely easy to set up and learn . still learn some area such as map correction . recommend buy the unit with the traffic and life time map . deliver be as state . product work right out of the box . all the part be there . as far as use , I purchase this unit for the map update , screen size and the lane direction . it be very helpful in large city where be in the right lane to exit or join another freeway be in play . I have not use the map correction update yet , but it look like it would be very helpful . the speak dirction be very well do and allow you to choose from several different voice . I highly recommend this product and Amazon .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase the bu-353 gp receiver to use with the marine navigation software I install on two different laptop use on my sailboat . one of the laptop run Windows xp and the other , Windows 7 -lrb- 64bit -rrb- . I install the latest driver from the manufacture website , then connect the gp receiver which have work flawlessly on both computer and under both operate system . the gp receiver be install inside the boat and receive signal through the fiberglass without issue .
GPS	POS	5	Sweet GPS . I have go to multiple big city that I have never be to and get right where I want to go the first time every time . great great product .
GPS	POS	5	well , not really pie but satelite gp . the Nuvi be easy to set-up and be up and run in a matter of minute . this be my first system so I have nothing to compare against . but we be totally happy with the purchase . it do what we expect . it could be a lousy marriage but we be happy .
GPS	NEG	1	I buy qty 2 of Magellan RoadMate 760 when they first come out think I be invest in a quality product and I be get a really nice discount for purchase 2 at a time . if only I wait for a few more month when Garmin or TomTom come out . this product be always take we in the longer route and wake up @ or after the turn have pass . on top of that the company charge you a lot of money to update you software\/maps . my 2 cent go with Garmin or TomTom . I just buy a Garmin for my brother .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this for my wife for Christmas ' 06 . within 5 minute of get it out of the box , she have it up and run , just by use the Quick Reference Guide . she be very pleased with how , `` intuitive '' it be . we take we first `` road trip '' the next day -lrb- she be the navigator , of course -rrb- and it work without a hitch . the one negative be when the battery go low , and the unit shut off . I have to `` reset '' the unit to get it to start charge . I be hopeful Garmin will look into that . overall , she be very pleased with the Nuvi 350 , and that be what be important . good product !!
GPS	POS	5	have a earlier model and now love the lifetime map and traffic . Easy to update , even with my MAC . traffic function work and there be a lot of information that be easy to read on the screen .
GPS	POS	5	1 . after you set a address to go , it will suggest you a route . when you drive out of the route , it will recalculate a new route from you current place to the destination . 2 . after you set a address to go , it will suggest you a route . it might be far away . on the high way you do not need the GPS , so you can turn off the unit . when you be close to the destination you can turn the gp on and select view the map . it will continue the route . after 4 year , I be still use it . this be one more thing I like it . that make I trust Garmin .
GPS	POS	4	it seem that this unit be either loved or hate by people . I find it to be a very good product -lrb- and no , I do not sell Garmin GPS unit and I be not a employee -rrb- . this be my first car navigation gp , but I have use several handheld unit in conjunction with map . one have to wonder if maybe Garmin be make this unit in two different factory , one with its act together and one ... not so much , to have this disparity in review . I will relate to you my experience with it , which be generally positive . first , it have never lock up on I , and the longest I have wait for a signal on startup have be maybe 45 seconds to 1 minute . that be in the middle of downtown Seattle . the speak direction be very nice , though the voice be a bit mechanical . the voice give you street name and distance , which be almost as good as a good navigator ride shotgun . if you happen to be in the thick of traffic and do not hear the announcement , just press the `` SPEAK '' button and the message will repeat . I be visit Seattle for a few day . I have never be there prior to my trip . all in all it get I around very well as far as I can tell . the route feature be fairly nice , but I have a couple quibble with it . first , there be no easy way to tell it that I have reach the next destination on the route , so the only way to get it to take I to the next stop be to drive past my destination a bit sometimes . secondly , I be on a 11 stop route , start at my hotel and end there again . it work beautifully for the first four stop , but decide to give up and return I to my hotel . I delete the first four stop in the route and then restart it . after that , it work like a charm . in familiar territory -lrb- Phoenix , AZ -rrb- it pick very sensible route and the route exclusion feature be very powerful , able to rule out type of road , specific road , and even draw a rectangular avoid area on the map . by default , the route finder will find a least time route , but that can be configure to find shortest distance , or off-road -lrb- straight line -rrb- . the 2720 can also be set to prompt you for the method it should use . the remote , as far as I be concerned , be not terribly useful . it be just another item to get lose in you car . the number of location program into the unit be amazing . in addition to the obvious food , lodging , and gas location it have bank and atm , retail shopping , entertainment venue , and even veterinarian . you can search by name or by category , so if you be jonese for italian , it will find it for you . overall , I would recommend this unit if you can get one that work properly . I have not have the problem that have vex other , luckily . I be still run the 2.50 version of the software .
GPS	POS	5	it be a excelent piece of equipment ; handy and easy to use . I drop it a couple of time with no consecuence . problem : the battery wear out too fast : no more than 5 or 6 hour of continue use , and the compass do not work unless you move . overall : excelent
GPS	NEG	2	yes , it be inexpensive when compare to some alternative , but the devil be in the detail . these supplier all differentiate themselves on the software and feature set since the underlying chip tend to be common , so this be where you will want to focus when compare . thing I like about this system : 1 . the hardware be well do , though the cable to the receiver could be a little longer . 2 . the option to view satellite position in they software be really neat . 3 . integration with contact for route planning be nice . however , I just return my Pharos system for the follow reason : 1 . it crash my Dell Axim X5 PDA , and this be apparently a known issue . on investigation , the vendor 's web site have a faq on what to do in this situation . unfortunately this be not a rare occurrence , and it be clearly a software bug . 2 . another bug in the navigation software show my distance -lrb- as a bird fly -rrb- increase to the destination while I be actually head towards it on the interstate prescribe by the route software . after about 45 minute of this , it abruptly fix itself as if nothing have ever go wrong . 3 . the route calculation be so slow as to be unusable , and this be on a 400MHz Dell Axim x5 with a ton of memory - a very highest performance device . 4 . map inaccuracy be such that it occasionally indicate the user be off-route while on a major highway or the interstate . I think that this be a case where map position coordinate for the roadway be at least 50 to 100 foot in error . 5 . map have to be manually load from region to region . even if present in the memory , the user have to instruct the software to use it . this be a big hassle , and one that be not tolerable while drive . 6 . generate route be terrible in town and out , and I find myself use a paper map for the sake of efficiency instead of this system . as a example of how ridiculous thing can be , the device instruct I to exit Interstate 20 in the middle of nowhere then immediately get back on the highway . this be not relate to a map inaccuracy ; the exit ramp , stop sign , and entrance ramp be exactly where they be indicate to be but the instruction make no sense . there be also a number of product feature and tweak that should be address -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- : 1 . a route builder tool be need where the user be present with route option , or can constrain the route engine to use a certain highway or road set . without real time traffic information , school zone location , etc , this would be necessary even if the route engine be good . and wile not a panacea , this would also speed the calculation up as a side effect . 2 . the display should auto center when one zoom . draw a zoom box on the screen only instruct the unit what scale you wish to see rather than zoom in on a specific region . 3 . the map view tool be weak , make the process of transfer map to you pc and pocket pc slow and tedious . 4 . there should be a option to adjust the amount of detail show on the map : low , medium , high . I see situation at both extreme that I would have like to adjust -lrb- actually need to in one case -rrb- . 5 . it would also be nice to have basic trip computer feature like ETA at destination as well as waypoint or road change , average speed , a speed profile , etc. . 6 . the unit should be able to store and upload actual detailed route to Pharos ' web site for analysis . this would allow they to tweak they route engine to a point of usability , and perhaps generate rule or algorithm that would allow it to finish calculate before you arrive . conclusion : at its current stage of development , this be a toy at best . I do not what alternative to suggest yet , but would like to hear from you if you have a good one . best regards , Roy
GPS	NEG	2	well , its be 6 month since I purchase the product and the gp function have croak . everything else work but the distance always read zero and do not change . I have try to reset the watch -lrb- hold the mode\/reset + power button -rrb- but that have not help . the watch be not exactly cheap and what be worse be that I never drop it and always wear a wristband under the watch so that it would not get all sweaty so I take very good care of it . I be very disappoint in the product 's lifespan and Amazon only have a 30 day return policy so it look like I be outta luck !
GPS	NEG	2	this be a device for the person who like to get into the inside of the system -lrb- I believe its call hacking -rrb- . for such a person , the device be great . I would not recommend it for a novice . here 's why : 1 . the text to voice pronunciation be terrible . the word run together , for example , ` San Jose ' be pronounced sanozay , San Francisco sound like ` sunfrincisco ' . now , the interesting bit be that this issue can easily be fix by someone who can hack into the system and make a few small tweak . I wonder why TomTom can not just do be in the device they ship out , or as a software update to those already sell . 2 . this device - 540 World Traveler Edition - be pitch as have complete US , Canada , Mexico and Europe map . truth be , this gp do not have room for the newest version of these map . you can have all of North America , but not all Europe , only bit of it . for example , you can have Western Europe , but then you can not have southern Europe - because there be not room on the device to accommodate that particular map . same thing for Eastern or Central Europe . this would not be such a big deal if you could be selective about which N. AM . country map you need , so you could leave out Canada , or Mexico or US , and make room for all of Europe . but you can not do that . 3 . the worst thing be that it take age to upload map , or swap out between the regionsl european pap . we be talk hour . if I be to travel to Europe , I would therefore have to lug along my laptop and flip map back and forth every time I want to go from , say , the UK to Italy , or from Sweden to the Czech Republic . and wait around for a few hour while the GPS sit around upload the right map . I think that if TomTom do not fix the map problem within a reasonable time , I will probably send it back , since the device do not function as advertise . have say all that , once you hack it and set it up properly , it work well -lrb- except for the map problem -rrb- .
GPS	POS	5	I use this to keep track of my two dog while they be off lead in the wood . it do a great job . when they go off chase whatever , you can see where they be relative to yourself and if need be you can go after they since you know the direction to take . it be very accurate at show they location . great job Garmin . my only complaint be that the track on the handheld seem to be position towards the bottom of the screen instead of the center . it give I total confidence to have they off lead so that if they get lose or hurt I will be able to find they . just a reminder , remember to re-calibrate the handheld when you change the battery . it be a very simple procedure but I forget about it and think there be something wrong with the unit . re-calibration solve the problem .
GPS	POS	5	this be the `` correct '' original garmin charger ... there be so many charger on amazon claim to be the original while only this work . I buy and return three of those wrong one . this do look different from what come with my nuvus 260 but work fine .
GPS	POS	5	it have so many feature that my other gp -lrb- a Magellan -rrb- do not have . I love the 5 inch screen ... easy to see without put on my read glass . I return the Magellan which freeze up ! I love the way I can customize my TomTom in so many way . the software that come with it be easy to use and work well , delete the French & Spanish voice be the first thing I do to free up more space . I love the share website to correct mistake or pous 's that be miss . since I get mine -lrb- at $ 109.99 regular price be $ 229.99 at best buy -rrb- I have sell two more to two of my buddy !!
GPS	POS	5	just put this review to clear my account , I use to have this and it be great , travel many road with it . -lrb- have a Zumo 550 now -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	I can not say much more about this little device than it just work . it be so simple . small . look good - I just velcroe it to my windshield . it have one button and three light . at the $ 18 or so buck I pay for it , just awesome .
GPS	POS	4	Works great right out of the box without have to subscribe or download course information . I have use it in Northern California and Las Vegas and it be very accurate . the device really come in handy if you ever find yourself in another fairway and need a distance estimate .
GPS	NEU	3	garmin 1490-t have a very impressive list of feature , but they relibility fall far short from the advertisement . Bluetooth : work about 75 % of the time . traffic report : totally inaccurate . Lane assist : work in about 50 % of the time you need it to work -lrb- could be that we highway in Dallas be too confusing for Garmin -rrb- . I be sell mine on eBay and go with another brand . I hope you experience be better than mine .
GPS	POS	5	simple , inexpensive but well make thin case . will perfectly fit , protect and help you carry around you 5 inch Garmin Nuvi . deliver quickly . highly recommend .
GPS	NEU	3	the Garmin be often confuse about where it be , lose a signal often - one day fine in a particular next day , no satellite available over the past few month of use . slow to upload location . I would have hope it would be update with information , not so - could not find a restaurant one there be one located less than a mile down the road , have be there for several yr . Downloaded map shortly after I receive it in hope it would be accurate , again no very update with direction . older unit turn in be more accurate and quicker with load location to unit .
GPS	POS	4	from a feature\/function perspective , the edge 800 be a fantastic device ... when it work ! some of the problem I have have multiple time include -lrb- but definitely not limit too -rrb- ... speed go to Zero randomly , then the device will auto-pause cause loss of datum . last 3 ride the device encounter a waypoint error in which it suddenly show I travel 1000 's of mile completely throw off all my datum field include average speed , distance , elevation , etc. . I have have average speed reach 15,000 mph . Corrupt fit file on the device that prevent I from upload datum to Garmin connect . in short , I would not purchase this item until Garmin fix all the software bug with a new version firmware . if and when they do , I will rate the product at 4-5 star as it be a great gp when work . -lrb- at the time of this post , current firmware version be 2.1 -rrb- UPDATE - all technical issue have be resolve by Garmin via software update . Hopefully Garmin will stop use they customer as software tester .
GPS	POS	5	Garmin nuvi 1490\/1490T 5-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator with Traffic  I replace my nuvus 760 with 885t , very bad experience . I rarely give review online , but I be so disappointed , I have to air my frustration . thankfully the nuvus 1490t work perfectly w\/o any problem so far . Got all the thing I be look for : - free traffic subscription -lrb- ad not noticable and not a distraction -rrb- - lane assist , let you know which lane number you should be -lrb- very helpful in freeway area in Los Angeles and San Diego -rrb- - junction View - a plus - blue tooth - work seamlessly with my nokium phone , one programe it link automatically when ever my gp be on - volume - very loud , I just use 60 % -lrb- compare to nuvi885t at 100 % I can not hear instruction -rrb- - speaking of street name - pronunciation be get better - satellite link - fast - recalculation - fast - display - very clear no complaint ... well battery be short , but I can live with that , since I have a bigger screen and I will be use in for the car anyway .
GPS	POS	5	pro : this unit be awesome . it be literally a pc in you car . Radio , GPS , ipod\/iphone and bluetooth work well . can not beat the price compare to other in-dash gp . touch screen have a good sensitivity . con : I do have a problem with the microphone for the bluetooth . currently check with the seller if there be a setting for it to adjust the volume or if it could be bad . there be a lot of icon for program . I would prefer a simple menu option on the display for ease of use .
GPS	NEG	1	I have use this device for over a month now , and damn I do not like it . I live in NYC and I want to know the traffic situation on the street . it be terrible wrong all the time , and after I be stick in traffic it tell I that the highway be congest , but only with a few minuter delay ... I be stick on FDR for 30 minute and it tell I it be a 3 minute delay . it do not show the local street info , and hardly the highway , so the traffic information be understandable free as it this terrible . I always have to use a separate phone to see the traffic status on google map as it be always incorrect . I have never ever be close to arrive on the esitmated arrival time as well , it be over 25-50 % incorrect on the time of arrival , especially as it do not understand that it will actually take time to stand still at a traffic light . do not calculate that into the estimate arrival time . when be suggest the fastest route it do not suggest highway , it be use local street , and as I describe above , do not calcualte time for the traffic light . I go to the beach and be suggest a 1.05 h travel time , it take I 2 hour to get there with this device . I go on the highway as I know they and it take 1.10 h in travel time , and it be congest at that time . on other device you can select to drive on highway only if possible . it alternate the road in the middle of the driving , and send I off in the wrong direction , and then it tell I to make a u-turn to go back to the road I be drive on from the start . it be just full of these annoyance all the time ... it do not suggest alternative road when it calculate a road . miss exist as it tell I to keep to the right and then the exit be on the left . so in over all . I hate the device , and hate be a strong word .
GPS	POS	5	I be really please use this unit . it do its job so cool . there be a 2 gig memory on it and you can put you music -lrb- mp3 's -rrb- or picture and everything . its shape be also great I mean it be not way too big . screen and color be perfect ! there be two thing that I dont like so far . the First one be the antenna . you have to open it up at all time to use while drive . while open it make a little noise which bother I . another thing be right after I get this unit , I drive to NY . when I be in manhattan , sometimes it couldnt find the point that I ask . finally it be find everything but I guess sometime these thing might happen because this gp be not the most expensive one . when you compare the unit and its price its just great ! BTW if it get stick , just reset it ! I have do just one time so far .
GPS	POS	5	I have be mean to get this product for a while and I use to borrow my friend 's all the time which be exactly the same model so I know I 'll like this one . the packaging be nice and everything come in the box be new . it be just the right size to attach to the windshield -lrb- or wherever -rrb- and it seem to endure heat very well too since I have have to use it a couple of time in extremely hot weather and the gp be pretty much `` boil '' after the car would be park in the lot for a while . I also like the recalculate function very much .
GPS	POS	5	Works great , pleased that it work well in car and no problem install it . it be nice that you can remove it easy
GPS	POS	5	Works very nice . nice for the price . Works nice when you be in a unfamilar town\/city
GPS	POS	5	as a high handicapper I likely need a golf gp like I need a second wife , but since my wife have just go out and buy a lot of clothes which I do not think she need , I decide to act like a spoil brat and buy something for myself . not only be it easy to use , but it actually be beneficial . I quickly appreciate that my visual estimate to the pin could be off as much as 2 club . I have save on average 3-4 stroke per hole since I buy this item -lrb- I tell you I have a high handicap -rrb- . in addition , my wife who initially say , `` it be a waste of money '' , now ask I for she yardage or ask I to measure how far she have drive she ball . if you decide to buy a golf gp go with Garmin . other then a short battery life -lrb- buy rechargeable battery -rrb- , it be terrific . bye the way , I initially buy a Calloway GPS . that be terrible and be return the very next week .
GPS	POS	5	this charger solve a problem for I on my sailboat . how to keep two smart phone and a mp3 player charge , while not lose one of my 12volt socket . it be a very clever design and work as it should with no problem so far . the only problem you might run into be that if you be plug in something to the center while use the usb 's the plug as to be pretty slim .
GPS	POS	5	I have never own a gp before . since my sense of direction be not always the greatest , I decide a gp might be the answer . this model be suggest by a friend . I take it on a trip to Clearwater Beach in Florida . it be a life saver . it save many argument between my husband , who refuse to ask for direction , and myself . we be able to find place of interest in a timely and efficient manner . the unit be fairly easy to program and the large screen be a plus . it be a great time saver . do not know how I live without it !
GPS	POS	5	it do everything I expect it to do and they some . I have use it for over a month now and it have not freeze up once . the other brand `` nextar x3-02 '' I try freeze up several time each trip . the cost at Amazon be the best I find . one to two hundred dollar less the all the big retail store . I would recommend that you download the manual from the Garmin web site and read it . every review I read that say it would not do something I be able to find out how to do it by read the download manual . I do have to call the support desk to find out how to set a location as my start point other then the one I be located at , so that I could map a route form that other location . I be able to get a person after a 20 minute wait . better then the average support telephone # form today 's service department . and the person I speak with be helpful and knowledgeable . he explain how to view the map with the GPS off , go to a location and then pick set location . the manual tell how to set a location but do not explain that be what need to be do to route a map form some location other then you current location . the manual be a must if you want to get the most usage out of you unit . I would recommend this unit to anyone that want a dependable unit .
GPS	POS	4	this be a really good option if you want a smaller watch that still give you pace and distance . only downside be , as far as I can tell , you can only get you current pace vs have it display the run avg . page as you can with a garmin 305 or 405 . so the display pace change frequently . but the distance measurement be quite accurate and you final avg . pace display will be spot on .
GPS	NEU	3	I have just purchase this item and be disappoint at the way Amazon be market this . they retail price say the unit be list for over $ 700 and the Garmin site have it for a little over $ 300 . they also list a very limited number leave for sale -lrb- 1 item leave -rrb- that do not drop when I buy mine ... it be still a good deal on a great unit , but I think Amazon be better than this !!!
GPS	POS	4	I have find this product to be very useful in the past year . aside from some occasional misdirection when search in its database -lrb- mostly with restaurant and once with Blockbuster -rrb- , it give accurate direction and be easy to use . it be easy to update the software and they have recently add different voice accent which be fun . my unit stop work recently after about 9 month of use and it be due to failure of the power cable . Garmin customer service be prompt in respond to the problem but take about a month to send I a replacement cable because the product be out of stock . overall I recommend the product .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this unit on sale locally . when I first turn it on there be some new street around my area -lrb- Lafayette , La -rrb- that be not include in the map . I try to register the 40lm on my Windows 7 64-bit pro system but it would not work . I end up update it on my company laptop with Windows xp . Registered the unit and download the current map . disconnect the unit from the laptop and plug it into the Windows 7 System and it connect no problem . be use the Windows & to update and download ever since . I love the unit . when you get to a exit it show the proper lane to be in . you can also get a list of restaurant for meal , gas station location and snack while on the road . you can download different vehicle to use as you default pointer . the x-wing fighter be my favorite . direction be precise and clear . show speed limit on major highway and interstate but not local road . it would be nice to have a larger selection of voice to play with . Cartoon voice would be even more fun . I just discover you can use you own voice or family or friend to use for the voice command . would recommend to a friend to purchase .
GPS	NEU	3	have this for two month and have mostly be good . do take a while to start up , which when you be lose be not so great . but when it be go , it be really good at get I where I need to go and help I when I miss a turn - it recalculate pretty quickly . I be go to contact Garmin about the issue of lose the satellite signal , which it have do on a few occasion and not in area where that might be understandable -lrb- high building , tree , etc -rrb- . I do not have other GPS 's to compare it to , but I think I would buy it again .
GPS	NEG	2	while this product say it fit 4.3 '' gp device - they do not tell you that if you device have any connective add-on for cabling -lrb- e.g. garmin -rrb- the additional piece do NOT fit in this case which be ` glove tight ' for the basic device . if you just have a 4.3 '' device this product will be fine .
GPS	POS	4	this thing be very cool . find satilite and plot course quickly . amazingly accurate . I have have this for a couple of month now and use it daily mostly for fun . if you make a wrong turn it quickly recalculate a new route if you do it more than once it seem the voice sound unhappy with you for not follow its direction . I do the on line map and firmware update but it still doesnt show a major grocery store that be build over 3 year ago maybe I need the map update send on disk which be avaliable at a extra charge the store that be list show address distance form you location and phone number , which be very handy BUT AS for the sound factor . the speaker be on the back of the unit face away from you . if you be drive at freeway speed with you window or even crack open or if the radio be on you cant hear the direction -lrb- make I happy I do not buy the blutooth model -rrb- if you be lay next to the windsheild I bet you could hear it just fine if the speaker where on the front or even have something to direct the sound forward I think would help a lot other than the voume I be very happy with my purchase if I have it to do again i would buy the bigger screen
GPS	NEG	1	we buy this for we seven year old granddaughter and try it out before give it to she . glad we do as we do not find it particularly good and end up return it . we compare the cache with geocaching.com near we home . some be list , some be miss . basically you follow the arrow and supposedly find the cache - we do not . also the arrow keep spin so that in the end we do not know which direction to go . I would rather have the clue that geocaching.com provide , know if in fact there be thing to exchange and so on .
GPS	NEG	1	I be very disappointed . I set it up and discover that it do not even have my own house address . I bring it with I to a trip to Florida and it do not even have my hotel address . the hotel have be there for year . I even update the device but still do not find the address . it also keep repeat itself , it say turn right several time even after turn right . I return after two week . I buy a Garmin .
GPS	POS	5	easy to use , easy to setup . take it on a trip to the north wood of wisconsin and even the most remote road be recognize . I love the detour feature and the route recalc . my brother use the speedometer feature in he ski boat ! good buy for the money and for someone who want a good quality and easy to use GPS .
GPS	POS	5	hello everyone , when we first get we Prism Handspring Visor , we we be debate on if we should get the gp module or not . I be glad we do ! I have find the mapping software very detailed , and I can not wait for the Rand McNally Street Finder map software to come out . I hear that you can do point to point . I highly recommend the handygp concider the functionality and the price . there be so many different feature that you can do . I can not imagine why there have be people that have not enjoy this handy little device . I be able to name my house , my sister house , my favorite restaurant , etc. . . this be a totally cool toy on the cut edge . definetly a must have !
GPS	NEG	1	I test this on several different usb device -lrb- Apple stuff , gp , bluetooth -rrb- and in two different car just to make sure . it do not charge any of 'em - neither charge port work .
GPS	POS	4	good gp . pro big screen display loud and clear voice . even street name be clear Quick satellite connection con bit convoluted menu Poor touch sensitivity for screen very poor mount . come of easily -lrb- the unit from mount not the mount from dashboard -rrb- overall good gp with no major issue . Update : the mount become really worse . I drop the GPS many time while mount or operate when it be mount . start dislike a good gp for very poor mount !
GPS	POS	5	for several year , I have envy the owner of high end car equip with navigation system . I consider get a aftermarket in-dash system , but the price be too steep . the StreetPilot III Deluxe be just what I have be look for . it be a reliable , well-designed , and just plain fun gadget that will please the electronics junkie and the casual user alike .  the high resolution screen be gorgeous and remain clearly visible even in bright sunlight . at sundown -lrb- automatically calculate by the StreetPilot -rrb- , the display switch to black and white and can still be read easily without distract the driver . operation be very easy once you get the hang of it . the 128 mb datum card include with the deluxe version can store map cover a radius of 500 + mile . it should be adequate for almost all trip . program the card be fairly easy , although the software be probably the system 's weakest link . the interface be poorly design but functional .  the system 's autorouting function work very well , but because it can not account for traffic volume or terrain , it sometimes underestimate drive time and thus do not choose the quickest route . 95 % of the time , however , the system choose the best route , and it have identify new and better direction for several of my most common trip . the vocal prompt be excellent . a sophisticated trip computer be a include feature and be a welcome addition if you car do not have one .  I can not praise the StreetPilot highly enough . in many way , I think it be superior to a in-dash system , in term of price and portability -lrb- since you can transfer the device between car -rrb- . it be the rare gadget that be both useful and fun . you 'll wonder how you ever live without it .
GPS	POS	4	this be a very good product . the only reason i give it four star instead of five be because the keyboard sometimes need to be touch a couple of time to enter a letter in the alphabet . i travel over 2700 mile in 10 day and use my garmin nuvus 1490 all the time . the blue tooth be easy to hear a phone conversation but the person on the other end of the conversation have a hard time hear what i be say . maybe because it be position on the dash , but where else would you put it and still be able to see it comfortibily ?
GPS	NEG	2	this be my second Garmin . I buy a 305 last year and have to return in less than a month as the battery would not last longer than 2 hour . this year I buy this 410 . I be return it . after just 3 week it freeze up with a blank screen and never work again . Garmin say to return it . but before I do I really like it . it be comfortable to wear . it acquire satellite in less than a minute . the touch bezel be very sensitive but once lock it work fine . I be not get another 410 . I would buy a Nike Sportband GPS but it do not have average pace so I 'll probably try a 610 . good luck with a Garmin ... they be not the highest quality stuff .
GPS	POS	5	basically I look at several gp unit and this one catch my eye . I have have it now for a week and have to say I love it . route on it be excellent it actually show I a faster way to get home lol . the only thing that I find wrong with it be in the button on the side . handle the unit will press the button so watch that . I havent use the voice recogntion on it yet because of no real need . I also havent use the bluetooth for the phone since my car have that already . as a gp I be happy with it .
GPS	NEG	1	too much money for the real value that you will get back . it can take 15-20 minute to get satellite signal , intersection nor detailed like in tom-tom . I really want to re-sell it for half the price but nobody want this gp , money on the trash .
GPS	POS	4	when the item work it be great . I have have problem from the first . screen go off . part of picture not there . after 2 hour it just go out . it do not like heat . if you get one without problem it work great . if you follow what it say to go you will not get lose . it do sometime go to place in some different way then I would go . Garmin have state they would fix or replace it if what they tell I to fix it do not work . I would buy again maybe . I have hear of greater problem with other that be not Garmin .
GPS	POS	5	great product for the price . it also fit other model , just remove the bracket and the ball and sock  chargercity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin nuvus 200 200w 205 205w 250 250w 255 255w 260 260w 265t 265wt 270 275t 285 285w 285t 285wt -lrb- direct replacement warranty -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	the Nuvi 1490LMT be the perfect answer to the frustration of today 's driving . after 3 trip in the last week it have do exactly as advertise ... get I to my destination without hassle . I actually find the `` arrival time '' a great stress reliver for attend meeting on time . if it can get I around New York -lrb- in area totally foreign to I -rrb- without hassle ... it cetainly must be do it be job . big screen ... big find ! recommend highly !
GPS	NEU	3	I have use this product for run and biking workout for a little while , and I have really enjoy its functionality . although a little bulky , it be a great training tool and provide all need information . the only real negative of this watch be its lifespan . as I be train for a triathlon , the watch just quit working . it work fine one day and then two day later , it would not turn on . I could get the watch to turn on when it be on the charger and plug in , but as soon as it come off the charger , it would shut off and would not turn on - the obvious sign of a rechargeable battery that will no longer hold a charge . I understand that this happen to rechargeable battery , but I feel that this quit long before the watch reach a reasonable lifespan . base on the rate of use , I would estimate that I make maybe 50 charge of the battery -lrb- probably fewer -rrb- . each charge get I about 3 workout , so at Garmin 's suggest retail price , that work out to pay $ 2 per workout to get this information . the watch be nice , but not worth $ 2 a workout - a gym membership would be much cheaper but I do not like treadmill or stationary bike . I be currently look for a different product and would recommend other do the same .
GPS	POS	5	we really love the RoadMate 1700 . we have a 2009 Buick with a navigation system in it and it be very incompetent compare to the RoadMate 1700 . we have a rv that it be great in , but you will need the long window mount for a rv . we also have a jeep Wrangler we use it in . we even use it in we Buick instead of the built-in one . it far exceed we expectation . we expect it to be about like the Buick 's system , but I can not stress more how much better this be .
GPS	POS	5	it be easy to use and of a low price . I do not buy the upgrade package . the map have meet with all my need .
GPS	POS	4	purchase for great price . Works as advertise . some of the rural map and address be outdate . so far , the city map and address have be accurate , which be really what I want . I rate it four star for not have the latest rural update . Performance be good . the compass east and west feature be reverse but , it be a overall good product .
GPS	POS	5	Mountek mt5000-c be a outstanding mount . it be perfect for what I buy it for . I use it to secure my iphone4 while drive in my Highlander . it do not obstruct the driver from use the -lrb- factory install -rrb- radio whatsoever . it be both easy to install and remove without any tool . my only minuscule issue with the Mountek be that although it will hold my Ipod Nano -lrb- 5th gen -rrb- , it be not exctly make for that job . if you be look for a extremely high quality mount at a very fair price for hold you iphone or navigational device , this be what you seek .
GPS	POS	5	I be so happy to recieve this item that I could barely open the box ! it be well-packaged , and the product be intact upon recieve it . I take it out and immediately use it to update my GeoMate . it be very easy to use ! the only downer be that the GeoMate list of point be not as concise as the geocaching.com website 's point list . honestly , I be a beginner geocacher , and my focus be more on the actual find , rather than what point be part of a series , etc. so the lack of be able to enter coordinate do not really affect I . overall , this be a great start tool to help introduce someone to the fun and challenging world of geocach !
GPS	POS	5	this be a nice item for the price . make a great back up power cable . I find this not really necessary . i buy it because of some rather picky reviewer say the cable that come with the 1490 LMT be bulky . it be not bulky in my Silverado Pickup . not sorry I buy it but be not necessary .
GPS	POS	4	the product be quite good and reliable . I be new in US and this product have be the only source by which I be survive - visit to various client across the state due to the travel nature of my job . except for some area like make a u - turn or in highway where you need to take a right turn and then round about to take a left , the product fail to highlight that . it only say you to take a left turn whereas left turn in reality be not permissible .
GPS	POS	5	First off , im glad i do not spend -rrb- $ 500 on a gp , i spend only $ 300 , and this little thing bring I everywhere . I have doubt about its capability , but i be amaze at its accuracy . the 128 meg card that come with the drive be enough to fit 5-6 state which be plenty for I . the only thing that bother I be the fact that enter a new address take patience , which you need anyway since u shouldnt be a aggressive driver . also , you should put the gp on the bottom of you windsheid in order to get faster satalite receiption , i have it near the cup holder , rear view mirror and it lose signal a couple of time , but once i put it in the front of the car near the wiper , it perform brilliantly ! I would recommend this device to anyone want a gp device and do not know electronics very well . the screen be small but why would you want to look at the screen anyway when it tell you where u should be go ! to I the screen size be a useless concern since you should be look at the road anyway .
GPS	POS	4	we really like this other than we find out we can not enter in exact coordinate which have turn out to be a problem . you can get coordinate for almost every place but we can not enter they in on this device which be a problem live here in Germany when you want to go to Spain or France etc. . I can get the coordinate to site we want to visit on google but it be not so easy to get a address and even when you do they very so much by country it be hard to get to the location .
GPS	POS	4	I have use this a few time and find the verbal street word a big help . also like the idea of the lifetime map . Easy to use and easy to read .
GPS	POS	4	it work . it get I where I set it . it update easily connect to my pc . it have a current map all the time . and , it help I avoid a mess of traffic .
GPS	POS	5	very useful . the only thingthat could be better be how long it take to gear up and locate satellite . it be a great training aid .
GPS	NEG	1	on main road it be ok , but in the country it useless . it take the long way no matter how hard you try major road be miss . it be a toy at best
GPS	NEG	2	it take a lot of research for I to finally find a gp cf bundle -lrb- hardware and software -rrb- for a Dell Axim x5 . some how just buy the one Dell push be not good enough and here some of what I have learn ... the Pharos unit cover the audio input on the top of the x5 ... why be that important ? well if you be use it in a car and what to use a device to boost the sound of you turn by turn direction -lrb- ie . a power PDA car holder -rrb- ... well you would be out of luck . the product have a lot of kink , it have trouble with re-routing and over all be a good start but for the same money you can get something that be much better . look into a Haicom 303 ... as far as software a lot of it be personal preference - look at the website of the software maker and see if you like the look of the software . call Pharos and talk to they ... I think you will find that they be more about good marketing , slick name and packaging than a mature product . like other reviewer I can not see any difference beteen the pf022 and the pfd22 -lrb- for Dell -rrb- other than something for Dell . check ` buy GPS now com ' for more in depth information about GPS and software product . Amazon have a good start but there be just not enough imformation - like EXACTLY what come in the box and any thing else -lrb- ie cord -rrb- that you will need to make it work with you pda . since you can not return software once you have install it - you need all the INFORMATION you can get to pick wisely .
GPS	NEU	3	I be mostly satisfy with the function , however , the map be way behind the time . when I say way behind I mean year behind . Dallas and Fort Worth be grow quickly so this gp be often not of good service to I . I feel I pay a premium price for a standard gp .
GPS	POS	5	I have read a lot of the review state that this mount be nto stong enought to keep they gp on the bike . I mainly do biking on road and `` rail to trail '' path so I be not a `` rugged '' biker . this mount work very well for I . no movement whatsoever . I enjoy geocach while ride my bike , and this be a great addition to I favorite `` sport . ''
GPS	POS	5	I can see why people be poe about this . I be give this 5 star base on the quality of the product , because it be very nice , and not for the sneaky marketing scheme of Garmin , which would get -5 in my book . the base map that come with a Garmin GPS be rubbish . not just with respect to it not have any city street but even the lake be all deform and inaccurate . while motor out of we dock the gp show we go over land ! City navigator fix all this and it quite impressive . so ... this software be a ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE if you be go to buy a Garmin mapping gp . this be something that Garmin neglect to advertise since they know you will have to buy the mapping software once you buy the GPS . luckily I pay half retail for my gp unit so I be not quite as tick . the software unlock process be unnecessarily absurd as well .
GPS	POS	5	this be the second underwater camera I have own . the other one be a Olympus Stylus 770SW . the Olympus die on I in early April . I be think buy another Olympus , when I check out the Nikon aw100 . I decide to buy Nikon because it seem a better camera than the Olympus Stylus tough 8010 14mp Digit al Camera or Olympus ToughTG-1 iHS . in the end I be glad I buy the Nikon aw100 . it have be a month now and I be glad to say I make a good choice .
GPS	POS	5	I be very happy with this product . it be quality be just like the original item which come with my gp . this one look like and work like the original part . thanks
GPS	POS	5	I just get to use it , and it work great . the screen could be a little brighter in the shade .
GPS	POS	4	I have use a mio c310x for awhile before my son take it from I to leave for college , so I experience use a GPS Nav enough to understand and appreciate all aspect of the review by ` the Shadows ' . it be a honest , expertise and comprehensive one . I be about to buy one , though I do not like the TomTom one not to have phone number of poi that the mio do abundantly . Victor .
GPS	POS	5	this gp be a great buy for several reason : \* quick and strong satallite reading \* good basic feature -lrb- let you set the format for lat\/long . that you prefer -rrb- \* price be a great buy - free shipping here at Amazon . \* gp be accurate - especially when it begin recieve a WAAS signal : -rrb- if you have no need for street map or computer link-up ability , I strongly recommend this product .
GPS	POS	5	purchase this gizmo for my laptop chart software , the gp work very well , acquire signal fast and accurate . I could not make it work with my software but believe be a glitch with it and not the gp . however not all be lose as I can still chart the current position on the chart by just transfer manually the lat and long value . I think be a amazing little wonder and with a appropriate electronic laptop base chart software can easily replace the more expensive package offer for nautical use .
GPS	POS	4	there be two type of trip on which a gp be useful . one be find a address you do not know in you own city : be this case it be best for the last mile , deliver you right to the address you need . the chance be that around you own home or office you 'll have a favorite route which be different to what the Garmin choose , so you just have to ignore it and let it recalculate , which it happily do . the second type of trip be a drive vacation . here this machine be at its best and worst . what be good : it will take you from wherever you be to you destination address in the next town or city on you itinerary , however many mile away . it will do so with speak word , include the name of street you be about to turn into . it will also take you to major attraction without you necessarily know they address . en route , you have a choice of view . I find that in town , where there be lot of turn , you want the classic 3d view , where the car -lrb- or arrow , you can change the symbol -rrb- be in the foreground and the street come towards you . cleverly , if you be sit on a wide view , the machine will cut to a close-up view automatically as a turn approach . on the open road , however , the 3d view be pretty meaningless and you want to switch to the North up view and touch the minus -lrb- - -rrb- sign a few time . with the North up view it be like look at a traditional map : if you be drive south-east , for example , the arrow or car symbol will be point to the bottom right . by zoom out , you give yourself perspective : you can see town and attraction situate a few mile in any direction . what be bad : it take a endless amount of touch to change the view from 3d to North up and back : definitely not safe unless you stop the car . also , and this be serious , for smaller town , either they do not bother gather local information about one-way street and other restriction , or the information they have be out of date . case in point , Natchez , Mississippi , a town where all major street be one way , alternately go in one direction or the other . the Garmin try , try and try again to send we down one way street in the wrong direction . when we -lrb- fortunately -rrb- notice and ignore it , it then recalculate to take we round the block and back on to the same one way street in the wrong direction . eventually we give up on it and find we own way out of town , thus negate the whole point of have a gp . there be other , less serious niggle : for example , if you just want to visit the downtown of a city , there seem no way to tell it that other than make up a fictional address : we find that most town have a 100 Jefferson St or Washington St. anyway , once you get use to it , the device be fun and most of the time useful . it be very small size mean you can not only easily travel with it , you can also remove it and take it in you pocket when you park you car . if you hate trail wire , the Garmin have several hour of battery life and can be recharge with any mini-usb charger , probably the same as you cellphone use . all in all I be glad to have it on vacation , but they really need to sort out the local information problem and build in the ability to create shortcut to favorite view .
GPS	POS	5	it be very useful for I because i have lose the original ... it make the same effect ... cheap and now i can use the gp normally
GPS	POS	5	you have probably read how the guidance be not perfect and I be not go to tell you otherwise . but any time I have find myself get mislead I just use the map and regular map reading skill to start move in the right direction . the device will recalculate and you be on you way . with the clear , concise voice direction you can still concentrate on avoid other car . so what if I miss a junction\/turning - I just keep follow the purple line ! and yes - when you take it on the plane it can be a little slow to get it be bearing . but the 15 minute ride in the rental car shuttle be usually enough for it to figure out where it be . slap it on the windshield and you be ready to go when the barrier go up . finally , the interface be just how it should be - the button logic be clear and operation be exactly as you would expect . no complaint apart from the occasional minor route error . when I use map print out there be many more error and a lot more stress ...
GPS	NEU	3	we be use this gp unit to measure we horse ride . the display be a bit difficult to read while ride . the documentation clarify very little and be not in depth at all . scroll through the various mode can be tedious . it do keep track of avg speed and max speed . we have yet to figure out how to easily start a new lap . they could do a lot more to make the interface and documentation more user friendly .
GPS	NEG	1	as far as the mount system go , the windshield mount look and work as if it come out of a 25cent bubble gum machine . it rattle all the time and when it do not it be only because it have fall of the windshield , the stay power be all of about 15 min . the actual Magellan be okay apart from the occasional two city off locator . if I sound sarcastic I be because I really dislike the product .
GPS	NEG	2	before use this mouse , I have a lot of pain in my wrist and finger from heavy computer usage in the office -lrb- 9 hour a day , 5 day a week -rrb- . initially , this mouse virtually eliminate the pain that I have in my wrist and index finger . but after a month or two of use , I develop new pain in different part of my hand . so I switch back to a conventional mouse . I switch back and forth with this mouse and a conventional mouse every couple of week for a few month , but stop switch when this mouse suddenly stop work . now , I use a conventional mouse and do hand and wrist exercise -lrb- I find a great video online but can not remember where I find it -rrb- daily . the exercise have help more than anything else . in my opinion , save you money and do not buy this .
GPS	POS	5	my c340 unit be the first and only gp device I have ever use . I do quite a bit of research , read review and advertisement , ask other rv ` ers etc. . I purchase it primarily for use in my rv , just complete a 4500 mile trip through the US Midwest and Manitoba and Ontario . it be great , fall off the windshield once but I think that be my fault . after make sure that the suction cup and windshield be clean , that never happen again . I download the instruction manual prior to purchase , but the unit be so easy to use that the manual be not necessary . it could be improve in locate highway rest area and rv park . some be some program . we cross area where gasoline station be as scarce as hen 's tooth and the c340 be great in locate and guide we to gas station , a couple be off the highway and could not have be find with out the c340 . some of the feature I like most be a -rrb- if you misunderstand or miss what the voice prompt say , it will repeat : b -rrb- it can be use as a compass and speedometer . it will tell you you exact speed and direction : c -rrb- ease of use . on the negative side , once in a while , a turn instruction be too late but after I learn to pay a little more attention to the screen information , I find that I have plenty of time to be ready before the voice prompt . most of the time there be adequate notice . when a turn be miss , it immediately tell you how to correct the course . thing that would make it even better would be : entire route planning and display include estimate drive time and distance . for example , if I be plan a trip from Pittsburgh to Dallas , I would like to see the entire route and estimate drive time . of course that information be readably available other place . and Garmin do advise the user to use the c340 as a guide , not the sole input . for the price , it can not be beat !
GPS	POS	4	first , as everybody have comment . . the display on this 3790t look AMAZING ! compare it to ANY other gp and the difference be almost like black and white tv in 1956 to today 's hdtv ! the Display not only look good it be very use-able in any light . . even direct sunshine hit it be screen . I have a top of the line Magellan ... you can barely see the screen when it get very bright out . anyway , I would rather talk about a few quirk or negative as I feel a review should help one decide if the pro of a device out weigh any negative . my first major con be that I have only see the Juntion View screen pop up maybe 3 time in over almost 2 week of drive . I live in NY and there be a ton of Juntions I have pass thru . the 3790t doe show lane assist -lrb- the arrow which lane to be in for upcome turn -rrb- BUT it simply almost never show a juntion view . I actually return my first unit think it be simply defective . . it be NOT . so from my experience you be barely go to see juntion view on this unit at least in NY . I have read other review that state they see a lot of juntion view . . but in NY unless I have a second defective unit ? ... you can almost forget the fact the 3790t have juntion View . as a side note my Magellan show a juntion type view at 1,000 time to one vs this unit . my second con . . be more about refinement . this darn gp be roughly $ 400 depend on the deal you get . the voice inside my unit sometimes though rarely , will crack . meaning . . if a map be zoom in or or out I have notice the voice break up . this have only happen 2 time in 2 week . . but in a $ 400 unit this be unacceptable . another con for I be my first unit freeze up the minute I decide to NOT follow the gp 's route as I know a shorter way to go . I have to re boot it . . all be well but again ... refine ? $ 400 no ! my last and maybe biggest con be traffic ??? what ?? this Garmin be tell I there be a ton of traffic on my route YET my radio 's traffic report be not mention any traffic where the Garmin be tell I it be . also the Garmin be auto re route I off my route because it think there be a ton of traffic come up . well . . I do not listen to the Garmin , and there be no traffic where it say it be . on the other hand . . one time the 3790t tell I all road be clear . . while I be sit in traffic , barely move 10mph on 55 mph road . so it have be my experience that the traffic feature be near useless . or at least maybe it be a hour or 2 behind reality . that be say my Magellan 's traffic feature be just as useless . so after all this complain why do I still give it 4 star ? well . . overall I actually love this unit . overall it pick excellent route , I like the timing of the voice tell I where next to turn . . it be very difficult to miss a turn with the 3790t . . it be excellent at guidance . I choose a female New Zealand voice -lrb- build in -rrb- and it be very refreshing to be able to change voice ... as one voice can get monotonous after you own a gp for a long while . I love the size of the unit . . more than as a toy . . it be so pocket able a huge plus over the other dinosaur gp unit out there now . battery life seem good and overall construction seem high end . . except I get a little creeky sound on the small plastic part on the back if I press on it , that also house the speaker . the voice quality be awesome blow away the Magellans . . -lrb- I do not know TomTom -rrb- . . and it be loud as you can stand . Voice command -lrb- you speak to the unit -rrb- be near excellent though you may need speak rather loudly or it may just stare at you . : -rrb- I do love you can even use you voice to choose you custom favorite . however you only get 5 favorite at a time to choose from . if you do not see the one you want . . you have to say DOWN . . it will scroll down another 5 and another 5 -lrb- or it be 4 at a time -rrb- do not recall . eventually you see you favorite . . choose the NUMBER next to it . . and bam , all by voice you can start navigate . I wish you could say the name of you favorite -lrb- as in speech to text -rrb- ... say you name you favorite Mike 's place or whatever you have it name . instead you need scroll possibly thru 100 's of favorite till yours be find via voice . of course you can simply use the screen and type it take a second actually BUT so much for voice command then . lastly one feature common to I think all garmin which I love be within favorite you can see all the favorite near the one you just go to . my Magellan can not do that . . and be I be in sale . . this be a wonderful useful feature cause i may have a customer 2 block away from where I be and the 3790t will tell I so ... which may have skip my mind otherwise . to sum up my book -lrb- sorry -rrb- this be truly a wonderful unique great gp . . with excellent route . . which be why we buy a gp . I just initially want to point out some negative as too often review become almost like a team event . . mean I love Garmin . . or Panasonic or WHATEVER , often that cloud be objective . . I want to be objective here ... all in all quirk and all , I think this may be you favorite gp of you lifetime . . till the next model improve on he one `` somehow '' highly recommend !!
GPS	POS	5	this be my second gp -lrb- I upgrade from a eTrex Legend -rrb- and I love it ! it do a excellent job keep a signal when in the wood where my old one would not have have a signal at all . I also like the digital compass and altimeter even though I think they would just be another toy feature when I buy it . I have some map load on it now too and with a 1gb card I can hold most all of the US . you can also save the track to the memory card . the navigation feature do not seem to work well for I though but I think that may be because I be use a old version of Mapsource -lrb- v7 -rrb- . overall I would highly recommend this .
GPS	POS	4	with the great disappointment from the Garmin c330 DOA , out of the box and immediate satisfaction come with this tomtom 300 unit . it have many language , voice , and great shortcut for local road . this unit have a durable support arm , easily usable touchscreen and simple route instruction with mode to tailor the route to eliminate ie : toll road . the voice prompt be highly accurate and hold true to instruction within 100 ~ 200 yard . I be still figure out the compass and car speed and why they be not there on the screen . the unit take sd card and I believe some can be order for other area . overall , I be highly impress with this .
GPS	NEU	3	well , I be not go to write volume since other people have pretty much express a lot about it . I will say this be my first gp and I love have one . I go on numerous trip and often arrive late at night in big city I be unfamiliar with . it have save I on numerous occasion . if you ever even wonder if a gp could help , trust I , it will . however , my biggest gripe be the voice recognition . I feel I enunciate well and that my grammar be good . this little contraption be terrible when it come to recognize voice command . I have friend and family try to talk to it and it do not understand any better . I think this feature would be nice since I be a stickler for no texting and that include punching in road command . as for find road , it be about 98 % accurate with obscure side road be a problem except one major road in Chattanooga that it could not find because it know it as a different name . I also do not care for traffic too much . I go through all kind where I live and nothing be on the device to indicate it . other than that , a gp be worth its weight in gold ! I agree with other people on here that this particular unit be not worth the extra money . find another that speak to you -lrb- very nice -rrb- but wait for extra bell and whistle till Garmon get the quirk iron out .
GPS	POS	4	I have run 3 marathon and I be eye my fourth in a few month . I do not know the exact distance of my training run , so I decide to buy the Forerunner 201 . but then I notice that Garmin have another model call the foretrex 201 . the other model have WAAS enable which mean up to 3-5 time more accurate reading ! also it have other gp feature that the Forerunner lack . however , the Foretrex lack feature like calorie count and pace -lrb- minute per mile -rrb- . but I do not need a calorie counter and I can do math -lrb- go 7.5 mph be equivalent to 8:00 minute\/mile pace -rrb- . furthermore , I hike once in awhile so this would be a nice little addition to my hike . so I order the foretrex 201 and test it out . it work really well , especially in dc . I have be use it for about 2 monht now and I have yet to lose a connection . it work in cloudy weather -lrb- do that several time -rrb- and near building and near tree . it seem like people be have trouble with the forerunner 201 and it be accuracy . I do not have such inaccury with my foretrex 201 , maybe because it be WAAS enable . I use Sportsim software -lrb- free download from sportsim.com -rrb- to download the track onto my computer and it display pace , route , distance , and elevation . you can even put a map on the background and see you route in reference to a real map . this be how I check the accuracy of the device . on all of the route I have download and overlay on a map , it have be spot on -lrb- actually , it be sometimes off by a few meter , it be not perfect -rrb- ! conclusion : the foretrex 201 and Sportsim be a killer comb if you want to keep track of accurate time and distance .
GPS	NEU	3	Garmin have several feature that relate to the time of day . some example be sun & moon time , estimate time of arrival . if you have travel into a different time zone out of you original setting , the GPS unit leave it up to you to calculate the correct time base on you original setting . this be very inconvenient when you have travel from the west coast to the east coast thru four time zone . it also provide a problem when you destination be right on a time zone border . a cell phone automaticly change for time zone , but NOT a GPS unit that can calculate exactly where you be in the world ???? this be a Garmin overlook that I believe they should correct .
GPS	NEG	2	the GPS unit be impressive , but mine keep drop the satellite signal and recalculate to a different destination . I try download the latest software from they site , but it do not fix the problem . Amazon be replace the unit and I will see if the new one work correctly .
GPS	NEG	2	bottom warped and constantly slide off dash . Poor product . I would not recomend it . Navgear have a better dash mopunt .
GPS	POS	5	I be very happy with the Magellan map 330x gp . I have purchase it because , for the price , it be better than any of the other brand . it have a good battery life -lrb- 9-10 hour from 2 aa depend on how often you use the light feature -rrb- , and come with map software which be a must for this type of GPS . the feature it have meet or surpass other product in its class . the only problem I have with it , be that in order to see any local street you must be zoom in pretty close , but you can not expect much more since the screen be only about 3 `` x2 '' . I feel that its very accurate ... with the map software I can see all of the rural street around my home . sometimes it take a while for the unit to orient its self , but once it have go through its cycle it stay lock on , even in my basement . I do my homework on this one , and I would recommend it over the other brand , unless they can come up with a better package ... though the other might have product in the same category , they do not package they gp with the software and the datum cable so they can ding you with the cost of buy it later . ... it would be worth you while to do some research before you buy though , so take the time to look around on the above web page , and visit epinions.com to help you make a sound purchase .
GPS	NEG	2	the description say '' ... you TomTom EASE guide you door-to-door with turn-by-turn speak instruction INCLUDING STREET NAMES . '' it do NOT speak street name . this be word so carefully so as to cover they ass but it be deceptive .
GPS	POS	5	I decide to purchase this Garmin for my upcoming trip to Rome and Venice . I be attract to it because of its european map , as well as its pedestrian -lrb- walking -rrb- mode . I be a little hesitant at first as some give it mixed review , but I decide to take the plunge . well , I just return from Europe have use the Garmin nuvus 1370t extensively in my travels and all I can say be WOW !!!! before my trip , I download the City map on the Garmin site for both Rome and Venice . this give you very detailed information for the individual area you be go to and I would recommend do the same if you be go to be walk around . remember , this unit do come with Europe install so this add on be just more detailed information . walk around Rome and Venice be a joy with the 1370t . my family and I walk everywhere and never get into a taxi . people be ask we direction after awhile ! I find that we would venture out in any direction we want because we know we could always make we way back . it help you plan you trip give you the most interesting site to see in and around where you be . in Venice , everyone be glue to the map in they hand . they have to stop at every intersection because it be so easy to get lose in that city . even look at the map in they hand , they be still lose ! the Garmin allow I to explore with ease and not have to stop at every turn to reacquaint myself to where I be . now be this thing perfect ? here be the deal . in Rome and Venice , you be surround by tall building that cause problem for the gp reception . that be not Garmin 's fault , it be just the reality of use a gp receiver . in both city , you lack of reception last only a small amount of time and then you will enter a better reception area and you unit will update itself pretty quickly . lose reception , while walk , be really not a big deal . you already have you way map out on the screen , so you follow it even though it may not be update you precise position . this be a absolute must buy for those travel . I have also use the automobile mode and it be outstanding ! here be a few wish list for future update . in walk mode , you do not know which way to begin walk . you have to walk a small amount in a direction , look at the screen and see what direction you go , then adjust to the way you be suppose to be go . this be a bit frustrating . next , when you in a unfamiliar city , it would be nice if the unit could give you some restaurant recommendation base on user review , price etc. . right now , it give you a list of all the restaurant , but in a unfamiliar city with a family , it would be nice to narrow that list down . in walk mode , I want to know how much longer I need to walk -lrb- in mile or part of mile -rrb- to reach my destination . it give you this information in automobile mode but not in pedestrian mode . bottom line : this unit will help you explore with confidence and reduce you stress while travel so you can spend more time enjoy you vacation !
GPS	POS	5	many user of the Garmin e-Trex bemoan the limited availability of map-datum for they unit . this be not a problem if they have the serial-data lead accessory , the GPSU application , and TextPad 4.6 or Microsoft XL .  by take a good quality map of a area of interest , scan the map and create a bitmap image -lrb- use Photoshop element , for example -rrb- , which be then load into the GPSU application so that a map-data file can be create . this file can then be open in TextPad 4.6 or Microsoft XL so that the datum can be arrange in alphabetical order and catalogue section . it can also be print out if need be .  i do this for northern Ireland by scan a good quality roadmap , and load all the datum into the e-trex . -lrb- e-mail I if anyone want the file -rrb- .  this procedure can be apply to any country or region . the only restriction be the e-trex 's memory capacity .  there be not a ` where be I now ' feature , but select the screen for speed , etc. , bring up a option to display - continuously - where you be and be go , without the need to mark a waypoint , like I do when the e-trex be first get .
GPS	NEG	2	this gp be nicely set up and isnt too hard to operate . the bad side be that there be no website support for the US and it have a tracking problem . this could have be the one I have , but when you stop , gp keep flip you position around as if you be rotate in a circle . when you take off it have to reacquire you position . this be a problem if you be in a area with a lot of street where direction happen often . I would recommend get another gp from another company .
GPS	POS	5	have be a Garmin user for over 5 year , I always love the look and feel of the map and user interface . it be time for I to get a new one and I definitely want a larger screen . the screen of this model be just amazing : it be a lot bigger compare to the 4.3 '' screen model , and quite bright even under sunlight . I only keep the brightness at 60 % and can still see where I be suppose to go while keep my eye on the road . that be huge ! I also find the `` lane assist with junction view '' feature particularly useful . another big perk that come with this model be the lifetime map update ! I have not update map in my previous model because of the additional cost and do get lose a few time . now I no longer need to worry because the map get update a few time a year !
GPS	POS	5	this be my first gp watch and I could not be more pleased with it so far . the forerunner 305 feel well make and do not lose signal even when I run through wood . the best part in my opinion be be able to easily download all of the datum from you run when you get home and even overlay you path over Google map and Earth use free 3rd party tool . it would be nice if the watch be smaller , but it be light enough . other than that I would not change a thing .
GPS	POS	5	se lo regale a mi mama , es muy comodo y facil de usar , por otro lado el a & ntilde ; os libre es fabuloso , se conecta automatico al ensenderce el gp . lo recomiendo por su tama & ntilde ; o y facil oxidad de usar
GPS	POS	5	this be my second Garmin navigator , I drop the first and break the screen , so do not drop it ! I use it extensively all over the U.S. and Canada . I just charge it up and set out . the instruction it give and clear and correct . the street name pronunciation be sometime off and rather hilarious , but it work . I also use it walk . there have be a couple of time it do not find the address I be look for , in Canada . also , I be not sure how they select the business , but I have find 2 of the gas station it recommend closed -lrb- one of they for year ! -rrb- and a famous pub on Vancouver island be inexplicably miss . these be quibble , I take it with I wherever I go , it have change my life -lrb- as in , I get lose less often -rrb- .
GPS	POS	4	I just receive this unit today about 3 hour ago . after play around with it and take it out for a short 20 minute drive , I think I get my money 's worth . install map to this unit take almost a hour . 1 . dvd setup copy everything to you computer . 25min 2 . Select state and it zip it or something . 15min 3 . copy map to i3 unit . -lrb- -lrb- 5min -rrb- 4 . acquire satelite . -lrb- ~ 5min -rrb- I be able to add . VA , MD , NJ , NY , de , pa , wv . I might have add couple more but I be not sure . I also add couple customer pous that I download from some site . screen size . I be afraid it might be too small , but actually it be not that bad . plus with voice prompt , all I have to do be glance at it from time to time to see if I be on the right track . Navigation . it might be the map , but sometimes when I pass a intersection , I do not see anything on my i3 unit . or the name be different . I be navigate to my office right across the street , but i3 tell I to make left turn and go around instead of just head straight . I have 2005 Civic and mount be kinda tricky . first , I place it lower middle of the windshield , but it be hard to reach . so I place it right on the center , it be easy to reach , but the cable bother I . I need to find the perfect spot to place this , or get battery . be a first time GPS user , I be not 100 % satisfied . may be I be expect too much for this price , but I think the whole calculating\/locating\/navigating \/ get from satelite could be little faster . but I be very satisfied for this price . I be go on a trip to NY tonight and we 'll see if it be really worth $ 300 or I should have pay couple extra for a better unit . -- Edited Nov 29 , 2005 . I come back from my trip to NY from DC . it be great . I lose signal in tunnel and in the middle of NY city , skyscraper , but it come back alive pretty quickly . I leave the unit zoom in , and it zoom out automatically when I be on highway go over 60mph . it zoom back in when I get off highway . Pretty neat . it also zoom in when I need to make turn or exit . the only issue i have be the map . it would be nice to be able to setup the map to show gasstation , restaurant , restarea , etc. . if I be look for mcdonald , I have to search and see map on every single mcdonald from the pous to see which one be on my way and not far from my route . another neat thing with pous be that they also provide phone number with address . no more 411 necessary . it be small enough to fit in my civic glovebox with the car adapter . I love it .
GPS	POS	5	if you buy a Garmin 60Cx , you need this to protect a great gp !
GPS	POS	5	I have use top-of-the-line hike gp unit from Magellan , Garmin , Delorme , and Lowrance and this explorist 710 get the highest grade ! it simply do everything and do it well . not only be it superb for hike and geocach , but it also will deliver door-to-door speak direction turn-by-turn . the build in camera do a great job at grab those `` I wish I have a camera right now '' shot . it have a large screen which be easy to read in sunlight and the intuitive touchscreen control be well think out . I do not understand the criticism from some of the reviewer here . if you want high quality video , then buy a high quality video camera ! do you really expect hd 1080p video from a hike gp unit ? come on people get real ! the only other gp that come close to the 710 be the Garmin Montana , but since the 710 come with Summit city map as well as complete US topo map pre-loaded , it be clearly a better deal ! highly recommend for hike and geocach !
GPS	POS	5	I absolutely love this watch . I be a little nervous about buy it after read some bad review but I be soooo glad I buy it . it be true , it take some time to acquire the satellite signal but I have not experience a drop in the signal . the GPS be very accurate . I map my route before run and when the watch say I be do ... I be do ! you can set it to let you know when you reach certain distance . I have mine beep every mile and it help my run along . also , I love breakdown it do , on the computer and the actual watch . base on you setting it let 's you know what you pace be for each interval , you average heart rate , and you max heart rate . another plus be that it be very easy to load my run from my forerunner 305 to my -lrb- ... -rrb- profile . and base on the information you can plot different part of you run against each other . I must say I just love this watch and you should definitely get one !!!
GPS	POS	5	I do a lot of research before I settle on this Tom Tom . awesome tool and very reliable ! the only change I would make be that I would add a sun visor with the kit . wonderful device !
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin nuvi 1450 GPS work great . the direction be clear and easy to follow . we use the index of attraction while on vacation and the unit be easy to program and very user friendly . the screen be large enough to see the map .  Garmin nuvi 1450 5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator
GPS	NEG	1	the product you purchase today may not be what you eventually end up with . TomTom have a habit of `` upgrade '' the gp with feature they think you want . this be do by remove feature you have come to use and like . for example , the original gp I purchase have a auto-zoom feature in 2d map mode , so as you approach a turn , it would zoom in on the map . this be very helpful when two street be close together . now this only work in 3d mode which I find useless . they also take away the direction of travel associate with the compass -lrb- n , s , w , se , etc. -rrb- . now you have to figure it out by look at a little blue arrow that spin around . expect to spend a long wait time on the phone for customer service and have they tell you `` well , that be the way it work now '' .
GPS	NEG	1	it stop work 2 day after the Amazon return window close . I also do not like the way you have to plug you cable in `` upside down '' .
GPS	NEG	1	simply put , i get it out of the box , try to charge my iphone on any of the 2 port in 4 different car . . it never work , maybe the product be loose or defetive . . I do not know Update : as the reviewer say below , mine also come with the name as Lenmar and not xtg I do not know if that change anything
GPS	POS	5	Great GPS . my old Garmin be four year old and miss the charger . the suction cup keep fall off of it . I purchase this one for a trip to South Florida . it work like a charm . great investment for someone who travel . it be idiot proof !
GPS	NEU	3	I like my garmin Etrex Vista . it be easy to use , seem sturdy and reliable .  major disadvantage : 1 -rrb- the only way to connect this unit to a computer be via a rs232 interface -lrb- old technology -rrb- . I purchase a non-garmin usb-rs232 converter cable but have not be able to make it work ; 2 -rrb- there be no way to connect the unit to a 110 volt source -lrb- read battery -rrb- . I jury rig this by purchase a cable that connect the unit to a car cigarette lighter -lrb- also have a rs232 connection -rrb- and purchase a converter -lrb- $ 5.96 -rrb- that convert 110 to 12 volt with a cigarette lighter output . it work .
GPS	POS	5	I have one of these stick on my Garmin Oregon 450t and I can not even tell it be there . it get filthy and I use the touch screen all day , and the screen protector do not get in the way . it have not have to prevent any big scratch yet , thankfully , but I think it would do just fine .
GPS	POS	5	can you believe I buy this from amazon for $ 154 ? and free shipping ! this thing be awesome - the menu be very intuitive . we charge it up and it be ready to go . the feature be really cool , you can choose a category , like restaurant , shopping , lodging , and the nuvus will pull up a list of nearby option . turn by turn voice guide direction . ca not wait to take a trip ! way to go AMAZON , excellent deal !!
GPS	POS	4	decent beginner level gp for geocach only . prior to purchase this item I be use a iPhone for Geocaching . the battery on the iPhone drain rapidly when Geocaching . the eXplorist gc have a excellent battery life . it be accurate at get to the coordinate . it can store quite a few cache with all the necessary datum and hint , waypoint , etc. . price point be 50 to 75 % less than other gp device . instruction that come with the unit be useless . you must download the manual from the Magellan website . even then I have to go to some forum to get some answer about the unit . biggest con about the device : it do not have a internal compass ; use gp reading to plot you direction . if you be not move , there be no way to tell what direction you need to go . as a result , it be easy to start in the wrong direction until the directional indicator get enough reading from the satellite . also , you can display the long\/lat coordinate of the cache , but you can not do a side by side with you current coordinate vs cache coordinate . accuracy be about 10 to 12 foot of cache -lrb- iPhone can be 100 foot off -rrb- . paired with a hiker compass this unit work quite well .
GPS	NEG	1	about a week after I purchase my Handspring Visor I buy the Magellan GPS . my first reaction be `` the instruction for the battery be wrong ? '' as you know , in most aa battery device , there be a spring on one side and a piece of metal on the other . generally you put the flat \/ negative -lrb- - -rrb- end of the battery against the spring and the small knobbed end of the battery against the battery . and in most of these case the battery will be in opposite direction to each other . this be where the GPS be unusual . although the battery do face in different direction , on one the batter negative\/flat side be against the spring , and on the other the spring be against the knobbed -lrb- + -rrb- end . not only be this counter-intuitive , it just look wrong . ok , so even though it be against my better judgment , I put the battery in as direct and it work . however , within one day -lrb- less than 2 hour use -rrb- it freeze my Visor whenever I connect it . I replace the battery and the same thing keep happen . I call tech support and they essentially tell I that `` there be something wrong with the GPS , it act like that when the battery be low '' but I try 3 set of new battery and get the same problem . they say I could return it for a refund and I send it back , only to get a e-mail that be a duplicate of the original shipping order . I think they have receive it and where ship it back to I ? so I call they again and they say that they have a problem with they refund confirmation , but that they do receive my return and I would be credit . another problem - the startup instruction state that the cd-rom include have a online manual - but that be only readable by pc - not for mac . I call tech support and they mail I a print version of the manual . I could not believe that they could not be bother to make a pdf version of the file that could be read by any computer use a free Adobe Acrobat reader . the file be easy enough to identify and load into my pda but I do not find it easy to use -lrb- this be before the manual arrive -rrb- . it be not intuitive and definitely more difficult to use than a map . individually any one of my above-mentioned complaint could have be tolerate -lrb- even send it back for repair\/refund -rrb- but all together I think if I be have these many problem so soon after buy it , how will it be after any length of time ? I have never purchase any other electronic device that have more problem within the first day of purchase . DO NOT BUY - wait until it there be a improve version that store the battery properly -lrb- I suspect that be where the power connection fail -rrb- and that have a better , easier to read -lrb- and universally readable by any machine -rrb- manual .
GPS	POS	5	this be easy to use , and in we car a real tension reliever . direction be easy to follow and we 1st time use we be drive at peak traffic time into a unfamiliar city . no problem see , or hearing , volume adj be fine . plenty of time to follow direction . take we to we destination address with no problem , stress free . when stop for gas or food it recalculate quickly . we love it . its we new best friend .
GPS	POS	5	drive through down town dc with this be a breeze . I love garmin software , it actually get I through some of the more confusing exit that be not really exit like near the kennedy center . small and easy to use !
GPS	POS	4	significantly reduce my repetitive stress issue cause by use the mouse , so it be worthwhile . unfortunately , it have no scroll wheel , which suck , and it be not nearly as precise as use a normal mouse . consequently , I leave a normal mouse plug in next to this one , in case I need it ... or in case someone else need to use my pc . I wish 3M make a more advanced and pimped-out version , with better material , better switch , and a SCROLL wheel . I would pay at least $ 100 for one .
GPS	POS	5	this be the fifth Garmin GPS that I have purchase over the year , -lcb- not include three for my boat -rcb- . the first one for my car be a Street pilot . belive I this be the best you can get . if you get bore while drive , you can look at picture you have take .
GPS	POS	5	I use to have the Tomtom one , with a 4.3 '' screen . I get this one for the larger screen . the software have many improvement , but be essentially the same . what I really like be the red light camera notification the map update service and the traffic info . if you like earlier Tomtoms , this be a great upgrade .
GPS	POS	5	I have be use my Magellan RoadMate for a couple of week now and be very pleased with it . it be quite easy to use . enter name and address be simple and straightforward . I also like the option of be able to save a location once I have drive to it in those case where I have not enter the address previously . the display be in color and well backlit so it be very easy to see even after dark . the display show the name of the street or road at which you next turn or exit take place as well as the name of the one you be on . a very pleasant voice announce how far it be to you next turn and a chime ring when you get to that intersection . there be build in address for restaurant , theater , etc. so you can find the best route to they without have the address handy . my only complaint be that when I select `` Least Use of Freeways '' and be take one of my back road , it keep route I to the nearest freeway entrance . if i continue along the way I usually go , I be tell to make a legal u-turn as soon as possible . once I have ignore that direction , it calculate a new route from where I be . I do not understand why it want to direct I to the freeway when there be a number of other road that lead to the destination . however , if I be travel in a area with which I be not familiar , it would be fine to follow the direction give and use the freeway . I would like to see this expand in newer version of the software , however , for those of we who really prefer to take we time and see lovely home , tree , shrub , flower , etc. instead of a stream of vehicle go 70 mile per hour and row of commercial building .
GPS	POS	5	excellent unit . work very well under heavy canopy . we search and rescue team be equip with these . I have to buy my own
GPS	NEU	3	when it work , it be terrific . Problem be that it be inconsistent in pick up GPS satellite . I start my run from the same location every time and the 201 vary in its pickup of signal even though it be the same time , same location , same weather . some day it work without a hitch -- and on other day , it will not pick up a signal even though it have no problem the day before . it will drop the GPS in the middle of a run in inconsistent place -lrb- again , I generally run the same route -rrb- , and when it finally pick it up again it can misjudge the mileage by up to a half-mile . I know it be not top-of-the-line , but I would expect a company with Garmin 's reputation to provide a better product . I be hope the 205 do a better job .
GPS	POS	5	I have try several other mount platform -lrb- suction cup , vent mount , spiderpodium -rrb- and hand down , this unit be better than all of they . it be extremely stable and the phone can be use in both portrait or landscape mode . great product .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this gp for a friend , and he lend I for the first week of use . it work great , help you a lot chose the exact exit lane , so the lane assist be a amazing innovation .
GPS	POS	4	. . be that the heartrate appear in very small font at the right corner which make it impossible to read when run . there be no disply option that I have find that would allow I to look at the heartrate in a bigger font screen center . I think they try to fix this in a later model . bummer ! overall , I like this product .
GPS	POS	5	I get this from amazon for $ 450 . it be worth every penny ! I have use it daily since I just move to Tampa - it be a pretty big city but I get around without any problem thanks to the Nuvi !
GPS	POS	4	a gp without map software be like a computer with no operating system . City Navigator definitely make life easier and if you get the 2gb microsd -lrb- transflash -rrb- memory card , you can load the entire dvd of north american map -lrb- about 1.6 gb -rrb- . I be a little surprised , however , that even with the new version 8 I be find several innacuracy -lrb- road and poi -rrb- . I realize that old road be change and new road be build and business come and go . but Garmin charge about $ 130 for the City Nav NA v8 and about $ 100 for the upgrade . I just think that for as much money as you spend on the unit , case , power adapter , mount , memory card and the map , you should at least be able to get update free for a period of time . in my mind , that be equivalent to a motherboard manufacturer provide firmware update for a couple of year . anyway , the cost of maintain current map and innacuracy be why I give it 4 instead of 5 star .
GPS	NEG	2	I have use a Garmin 500 for quite some time in my cycling . my main issue with the unit be that I consider the display to be less than adequate . I have try all manner of adjustment to the contrast , but alas , my cheap Cateye Strada mount alongside the Garmin shine brightly in all light situation - unlike the Garmin that cost many multiple of the Cateye computer . stupidly , have not see a 800 , and with idiotic assumption that Garmin would assuredly upgrade the display for something north of 600 buck -lrb- for the model with extra -rrb- , I have my dealer order I one . Surprise today on my first useage - it be worse than the 500 if that be possible . the only lighting that show the display clearly be when sunlight shine directly on the face of the unit . for most of my ride , I turn the back light on to illuminate constantly which help when ride in the shade , but of course just a 3 hour ride use up half the battery . I think the worst display be when ride in sunlight not directly shine on the unit - probably the most common situation . I would almost love this unit have Garmin find a way to offer a bright , easily read display . I say `` almost '' in that I stupidly think that perhaps Garmin would listen to user prior to release a new model . I have discuss the fact with they that I think that with all of the heart parameter that can be read in display window , a very important -lrb- to I -rrb- reading be the reading of maximum heart rate . of course like the 500 , that can be finally read in the comfort of you house after you stop the activity , reset the computer and then read the result of you activity . I want to be able to read it anytime I want to on the fly . I have plan to put this on my new time trial bike , but alas with the considerable effort of a all out tt , and the sometimes tunnel vision that result from such a drastic effort , I would guess that the 800 will be all but impossible to read . will Garmin EVER get it right ? I now believe that the answer be `` NO. '' between these two unit and my Garmin 305 watch -lrb- the most frustrating piece of gear ever -rrb- , apparently I be as bad as they - I do not learn very easily . __________________ Sandy Scott
GPS	POS	5	this be my first experience with a GPS unit - neither my , nor my husband 's , car have gp install , and we never really care . but I be excite to get this gp unit and see what the fuss be all about ! I install the software on my computer , update the unit , charge it up and enter in some address . we go on vacation the other day and we use this unit to get to we resort 500 mile away from home . it give clear and concise direction , the voice on the unit be not annoying , and we actually decide to take a different exit , and the unit recalculate we route . for the price , it seem like a great gp . I really enjoy have it for we trip and look forward to use it again on another upcome trip . the suction to we front window work perfectly - no slip , fall , and no residue . 5 star for this gp !
GPS	POS	5	what a world of difference have a gp device to guide we to unfamiliar destination on we recent trip . Tomtom be so accurate , we soon do not bother take the detailed road map and print direction along . we day of road trip with paper map be over ! Tomtom one be definitely worth the money . do not bother buy a $ 2000 + gp system integrate into you next car . Tomtom one will get you there for approximately $ 200 . a big bonus : you can use it in any of you car . Tomtom one be compact and fit easily in my pocket . a great buy !!!
GPS	POS	5	the Mio c220 be everthe that be write about it . the Mio arrive ready to use straight from the box . there be certain combination of option that you have to tweak for you personal use , once accomplish you will truly have a remarkable and affordable gp unit . I read many comment prior to buy the c220 . the few con that I read about the product , -lrb- I be convinced -rrb- , be due to incorrect setting . once you have the correct combination of type of road you will use , or the route you prefer , -lrb- fast , economical , or most direct route etc. -rrb- , I have find it perform without question as the best unit at the best price . I would definately recommend this unit to everyone .
GPS	POS	4	the gp be almost great , however i be disappointed that this one do not play music . otherwise i love it
GPS	POS	4	I love this thing . ok - my wife hate that I love it but she do not want to give I direction half the time anyway . so she argue with the way it route sometimes - which can be amusing . it be a excellent deal for the money at around $ 200 discount . the only feature it be lack be wifus which I buy a sdio card from e-bay for . of course browse on a pda be not as great a feature as it seem and when I be use the SDIO card , I do not have my 2gb sd card - oh yeah , you need a larger card to load more than a few state at once . when travel , it would be nice to have a usb travel charger to connect it to my laptop for power as the include wall wart + cable be a bit annoying to carry around and run out to the car to charge be also a pain . not sure about the reviewer complain about the mount - it be actually a lot better than I would expect but some cleaning of the windshield help to make it stick better . I have not have problem with the map be outdate either although I believe they be -lrb- ... -rrb- . my wife do like to play game on it - mainly the puzzle type so sometimes we fight over it . support be a bit slow but in the end come through for I . a few time in the begin it would crash on long trip but it have not crash in a while - I tell it to backup every now and then just in case . I would not recommend this to a non-technical person look for a gp to stay in the car as there be larger , more expensive model for this but for someone look for a pda with gp capability , it be a win-win for less than a cost of either in most case .
GPS	NEG	2	I use this exclusively for road cycling . first the good : it do amazing thing . it track everything faster and more completely than you can with a spreadsheet . there be feature I would like to see but I be hope the improvement can come with future softare and firmware download . the output be better than you can imagine . the graph be really informative . I find myself over analyze my ride . the free -lrb- for now -rrb- link with motion base software allow you to see you ride superimpose onto Google Earth image . wow ! now the bad : the unit freeze up on I third time I use it . none of the reset work so the help line -lrb- only open during business hour -rrb- suggest I let the battery drain . 14 hour later the unit do function correctly . 3 day later the unit lose the ability to find satelite . this time the help desk be no help at all and suggest I either return it or send it for repair . the estimate turn around time to be 10 day . they should handle repair like Verizon and send a new unit fedex and have you return the broken one . Amazon.com do not have the same price so I send it to Garmin for repair . in the meantime I purchase a new one locally and I 'll return it when I receive the repair unit . guess what . 1st day out the hr monitor work only intermitently .
GPS	NEU	3	the Garmin Deluxe carry case for Street pilot be well make , but be too small to accomodate much other than the basic Street pilot . if you want a bag large enough to hold the Street pilot 2720 plus accessory such as dash board pad , 12-volt adapter , and A\/C adapter , you may want another bag .
GPS	POS	4	there be some road not find in the garman . some road be missname , but even with these fault , I have take many trip out of state and to other place and it get I to be I be go . I would recommend this product .
GPS	NEG	1	TomTom support supervisor first tell I that I have a defective example so I exchange it . two week and several hour of my time later , I be tell by TomTom support that the problem be that this model be incompatible with Mac computer . who know and frankly I do not care at this point . nothing in TomTom 's manual or Amazon 's sale material to indicate map and firmware can only be download through a pc . I be just irritated that TomTom apparently have a license through Amazon to waste my time . this be the first and last TomTom product for I .
GPS	NEG	2	Magellan GPS be `` ok '' . it beat have nothing . I purchase they top end unit after have great success with Magellan GPS in my Hertz rental . do not know why exactly , but there be almost no similarity between the consumer and commercial line . Navigation be a b + on a generous day . ca not see the screen in the daylight . charge for map updat be too expensive . here be what you really need to KNOW before you buy a MAGELLAN MAESTRO or ROADMATE GPS : MAGELLAN will not fix you unit if it go out of warranty . they will not try to fix you unit if it go out of warranty . yes , that be correct , if you gp be out of warranty , you can not ship it to they for repair - they will not take it . you be stick with you broken item . Tuff ya know what . they be however so very thoughtful when I call for support . they have a `` loyalty program '' where I be offer MAGELLAN 's lowest end gp at a higher or near same price as I would pay at Amazon.com or Walmart . keep in mind , I spend hundred on thier top of the line . wow , thanks so much . I 'll tell you what I respectfully tell the support phone rep. follow a post of this review , I 'll be on my way to Garmin.com to obtain my next gp unit .
GPS	POS	5	I buy the 305 from Amazon over a month and a half ago . I be to run a 5k the next day and hadnt try the forerunner before . I go ahead and wear the forerunner for my first 5k just to see if it would be able to perform and I be pleasantly surprise at how well it do ! this be by far the best purchase I have make . I use it for my run everyday and upload my datum to connect . -lrb- ... -rrb- as soon as I come home . its so much easier to not wonder or guess how far you run and what you pace be since the forerunner do all the hard work for you . I have be able to enjoy my run and improve my endurance a lot more by track my heart rate and slow down when it touch 170 or higher ... I have never lose the satellite signal and I run mostly in area cover with tree . I turn the forerunner on and then do a a couple of minute worth of strech before I start my run so the forerunner have already located the satellite and be ready to go . I can not imagine run without it and I highly recommend anyone who be into run or biking to get one . the only thing I have a complaint about be that hit the power button to turn the backlight on be a pain ... I wish there be a easier way to turn the backlight on ... I use the backlight regularly since I do most of my run at night .
GPS	POS	5	I have several piece of equipment in my front room that need a internet connection , and I do want to run ethernet cable all all through my house from my router in my bedroom . I have a friend recommend the Netgear WGPS606 wireless Print server . so I take my buddy 's suggestion and purchase the Netgear print server at a very good price at Amazon.com . I now have everything hook up and work like a charm , and it be all wireless . I could not ask for better . it be not hard to hook up , and configure .
GPS	POS	5	I love my new TomTom ! I previously have a Garman but my dog chew it up . since the price be better on the TomTom i decide to try it . for I it be easier to see and it offer more option such as notification if there be traffic delay ahead . I also appreciate the fact that map update be free for the TomTom . Amazon offer a great deal on this and ship it quickly .
GPS	POS	4	a big feature for this unit be the lifetime traffic and map . more and more manufacturer be do this and it be great for we the consumer . make life a lot easier and we will hook the unit up to the computer to get the map . while do that we will update the software too , which might not happen as often otherwise . I have use various tomtom before as well as many other gp unit . this unit have a great screen . big and easy to see . unless you be get sun on it . screen get wash out in sunlight . the menu be fairly easy to use and maneuver , but can get confuse at time try to figure out where to go . IQ route be great . nice to have that in calculate route . but cancel a route be too complicate . Satellite lock be quick and solid . Lane guidance and exit sign be great . in fact TomTom seem to have more of they than other unit I have use . I like the flash green arrow to show you what lane you should be in . nice , visual feature . big complaint I have be the mount . it be way too hard to attach to the windshield and the GPS have fall off more than once . give I the traditional mount please ... these ez mount be anything but ez . not a bad gp with some nice feature . but ultimately , I need to be assure the unit will stay put and be able to see it in the sun .
GPS	POS	5	this Nuvi be a great product . have a Street pilot before and the Nuvi take a little time to get use to the difference but well worth the little extra effort . the only problem so far have be try to download the map update . love the slim design and larger screen . glad I buy it and would again .
GPS	POS	5	my husband buy this for I for training . it be great . it track my mile and then I can plot it compare my progress . the heartrate monitor be also a great feature . it be easy to use .
GPS	POS	4	my first Garmin NUVI 1450 be steal after a few month . I do not wait any time before buy another since I love the first one so much . I love the altitude feature for when I be travel to Colorado , hear direction from a female with a british accent , and appreciate the accuracy of the information -lrb- intersection , sign , distance , etc. -rrb- . for the price you can not go wrong .
GPS	POS	5	I be very , very pleased with the Garmin 305 . so much so , that after 3 month of use , I buy one for my wife . the biggest selling point for I be the relatively small size , and the great reception . one of my colleague opt for a Timex model that have a gp unit strap to he arm with wireless to a wristwatch . he almost never use it because of the poor reception . one frustration with the Garmin , though , be the software they provide to analyze you workout datum . the software have very limited capability and frequently make error in associate the type of workout . at least once a week it combine a bike workout with a run workout , even though the two workout be on separate day and I be very careful to reset the watch . combine the two make it a `` multi-sport '' workout and put all the datum into a separate category . one suggestion to Garmin -lrb- besides improve they software -rrb- be to make a version that can be worn in the water . since I dabble in triathlon , I would love to gather datum in the water , too .
GPS	NEU	3	this be my third TomTom . they have all be pretty good . this latest one have a great screen . the magnetic mount be a little hard to get use to , I be not completely there yet , but it do hold the device securely . the lane assist be very good . as I say I have have 2 other TomTom 's and 1 Garmin . I prefer the TomTom over the Garmin in most category except one . the point of interest feature of the TomTom really stink . the Garmin be far superior in this respect . navigate the pous menu on the TomTom be tedious , confusing , and when you give up and decide to spell what you be look for it `` can not be find '' . I sit in front of a Kohl 's department store and search for it and TomTom could not find it . in another instance it send I to another state , by ferry boat , to a Walmart , when there be one right down the road . buy the TomTom be a no-brainer because of the lifetime map and traffic feature but I see now where other be start to offer this also . overall this be a nice device but if when travel the pous feature be important to you I can not recommend this product . if you be look for a device to simply get you there efficiently this may be for you .
GPS	NEG	1	i would like to know a phone number to call a amazon representative because i order a gp on April 27 but i do not receive yet i make a claim via email but i never receive a response from amazon or any third party this be my review about my purchase . i hope somebody read this and get a rapid response . my email address be wilmar.barrameda@gmail.com[ -lrb- ASIN : B00005B4BJ Garmin GPSMAP 76 Waterproof Handheld GPS -rrb- -rrb-
GPS	POS	5	this gp be simply fantastic !!! a employee at a car rental place talk I into try it out during a business trip to Atlanta last year . I be very hesitant to try it . however , I instantly see the light once I start use it . I have not travel without it since . I use to be a die hard map quester for all of my direction , but now all I need be my Garmin StreetPilot c330 . this gp make travel so much more care free , easy , and of all thing spontaneous ... just like travel should be . the interface be easy to use , and it be very helpful to have all of the map already load onto the GPS . it also come with a cigarette lighter adapter for you car and a usb cable to connect to you computer . its a bit spendy , but well worth the investment .
GPS	POS	4	I own 6 gpss and use they on my bicycle , boat , canoe , car , truck and while hiking\/hunting . all be Garmin product . I like the 1450 so much that we now have 2 in the family . for the price , it can not be beat .
GPS	POS	5	I purchase this unit for my wife -lrb- a real-estate agent -rrb- . I do a lot of comparision and read a ton of review on GPS unit , leave money out of the picture I focus on two thing that she needs\/uses on a daily basis . itinerary -lrb- multiple address -rrb- and two possible saftey feature . this allow up to 10 address for a itinerary that she can rank in she order , this be probably the main reason . Second be safety , this have a buddy system , which allow another tomtom owner to see where you be . now we have not use this or test it yet , but it do have some capability for I to track the device -lrb- will do in the future -rrb- . I could not find any other device that allow any sort of tracking\/locating . so this win out . the device work great , she love it . we use it for two vacation and it work flawless , do not give I the route I want to take for we trip to N.C. -lrb- which no gp unit would have be able to do , because I go a specific route -rrb- , but be still extremely helpful . for we other vacation , I have no clue where I be go and it do a perfect job . it do not say street name , but that be a preference that make no difference . for the money it be perfect , and I really do not see any other reason to purchase a more expensive model , do not need another mp3 player or photo viewer . I would have gladly spend more if it be need , but I need GPS for a real-estate agent , and I could not find anything that be better than the tom tom one v2 . -lrb- I be not consider buy the v3 -rrb- thanks to all who take the time to leave a review it help I tremendously !
GPS	POS	4	I recently move to the Phoenix area and have to drive all over the Valley . this unit do live up to they promise out of the box . if you go to Garmin 's website , you can download update driver , computer to c320 unit interface that allow you to customize the unit for you purpose . with the standard sd card slot , you can upload huge area with good detail . the address or site imput be quick and easy and the detail be so good that it will even tell you on which side of the street a location be . this unit save I so much time and trouble travel from point to point . I can not wait to download 3d topo map for off-higway driving .
GPS	POS	4	this thing work . receive it yesterday and I just have about 3 hour toy and try my Garmin c330 and man , I be happy and very proud with this unit . the display be superb and do not expect it to be better than TomTom Go 300 & Magellan 700 which I be able to use as well . the color auto mode be perfect in my taste . never have problem with sun glare although not fully test with a scorching California sun . I love the huge amount of poi . I could easily find nearest establishment like mcdonald , Costco , Circuit City . you may also find poi along you route and in city you specify . poi category be well-thought . Night spot , amusement park , city center and more . noticeably , no bank nor atm category . but you can easily find the bank with spell name . no Quick Spell though like Magellan . but the search be smart . just search for WELLS and it will find you place with WELLS anywhere in the name . the navigation , another big surprise for I , be the best among the unit I have test . we all know we best route and in a junction that both TomTom and Magellan keep tell I to turn left , this Garmin tell I to turn right which imo be the best route . Bravo to Garmin ! the signal reception be very much acceptable . never lose a signal especially when WAAS be enable . I could get a 4-bar signal inside the house . the guide voice be so good . I could still hear it so well even when my window be open . this unit have good speaker and well place . snap it in and out of the mount be really a snap . and the mount be sturdy and firm . although the make look cheap which in this area , I prefer the TomTom suction mount . but this be much better than the Magellan mount for windshield where it make my mrm700 dangle like a bobble head . more good news . I do not know if this will work in Europe but man , the time be automatically set for I . I love it . ok . I have say a lot of good point . now , here be the bad point . not much but best to tell everyone so you can decide for yourselve . poi be not show while on the drive map . the favorite be show though . you may see the poi only in the browser map . route can not be save . ugh ! I know that before I make up my mind for this unit . but still , I love to save my route -lrb- use my natural intelligence with the local road -rrb- so I will not be annoy to be ask to use road and\/or highway that I know I have a better alternative . I also read from current user of Garmin that map update be not free . very bad customer support imho . Garmin should not charge update and if they give it freely , they 'll certainly win more business . Alright . the bottom line be Garmin c330 be a very good unit . I have not try the TomTom go 700 nor the new Magellan Roadmate 760 . but GC330 be far superior in comparison with ttg300 and mrm700 .
GPS	POS	5	product work wonderfully . touch screen work perfectly . the insert for padding to make a tight fit be a big help . I would recommend this product to anyone .
GPS	POS	4	before purchase this Garmin I have down-grade nuvus that I really love . in my experience Garmin nuvi be the most user friendly gp out there , but after close to two year my map be completely outdate and it become virtually useless . I look at buy map update , but they cost $ 100 and that be just for the U.S. ! this model have a few great upgrade like a icon to show you what lane you should be in if a fork in the road be approach and you can choose the level of detail you want the map to display . the down side : there be advertising occasionally , which be irritating but it be fairly subtle , I imagine that be how they pay for the lifetime map update . it display the speed limit and you speed , which be nice , but you speed turn red when you be speed . once again , a little annoying but tolerable . finally , it come set in safe mode and therefore will not allow you to operate it if the car be move at all , but a option pop up to disable safe mode when it happen . once I disable it , it never reappear . for you gp to work properly you really need to update the map once a year , so when you put that into perspective -lrb- at $ 100 a update -rrb- it be really a amazing deal . overall I love it ! if it be not for the advertising I would give it a 5 star rating .
GPS	POS	4	this be a nice portable gp device , but there be flaw . understand its limitation can make expectation tolerable . pro : customizable voice -lrb- everyone love this -rrb- , bluetooth capability to receive and make phone call , nice color display , adequate voice prompt , point of interest in system surprisingly helpful . con : no option to limit route to paved road only -lrb- ask Kim family how important this one be , as the same thing almost happen to I and my family -rrb- , no ability to save current location as favorite -lrb- unless address be recognize -rrb- , bluetooth compatibility be very limited , some bug in system cause crash if address be to rte road , no ability to plan route on desktop then transfer to portable , no ability to manipulate or customize favorite on desktop and transfer to portable . newer system may merit you attention if these flaw be address , but this be not a bad device at a good price .
GPS	POS	5	I buy to use in my adventure in Patagonia -lrb- treking in Toores del Paine and El Chalten -rrb- with my girlfriend , and it survive all weather -lrb- and help we survive too ! -rrb- .
GPS	NEG	2	out of the box it be great . Easy to understand , big bright screen , multiple option for voice , etc. . . I get it as a birthday present -lrb- 4\/28 -rrb- and I be already feed up with it -lrb- 5\/1 -rrb- and send it back . the unit 's be really fickle about turn on . I have already have to hit the Reset button 5-7 time . also , the car adapter and the home cradle do not charge the unit either . it may have just be a bad unit , but I be try one of the other brand next .
GPS	POS	4	we have a build in GPS in we vehicle but decide to purchase the Nuvi 1450 LM -lrb- refurbish -rrb- for we upcome vacation . it be almost cheaper to purchase this than to rent a gp at the car rental . have be use it for several week now to make sure we know how to use it . really like it - bright screen , good adjustable volume , and direction that be readily understandable . in some way I like it better than the install one in we own vehicle . be a little concerned about refurbish but have have no problem . Make sure to read the direction and then play around with some of the feature until you be comfortable with it . I would recommend this item . the one fault I have with this be the downloading of map - mess up my computer for about 24 hr . I have a Mac and run window on it - try to install on the pc side -lrb- big mistake -rrb- . when I take it off the pc side and reinstall on the Mac side - no problem . map downloading be still very lengthy . this item be purchase through Amazon but ship directly from Garmin . ship be free and we receive it in less time than expect .
GPS	POS	5	I be impress with the customer service . I normally purchase extended warranty , but rarely have to use they . this service be for a Garmin GPS Forerunner 305 . I be very impressed with this company associate with Amazon .
GPS	POS	5	wow , buy this at a good price with all the cookie . get you right there even in remote area .
GPS	POS	4	we buy this gp , we first , and we be happy . order it and have it deliver to my aunt 's house just when we arrive in the States . we be reasonably happy with this except that in highway 1 , the gp be say there be gas station nearby but all we can see be the edge of the cliff . also , there seem to be no preloaded european map ? do anyone know how i can get these for we next trip to France ?
GPS	POS	5	my route learn a new route `` over time . '' I need it to lean a route this time . it need a activation , the time I train it , the time the person who know the route be in the car ... this business of `` over time '' be fuzzy .
GPS	POS	5	my husband be not like I and will not stop to ask direction , especially when we need to traverse congested or suburban , or even rural area . we have a 5th wheel travel trailer and enjoy go about the country periodically . I buy this specifically for he to use when we travel in two vehicle in the event we become separate in traffic . we do travel with walkie-talkie but I want a good system for he in case of problem . I particularly like the instruction , `` such as do not take the next turn but take the road immediately follow , '' the advance notice of road or direction change , and they be simple enough for anyone to follow ... and it be hand free , unlike use the walkie-talkie . I want a gp with lifetime update so I pick this gp over a less expensive unit . due to we aging eye , I also choose the larger screen , and actually like the 5 '' screen although I would have love the 7 '' screen . I have no problem see the GPS screen , even located 2-3 foot from the driver 's seat . I would not want one less than the 5 '' screen . I hope you enjoy the GPS you select and I strongly recommend this model .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase Motonav tn765t on November 14 . another review be need for the delivery service particularly for the falsely `` claim attempt delivery '' by the USPS . the Motonav tn765t set up and operation be easy and intutive and easy , but this unit take too long to search for the GPS satellite . my Motonav tn765t come preload with map that be more than one year old . as direct in the product manual I go to Motorola website , -lrb- ... -rrb- and -lrb- ... -rrb- , as direct in the product manual , page 22 , for product registration and map update , respectively ; but I do not find any weblink neither for product registration nor for map update . I find product registration section somewhere else at Motorola website for all consumer product , except the Motonav line , and speak with a customer service agent at Motorola who do not have a answer , but finally give I a phone number to call back during office hour during the week . in summary my conclusion be that Motonav tn765t and the motonav line have either be discontinue or this model be no longer be support . give that Motorola sell the Motonav tn765t with more than one year old map , and there be no apparent product support , this turn out be a bad purchase . give my experience I will not recommend the Motonav tn765t and any of the navigation product in this line .
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin nuvus 350 be the best gp system in its class that you can buy . Amazon be have a incredible sale when I buy mine about 6 week ago . I do not necessarily need the mp3 player built-in , but hey , it be only $ 20 more than the next step down of the Garmin GPS system which do the same as the 350 . I do not travel a lot , but it be very handy when I go out to Dallas to see my brother . I want to go to a art museum after my flight land . I pick up my rental car , punch in the address and voilum ! no problem . I really enjoy the feature that help you find restaurant , gas station , etc. . it find we a great coffee bar when we go to a town we have never be in . it give we the name , address and phone number as well . the great thing about the 350 be that it speak the street name . if you can afford it , get this feature . it be a lot better than try to decide at a major highway intersection which of the 3 road that merge to the leave to take . I be very pleased with my purchase . Birmingham , AL
GPS	NEG	1	I do not know if it be only mine , but in about 10 % trip it lose the way , one of the obvious mistake happen near my house . the real distance be less than a mile straigh but GPS make I turn and it take I around by small one-way street for 30 min till I give up . and what be worse my husband trust it to take he to Newark airport and it take more than 2 hour -lrb- instead of 1 hour -rrb- and he almost miss he plane . I do not know if I can return it and try maybe TomTom GPS . I have 2 friend with Garmin that also lose they way from time to time . I do not find any other problem with the device , I think interface be easy and unless it lose way totally - it be perfect in make d-tours and finding place . though it be own database be very poor , for example it can not find TARGET store in White Plains , NY that be open 5 year ago , therefore one have to find the exact address and go by it . in my experience it also could not find Staples , Bestbuy in Scarsdale and Wal-Mart . I do not even try to locate small store . well ... anyway it be better than nothing and in case of emergency maybe a lifesaver .
GPS	POS	5	I be only try to find a cable for my exist cf gp reciver , and this product be the same price as the cable , and come with the gp reciver as well ! well worth the money !
GPS	NEG	2	this incredible gadget have so many feature it make you feel like you be a member of the Enterprise crew . it also have enough menu and screen to leave even hardcore electronic gadget junkie satisfied . yet , it have one shortcoming - it do not work half the time under real life condition . perhaps if you be in a open desert or a similar terrain it be reliable , but even with light tree cover -lrb- 20-25 % -rrb- or hill nearby it sadly report `` weak signal '' and can not calculate you position . to I , all the other feature be a icing on the cake , but without be able to fulfill its primary mission , it become but a expensive electronic paperweight .
GPS	NEU	3	the display be nothing like what be picture on the web site . the sharpness , black and white , just be not there . it do not come with a print use manual . it do have a manual on a CD if that be the way you like to study a use manual then go for it .
GPS	POS	5	product exceed expectation . very easy to use . convenient size . use a great deal when travel on business and pleasure .
GPS	POS	4	buy this one to replace the one I leave in a rental car . it be identical and work great when you use the sticky pad to hold on dash . Mark
GPS	POS	5	the Garmin Nuvi 350 be my third gp , and it be by far the best unit I have use . as a avid GPS user , I can not express enough praise for this unit . with its large touch screen , complete U.S. street map , built-in mp3 player , jpeg viewer , voice output navigation , this be one sweet unit . I hook be up out of the box , and it work perfectly for I in just minute . -lrb- to discover all its feature , however , I admit that I do have to scan through the paper manual , and then I read the . pdf manual that be include with the unit . -rrb- this be a extremely simple unit to use , and it be very intuitive . at first , I think I would not like its limited set of screen and menu , but with use , I have come to appreciate how Garmin simply remove the clutter that multiple option give I on previous unit . most shocking be how inexpensive and yet powerful this unit be . my last Garmin be a Quest -lrb- with color screen -rrb- for which I pay about $ 500 in 2006 . this Nuvi be much faster , have a bigger screen , and provide far more capability than my previous unit . for I , this be a quantum leap forward in technology in just a 2-year period of time . I really appreciate the fact that it take a sd card . I buy a 2gb card and have load almost 30 cd of music , and there be still room to spare . I just plug the output of the Nuvi into my car stereo -lrb- via a cassette adapter -rrb- , and I no longer have to carry a bunch of cd with I any more . some thing this unit do not provide include track log , route , and a few other odds and end , which I think I would miss . but within a very short time , I realize I do not need those thing to navigate with ease . thank you , Garmin , for make such a compact , intuitive , and feature-packed unit . the Nuvi 350 be a real winner for both novice and experienced gp user .
GPS	POS	4	I buy this unit for hike and hunting in the Rockies . like other reviewer have say there be alot to like about it . Garmin do a great job of packing 10 lb of stuff in a very small package . but , there be some negative to point out . the button and user interface software be the weakest point . because the unit be small , the button be on the side except for the `` click stick '' . I have a hard time use the `` stick '' with glove on and invariably push down when I mean to push to a side as a example . I also have a hard time press the small side button with glove on . I find some of the screen and menu option counterintuitive but learn to navigate they after several mis-step . battery usage be high . screen size be small so this probably be not a unit you want to use in a vehicle .
GPS	POS	5	I have have the product for a couple of month . this product be great and do everything advertise . all function appear to be quite accurate . yes it be not fashionable , but its a fair tradeoff for the map and compass function that come in really handy when hike . everything be very intuative . the only complaint I have about the product be the 1 + min startup time require to locate the GPS satellite .
GPS	POS	4	have only give the unit limited use , but quite pleased so far . good feature . like compact size . Easy control . good visuals\/audio . well design .
GPS	POS	5	this be the best , I so love it . I would recommend it for everyone . the screen be very easy to see , both in sunlight and darkness . it seem very accurate and have yet to get I lose .
GPS	POS	4	as a QC Inspector for the nation largest cable tv provider , I drive all over state , and it be great to have a gp that work . I be able to enter multiple address of location to visit , optimize the route and take care of business . the only two minor issue be : the first , I would like to have option of have the farthest job first from start point when optimize , versus the closest from start point . the second be when I re-route due to road construction or something similar , the unit take a few moment to respond so I be leave in limbo on the street . do not let these two minor issue sway you decision on not get this gp . the positive be : the screen be exceptionally good size to see while drive , the audio can be hear over radio , the map be update for lifetime via computer download from Magellan website , there be also a traffic alert button to advise of any possible issue ahead . all in all , I give this gp device 4 out of 5 star and would recommend to driver for work or pleasure .
GPS	NEU	3	my rino 520 be almost the most awesome electronic gadget I have ever purchase . the 2-way radio work great - better speaker sound and range than any other radio I have own . almost great gp with the color screen and optional topo mapping . user friendly interface . above all the location feature of a fellow user be the killer asset . if the unit work perfectly I would highly recommend anyone to buy it . but I must add my agreement to previously mention issue : my screen go blank occasionaly . come back on after a power off-on cycle then sometimes will stay on long term , sometimes require another off-on cycle . the optional topo map usually show some incredible detail about very obscure road , but yet have not be update to a major highway reroute in my state which be complete 30 year ago . overall I would definitely buy another of these after know the bug have be work out . for now I be glad I own it even with the bug . look forward to when Garmin correct the quality issue .
GPS	POS	5	excellent BETTER THAN the PREVIOUS one WE HAD that be stolen while VALET PARKING . this time when WE VALET PARK WE will take it with US
GPS	POS	5	I buy this for my husband -lrb- with he input -rrb- as a Christmas gift . he be still thrill with it and he friend be envious -lrb- even better -rrb- . it have become `` the toy '' to have among he buddy . on the practical side , it be extremely useful in he work as he often make delivery or `` pick up '' in remote or unfamiliar location . the unit will `` recalculate '' easily when make different turn decision than the one give .
GPS	POS	4	Garmin nuvi 1350LMT 4.3-Inch Portable GPS Navigator with Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates  if you do not need all the `` bell & whistle '' , then this fit the bill with turn by turn voice prompt + `` lane alert '' in busy traffic . no , it do not have voice recognition should you often wish to change destination while drive , i.e. delivery , on the go info. , etc. . the 4.3 '' screen fit in you pocket\/purse easily & accept walk info . for city tour , hike , etc. . I just wish Garmin 's update be more time efficient !
GPS	POS	4	the Nuvi 350 be a easy to use GPS that anyone can operate . I have use it to find address and landmark in both the Seattle and Portland area . the interface be easy to use even for someone that be not technical . I have run into out-of-date business reference -lrb- the business have close -rrb- and it sometimes have trouble with complex freeway interchange , but always sort it out and get you head in the right direction -- even if that mean find a alternate route because you miss a turn . I recommend it .
GPS	POS	4	I like Navman pocket pc with gp . it be simple to use and have enough feature for those look for a pocket pc to store email , contact and some file . also good companion while on Road -lrb- I name this gadget with my wife name - show direction while move -rrb- 2 bad thing about this product ; 1 . map be old , not sure how to get latest map . 2 . I be still not able to connect to my wireless router -lrb- comcast broadband -rrb- for internet access .
GPS	POS	5	purchase this Garmin for Christmas . love the large screen and the lane assist be wonderful . have never use a bluetooth device , and now be hooked . surprisingly clear and crisp sound . would surely recommend .
GPS	NEG	1	I purchase a 760 in 2006 , with the promise that update would be available on a regular basis . several time in 2007 , the unit itself prompt I to go to magellangps.com for new update , but the website say each time that the update wold not be available until `` x '' , x be a few month in the future . but yesterday , there be a update available . for $ 80 -lrb- well , I could live with that if it be a good update -rrb- , but - a really , really huge but - it be not available by download , and the dvd they offer could only be USED on a pc !! I be stunned , and call they customer support , which confirm that I could not update the unit on a APPLE COMPUTER ! what a huge ripoff . I now have a $ 300 paperweight ... never again !!
GPS	POS	4	the Garmin c330 have a clear readable screen . the audio sound be very good . the one weakness be not its base but the clamp that be suppose to hold the unit onto the base . as soon as there be a bump or dip in the road it fall off the clamp . I have have to resort to use tape to hold it firmly . there need to be improvement of this feature . overall I like the Garmin c330 .
GPS	NEU	3	this be a good gp so far as the basic functionality go but it take a hit when it come to Satellite fix , speed of calculation etc. . pro - \* large screen , easy to read even on a sunny day . \* loud voice prompt . con - \* Slow calculation \* take long tim to get a Satellite fix if it be last use a couple of mile away from you current position . \* map datum be a little out date and free update be not available . \* no battery . Garmin c330 be a similar product in the same price range . I think that be a lot better in almost every area .
GPS	POS	4	I use this gp for a bit over a year , around 15 month during which time I drive around 23,000 mile . during that time I think it be one of the best purchase I have make . however , recently it randomly decide to stop log onto the satellite . I be outdoors , use it in area I have regularly use it and previously have no problem , I have not move hundred of mile since the last login but it still will not get a good connection . when it do it quickly go away and say it have lose the satellite reception -lrb- usually within 5 minute and consider it 'll take hour to connect that be just unsatisfactory -rrb- . I try talk to Garmin and while they do give I generic `` try this '' none of it help and they want I to shell out a couple hundred dollar for they to look at it even though it have only be in use for a little over a year . I be better off just buy a new gp system than repair it ! as such I be now look for another brand as I be unhappy with Garmin support . that be say here 's what I think of it while it work : con : - if you put in multiple destination it will not sort they by what would be the most logical order to stop at they , however you put they in , that be the order you be take to they in -lrb- not uncommon among most gp 's -rrb- - when search for restaurant or store it 'll regularly bring up location that be not there , 10 minute later you 'll drive by one on a different side of town that it do not know exist -lrb- somewhat expect but this happen much more regularly than I expect -rrb- - Garmin support : I really feel as though they be try to rip I off and just get money from I without know what be cause the problem or how they be even go to fix it - map update : while it may be somewhat standard in the industry to charge customer for regular map update I think company like Navigon that charge one fee for 3 entire year of update be serve customer more justly - inputting address : cr 528 can not be input the way it would be write on a letter , if it be not exact the 350 do not know what you be talk about - Time estimation for destination arrival be usually aggressive , I would prefer it to be more conservative so when I be on a eight hour drive I know from the start I be go to get there in 8 hour and not 7 . pro : - it will get you where you be go - before it initially break , the time it take to get a satellite connection be relatively short - customizable icon and voice -lrb- although you can not record you own or someone else be to use -rrb- - several different route choice : fastest , shortest ect - ability to program it to avoid u-turn , toll road , and ferry 's -lrb- most gp 's these day all have the last two characteristic -rrb- - routing be typically good and sensible although there be several spot in the US where it get a little goofy all in all , for the price it be at now it be probably worth it , I spend around $ 300 but do not be surprise if Garmin do not care about you or the product when it break . hopefully yours will not break as soon or unexpectedly . personally , I be do use Garmin product .
GPS	POS	5	I have a Lorence H2O GPS prior to the purchase of the Garmin GPSMAP 60c . I have nothing negative to say about that unit and will keep it as a additional or second unit . it be a fine unit for the money . the Garmin 60CX be a big step up if you care to spend the extra cash and you get a lot for that extra . turn-by-turn , color , twice the battery life , and that sweet SurFer board -lrb- or however its call -rrb- that perform in area where I use to have a error rate in the hundred and now in the ten . my first unit need to be by the car window to get a lock . this Garmin do not seem to care where it sit in the car . the City Navigator software be a bit pricy to get functional street detail , but give the turn-by-turn function of the unit , I also have no problem buy it so the unit reach full potential . if you want a solid unit , there be other out there that do fine . if you want the best you can get in a hand hold , check this one out .
