Domain	Label	Rating	Review
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this product , $ 200 to watch 3 movie and a piece of trash . I believe there should be a class action suite against this product ! somebody with the legal expertise should organize this law suit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	we set this unit up in my son room for use . the surround work well , and I be please with that . two thing we have have issue with . 1 -rrb- the unit never really turn off . its either in stand-by mode or on . normally its not a issue until you look at the next issue . 2 -rrb- the unit have a slight humm while its in stand-by mode . not a problem in a family room , but it be in a bedroom at night . have to put the unit on a power switch so it can be physically turn off .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this system after read good review . when I set up this system I immediately notice lack of TREBLE . the system do not let you adjust treble , mid-range & base but it have pre-set sound such as Rock , Pop & so on ... I try all the preset but could not get any crisp treble from any of the setting . I try it with dvd , CD and the radio but there just be not enough treble but just dull sound as if you be listen to stereo system make in the '70 . I be return this system for either jvc or Panasonic . this be the last Sony I buy as far as home theater go . I be extremely disappointed .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my parent recently buy this for I and it rock !!! it only take my dad a hour or so to set it all up and hook my exist tv , VCR , and satellite receiver to the system . the remote control be easy to use , the sound be awesome and the speaker be great ! I especially like the speaker stand , cuz I didnt have to spend additional money on stand , plus the basis be heavy so the speaker will not fall over and they look really cool . the dvd player play all my dvd , cd and cd-r too . I be very satisfied with this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have to return it because i love it ... can you believe that ? let I explain that : i be 36 so that mean im always look for the best , this be my second onkyo product , i get my first onkyo home theater in 2005 and be a bang for the buck !!! this one i buy it specifically because be only 2 speaker plus the woofer , easy installation !! i be try to avoid the hassle to install yard and yard of cable , and its only this one or the bose one . I get it today , then i install it , and after listen to it i decide to pay almost 30 buck to return it -lrb- i be honest and say its because i do not want it anymore -rrb- in order to exchange it for the top of the line -lrb- around 900 buck -rrb- because it make I remember why i love onkyo so much , believe I you wont regret it !!! when you start the config you can feel that you buy some high quality product , then one great surprise ; you have the option to buy the extra speaker from onkyo for 100 buck and convert it to full 5.1 -lrb- come with the connection -rrb- , anyway if some one complain about this , believe I , if someone complain about this home theater , be almost sure he\/she will about any other one .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system about 4 month ago and have be very pleased with it . once I manage to haul the contents out of the very heavy and unwieldy box , I put it together fairly quickly . I be impress with the multiple inputs\/outputs that accomodate my satellite receiver and dvd player . the speaker be solid , make of wood , look good , and sound great . the receiver be easy to operate though I have to leave very specific direction for house guest so they could figure it out . I can not operate the subwoofer very loud to due my apartment neighbor but it seem to put out quite enough bass at the lowest level . the only problem I have have be finally figure out how to connect everything use component video from dvd to tv -lrb- since there be no component connection on the receiver -rrb- , s-video from satellite to receiver and a\/v connection to my VCR . the Onkyo website have good suggestion for configuration . the remote be a little disappointing -- I have to go buy a Sony universal remote in order to operate all my component but it be well worth the small ... investment to be able to do this . music sound good and movie sound great and even tv come through well use the tv logic setting . this be the best system available in this price range .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after a little over a year of use a circuit board , on this ht-920 home theater system , develop a small crack result in intermittent sound . this be the diagnosis of one of they certify repair center . this system sit in the same place the whole time and be not move . the repair center communicate it be a know issue with the poor design , with the external speaker connector be part of the board . this be not in warranty period and the replacement part be no longer available . the repair center think Panasonic would replace subwoofer at no charge as they say Panasonic be aware of the issue and the new sub design have change as a result . do not happen . this be the second instance in the last 5 year where I have have a issue with a Panasonic home theater system and a know design issue . the other be with the ht-900 where a Panasonic engineer admit the defect and they do replace that system . I also own a Boston acoustic -lrb- 9 year -rrb- and Aiwa -lrb- 15 year -rrb- with no issue . to Panasonic 's credit I be very please with the 7 year old tv I own . I will not buy another home theater sound system from they and will think twice about purchase other Panasonic product . this be unfortunate as I be in the market for 2 lcd or plasma 42 '' tv and I have read allot of good thing about they plasma and lcd tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently buy this system because the price be right . I be not sure what to expect . after I set it up I be amaze at the performace . I be a little concerned about the low wattage on the Subwoofer , but not after I set it up . I follow bose instruction from they website that say to put the sub 's port face into a courner . I do this and have to actually turn down the sub to half because there be actually too much bass !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	buy this system base upon the review . bad decision . the system play cd 's fine , and the sound be great , but the dvd player skip all the time . grant some of the dvd 's we try be a bit old\/scratched , but they play ok on a $ 50.00 dvd player so you would expect they to be ok on one that cost 10x as much .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the dvd surround sound work great , but use it as a receiver do not work at all for I . when I hook up the vcr or any other device like a playstation the surround sound do not work . I only play through the front left and right channel . I be go to return it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system a few week ago , and it sound great ! we have a small living room and dont need the add boost to the bass that a bigger system would give , so this one be just prefect . it have all the feature of bigger model at a very affordable price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	first , Samsung could pack it much better . I have to return the first unit because of a huge dent on the dvd chassis . Amazon send a replacement next business day so I would not complain much about this . I do not expect it perform as $ 1000-htsystems when I place my order . but I have to say it perform pretty well consider it be a sub - $ 250 system .  pro : 1 . adequate power to accommodate a small\/med-size living room or a bedroom . -lrb- 80watt x5speaker and 100watt x 1 subwoofer , total of 500wrm -rrb- 2 . progressive scan and 3-2 pull down . pq be really good . 3 . multi-language support for mp3 disc . not sure of what language be support . so far i be able to use cdr 's in Japanese , Korean and English . -lrb- mp3 guus could be better . -rrb- 4 . chassis fan to cool off the unit . 5 . customizable menu background .  con : 1 . no Coaxial Digital Audio input . -lrb- it do have a optical input . -rrb- 2 . it cut off signal from other source whenever disc eject button be press even though you be not watch dvd movie . 3 . no component cable ? i would not use theirs but still ... 4 . remote control have a lot of room to improve . 5 . proprietary speaker connector and wire .  despite it lack some of feature ; db600 be a definite keeper for I . you can not simply beat the value , performance and feature of this ht .  \*\*\* Update \*\*\* after a month of use , i be love it . i do not know if there be any other ht -lrb- under $ 200 -rrb- do everything db600 do . you will love dvd movie with dt . it bring a theater-like experience to you living room . yet i still think they remote control be worst thing i have ever see . it probably have a range of 15 degree off of any axis otherwise it 'll not work .  the reviewer above say there be no audio output . well , there `` be '' one . a headphone jack be located in front of the unit . so with a right cable , you should be able to output audio to any device . but then why would you want to copy a dvd to VHS ? not to mention Macrovision will prevent you from copy dvd anyway . if you still need copying feature , you might want to check out Zenith XBS344 HTS . it have a dvd\/vhs combo player and cost about the same .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I only use this system for watch movie and it work just fine . I have to turn the subwoofer level down as it be a little over power but all in all this be a great system for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the shipping for this system be very fast . the surround sound system itself work great . although not truly 5.1 surround sound , each speaker synthesize sound independently to mimic -lrb- very well -rrb- true surround sound . when I first get the system I think I would not be able to connect it to my tv since it only permit optical audio and line-in audio jack -lrb- for ipod and computer -rrb- . however I use a regular audio cable -lrb- for ipod -rrb- to connect my tv to the speaker and they be still able to synthesize the audio separately . Great for video game and movie , I could not be happier for the price I pay .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this receiver be excellent . the ipod iPhone charge station be cool . need to have you own speaker for upgrade . I sell the speaker that come with unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I can report on overall success and some challenge I overcome in hope it will help other as well . first , the definition of wireless can be debate , but for the price of the unit I appreciate eliminate the really long wire snake up and over doorway and furniture to get across the family room to the rear speaker . the wireless base unit be sit right behind I now while I type this on my wireless laptop , so no interference problem . second , dvd playback be great with 5.1 Dolby Digital , although yes , there be some hiss that inspire you to move the rear speaker a little further from you head . also , experiment with different sound setting -lrb- single button on the remote that cycle through option -rrb- when the input be not really 5.1 sound . I find that stereo usually sound more full and true than use the system to create pseudo-5 .1 sound . this be especially true for FM radio . Third , I have a major confusion about VCR hookup . my tv be a low end 32 inch Panasonic CRT with only 1 Video input screen and no sound output . I want the VCR route through the speaker too , so I follow the instruction to use my VCR output connect with -lrb- red , white , yellow -rrb- component connector to the AUX 1 input on the dvd player\/receiver . no such luck at first . Audio be fine , but video be blank . it turn out one simple solution be to switch to channel 3 or 4 -lrb- 4 in my case -rrb- on the main tv tuner -lrb- not Video 1 as be the case for dvd playback -rrb- and then turn on the tv\/video option of you VCR . sound and video be then in sync and run through the receiver . I recommend this system give the price and functionality .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just unboxed the MartinLogan MLT-2 Home Theatre , and I be so far blow away by the quality and construction of the entire unit . when this unit pop up on Amazon for $ 399 during the black Friday sale , I too be somewhat skeptical b\/c I could not find any real info or review . since the purchase I contact MartinLogan and ask about this setup , and they let I know this be not make in house-but rather make in China . they do stand behind the product , and feel even at the retail of $ 1,299 its still a amazing set . for more info visit : -lrb- ... -rrb- for a receiver I purchase the Pioneer vsx-1020-k 7.1 Home Theater I will post full sound detail shortly .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	11 Dec 11 very good sound . I have have it a few month hooked-up via hdmus to a new 55in Sony Bravia KDL55EX720 HDTV . both work fine right out of the box . do not need the Sony firmware download to make the bd player work . hook it up to the internet via my wifus router and to we 64-bit Windows 7 laptop via the dnlum capability . only problem so far be the remote . the button that open the bluray tray quit work so I just use the button on the receiver . also the 970 be hooked-up to a Directv HR24-100 HDTV receiver via Sony tv hdmi sound feed back capability . 4-star because the remote have a flaw .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this Samsung hw-c560 set a few day ago , which include the reciever , speaker , remote , ipod dock and cable . I hook it up to my Samsung Blu-Ray player with a Samsung 46 '' lcd . the good : - Center channel sound be not bad , very clear speech on movie . - include cable speaker be quite long , able to reach the back corner of the room . the Bad : - front l and r speaker and subwoofer bass can sound very `` boxy '' at time - play call of duty 4 on XBOX 360 be a huge disappointment . I expect the crisp and satisfying fidelity of bullet ping and ding , but the overall sound be mid\/bass heavy with muddy treble . what a waste of a awesome gaming experience . - the Audio Sound calibration -lrb- asc -rrb- device only make thing worse , and through calibrate my room make my rear speaker disturbingly loud , and the front speaker horridly quiet . - the ipod dock be counterintuitive , and completely unusable . have a party ? someone grab a ipod and say `` check out this song '' ? once the ipod be place into the dock , the iPod menu control be disabled , and you must navigate you library with you Samsung remote . in addition , once you have the remote in hand you navigate you song alphabetically , skip forward and backward to find you song . the display read 3 of 30,000 , 4 of 30,000 , etc. . seriously ? this make the ipod dock pointless , unusable , and be a inexcusable interface design flaw . - the Setup interface consist of one line of display text on the receiver unit . then to navigate the menu , you must refer to the print guide booklet to find you item in the menu of selection choice . alternatively , you can memorize the menu of selection choice , and blindly navigate the setup choice by hit up , DOWN , ENTER , RIGHT , RIGHT , ENTER ... and here we find yet another inexcusable design flaw . the Verdict : - if you have no interest in ever play you ipod through this system , and you do not mind bust out the guide booklet every time you want to fine-tune you speaker ... then sure , throw away $ 350ish on this mediocre hunk of plastic .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I eagerly wait for this home theater system when I order it . a lot of the review say people have trouble with the password and the volume or it do not work . however a lot of people also rave about the unit . I receive the unit and it take I about two hour to set it up correctly . first thing it say at the beginning of the manual the password be 3308 and later it say it be 2001 . I can not belive people do not try both number . also people complain that there be real audio level control , but that be cover in the manual under setting -rrb- dynamics . one person say you have to eject the dvd to get this menu , if you read the instruction all you have to do be hit the stop button on the remote twice , everybody who complain do not read the manual , my good friend buy a Zenith surround sound system for $ 400.00 and belive I this unit sound just as good as he . the bass will rumble you stomach and the seperation be fantastic this unit should be sell for 3x the price I love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!! the only thing you need to know be that all the surround setting be turn off at the factory when you get it just follow the manual and you should be ok .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this hybrid sound bar and home theater system have excellent sound and fill a average room with every detail . it sound as if you be within whatever be on you tv . however , Vizio forget about important detail when make this system . the remote be cheaply make and feel like it will break easily . a fully wireless system would eliminate setup frustration . you also need to make sure the wire be fully connect or you will not obviously have full sound . however , the system be a good deal for its price and sound great .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a amazing system , not only do it play dvd with progressive scan but it also play mp3 , vcd , svcd , cd , cd-r , and cd-rw . which be what any decent audio system should do . it can pick up radio signal . and the remote be rather easy to use .  the sound be great , hook it up be a breeze . the player have a nice aesthetic to it as well . and the bass , you would not believe the beautiful bass this thing put out . I be still awestruck by the beautiful sound such a system could put out . sure , it be no where near the best , but for the price it be top of the line .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this product , along with a Samsung 55 '' lcd tv and Logitech Harmony one . I love it !! Samsung be make amazing product with great price point . because I go from a 27 '' tube tv with no ss , I be still in shock from the amazing picture and sound my new set up be put out . one recommendation I would make be to purchase a Logitech remote also . go from 4 remote controll to 1 be amazingly easy and reduce clutter . I be by no means electronically knowledgable but be able to set up the tv , surround sound system and remote in about 3 hour ! my only complaint be the blu-ray player do not always `` tune '' to the right setting when go from `` watch dvd '' to `` watch cable '' . this be easily fix by go through the help menu on the Logitech -lrb- take about 5 button push -rrb- . overall , I be completely satisfy with what Samsung have provide , customer service be so helpful and be able to trouble shoot via internet chat be very nice , no holding on the phone !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be not a living room speaker set but ideal for small room . system be simple and no frill , so installation be a cinch . the wire may be a little touchy where they connect in the subwoofer because i be experience a lot of cutoff . i have to keep tweek they in the back or reset the wire all over . it may be from my own do , possibly with wire be pull by furniture , etc. . but not sure . still seem like the connection could be a little better , otherwise , great value !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have read all of the review , and while I can see both side of the coin , be aware that sure `` it be a nice little budget system '' if you be plan to replace it next year . if you want to spend $ 220 per year on a home entertainment system , that be fine . after purchase the system and be tell by customer service after 10 month `` send we $ 200 and we 'll send you a new unit '' rather than offer any type of repair - I 'll shop elsewhere for my system . in this instance , you get what you pay for .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i buy this denon home theater package 30 day ago , i must say i be pleased with the excellent sound and the fairly intuitive ajustment on the reciever . the subwolfer be all you need and be very good . the rest of the speaker be fair at best . i buy a pair of energy cb-5 , put they in front , the front denon go to the suround back position , i have it set up to be a 7.1 use a external amp and replace the center channel speaker with a definitive technology 1000 . i could not be happier with front three now . in time i will buy another pair of energy cb-5 to replace the small denon suround in this 7.1 setup . i can recomend this system as a solid buy @ $ 350.00 or less but any more and i would buy just the reciever and add my own speaker , i recommend energy or definitive technology as these be great choice . also amazon have be great to deal with so a hat off and thank you amazon !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be truly a excellent buy . the receiver\/dvd player be not very stylish , but the speaker produce clear and rich sound , and only distort when it be turn all the way up . there be no need to run it all the way up though because the system be suprisingly powerful . the menu have a nice individual speaker setup list , so you can optimize each speaker . one word of caution though : DO NOT buy this if you intend to play just dvds\/cds on it ! the player read disk with great difficulty and only work 7 out of 10 time . I recommend you hook up a better dvd player to the system as a receiver , and use it just for the speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the ht-ddw660 have excellent sound quality include digital cinema sound , which make it sound like a movie theater . it have Dolby prologic , Dolby prologic II , Dolby Digital , and Digital DTS surround sound . my opinion be that Sony speaker sound better than bo speaker . it have 420 watt total system power . it have two analog input and a optical and coax digital input . this be all you need to transform you tv in to a complete home theater . I guarantee you will love it as much as I do !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love these speaker . my favorite feature be the night mode where it tone down the sound where its loud enough for you , quiet enough for the next room over during the night hour .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I be a little worried make this purchase due to all the poor review it receive . my system be fine , no buzz or anything like that . if you do not have a cable\/satellite box though , you will find it difficult to hook you cable into the surround sound as there be no coax input .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	be cool for a kid surround system . work for about 6 month before the dvd function stop work . the radio be extremely sensitive , i could get station that be unavailable in any other system i have own -lrb- include car !!! -rrb- the speaker be weak and the sub be overpower . after about another month of non-dvd , i be upset and about to buy another system , like a sonybox . I remove the shell and find the broken chip that have burn out . I simply use a eyeglass screwdriver and poke at it untill the dvd would work -lrb- take about a hour , but dvd only work untilll unit get hot , bout 4 hour -rrb- in the direction it say not to put anything on top of it -lrb- even ps2 or xbox -rrb- , dont ! should work fine then . anyway , find a cool feature the company install that allow they to sell the unit in asia too , in the case there be a switch lable ntsc\/pal , you can switch it to pal and play bootleg , import , and non-region code dvd ! the menu text switch to chinese or japanese or something too ... the mp3 menu be confusee but managable . if you have a older stereo with bigger speaker , i reccomend change they , the one supply be low quaity .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	beware of this product , as the dvd player will stop work whenever you least expect it . Stay away from Magavox for quality product !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not own this particular item , in fact I do not have a home theater system at all ! what I do have be the Apex 1600 and also the Apex 2600 dvd player . they be easy-as-pie to hook up and learn to use . the price be unbelievable , too ! as for most tv have the S-video hook-up , I own 4 tv ... uh huh , and only the 1994 -lrb- the newest of the 4 -rrb- , rca 27 '' one have the s-video gizmo . yeah . I have a almost identical 1993 rca 27 '' that do not have it . my oldest tv be a 1980 13 '' Hitachi -lrb- with a dial for channel 2 thru 13 -rrb- ... uh huh , but I have hook it up to a inexpensive VCR player and access the other cable channel that way . it be just in a guest bedroom at my cabin getaway . I really love read what you reviewer say about the product here ... because they help I a awful lot . I be not a techie by any stretch of the imagination . but I pick up a little info here and there , read the instruction -lrb- sometimes again and again and again -rrb- and eventually get thing to work . anyway , I be almost sell on this product . of course I 'll hook it up to the newest tv -lrb- ha ha ha -rrb- ... and it sound as tho maybe only 3 of the 5 speaker will work with my older tv . I be wait for the price to come down on hdtv ... and also for more hdtv channel before I buy a new tv . thanks to all you reviewer !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have this system for a year now and use the dvd\/cd on a daily basis and all weekend . sound be great , Video and dvd work very well . Easy to connect . enjoy it so much I replace my television with a Magnavox tv . for a apartment system you can not beat the price nor the clarity .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	System work great the first 12 month ... then as other have state . . I start to have problem with the system reading cd and dvd . you could hear the system grind try to read the disc . then the real problem start ... my system will no longer play dvd ... but it will still read cd . I would recommend not purchase this system base upon this problem also be report by other . this be a honest review of my experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I receive my `` Vizio VHT510 5.1 surround Sound Home Theater with Wireless Subwoofer -lrb- Black -rrb- '' Electronics ; $ 298.00 yesterday and I be highly impressed . I hook it up to my new 55 '' Toshiba - Toshiba 55WX800U 55-inch 1080p 240 Hz Cinema Series 3D lead tv , Black that I buy here at Amazon and it blow I away ... . . for a very low dollar purchase I get a extreme sound surround sound system . this be so easy to hook up and I have have the big high power and very bulky with wire everywhere surround system and they can not even hold a candle to this Visio sound bar multus speaker sound system . I like the 2.4 GHz wireless sub woofer that the satellite speaker plug into ... I purchase the `` Atlantic Satellite 77305018 2 Speaker stand -lrb- black -rrb- '' Electronics ; $ 28.99 and set those on top of my glass end table -lrb- rubber cushion on the three foot the speaker stand sit on -rrb- and elevate they 44 '' above the end table top they sit on . I also put my sound bar on a 3 ' be shelf above the Toshiba lead hdtv and the sound be phenomenal . BTW , you might consider buy a digital audio cable\/toslink\/fiber optic\/spdif -lrb- all those name be the same thing -rrb- and hook it up that way from you hdtv because digital optic connection be the clearest and crispest . if you want it to ride free with you Amazon order they be `` AmazonBasics Toslink Digital Audio Optical Cable -lrb- 6 feet\/1 .8 meter -rrb- '' Electronics ; $ 6.29 and you only need one . you can find they cheaper at ebay and place like that but Amazon have they name on this one prove you buy it from they ... . . BTW DO not forget to take off the miniature clear plastic cap off both end before you try to install it , the cap be for protection until the be put into use and you might have a bit of a hassle get the rubber cap out of the hole if you forget . all in all this be a very good home entertainment package with the Toshiba and Vizio ... I be enjoy it and I be into this system under two grand .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not buy mine on amazon but pay 1\/2 the price at radio shack though . it be awesome . I do not know about the dt stuff but my movie , directv , music and etc sound awesome . I be glad I purchase this system . I have have it nearly a year and I love it . I will never get rid of it unless I want more wattage but at the present time 200 watt of power be excellent !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this because I need a very small system . it have a clean sound and simple remote to use . the dvd quality be good . I give it 4 out of 5 because the dvd rom lid rise to high and hit the shelf above it . also the Blue background of the lcd panel be hard to read at a distance . this be a good unit for people who need a small package with good sound dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	fabulous ! so what do a electronically challenge person do ? look for the simplest , yet best the market have to offer . I admit I be not a `` audio guru '' , but the sound this system produce for the price be great ! I compare it with the bose 3-2-1 , and this system win hand down . my goal be to not have obnoxious , obtrusive speaker and wire overtake my room , and this absolutely fit the bill ! it be a small , attractive system with great sound . I purchase the system for sound with my LG 47 '' 1080p lcd hdtv -lrb- which I should have purchase from Amazon for a much lower price ... my bad ! -rrb- and be totally enjoy the sound with dvd 's as well as CD 's and fm radio . however , because I be electronically challenge , I have not yet be able to figure out how to make the sound come out of the tv -lrb- which be the whole point for the system -rrb- . nonetheless , I be enjoy this amazing system and look forward to enjoy it even more when I can get it to work with my tv !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	my wife and I just move into we first house and after year of live in a cramped apartment , I be finally able to splurge on entertainment product for we living room . while I have do a ton of research for nearly everything else in my set-up , I take a chance on this system and be reasonably happy so far . for whatever reason , I have buy nothing but Samsung product for we living room . 52 '' lcd tv and Blu-Ray player . I figure I would stick to the same name brand for the htib system . on the plus side , the sound quality be pretty solid , especially during sport event . it be really , really nice . music sound fine on it , too . the set-up be fairly painless , as long as you follow the instruction closely . I love that it have 4 hdmus input , which be great since I have a cable box , xbox 360 and Blu-Ray player . it make it far easier to change input , compare to have to navigate HDMI input with the television 's own controller . I be absolutely blow away by the sound of the system when play call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . fantastic stuff . my living room be a very odd shape and design , and for that reason I be glad this system have the ASC device to balance the sound . Picture if you will a rectangle on its side . my tv be in the upper right corner . a bay window take up nearly the entire right wall . the top\/north wall have a fireplace that jut out . the bottom\/south wall be where one couch be , but the staircase to go up stair be behind it , so there be actually only 1\/2 a wall there . the left\/west wall have a love seat , and the south-left corner lead directly into the kitchen area . that make it incredibly difficult to figure out where exactly to place the speaker . the ASC mic do a pretty good job get the volume level from each speaker balanced . I just wish there be a way to figure out the best speaker position without spend money to have some Geek Squad guy come out to the house . on the downside , the rear speaker be not wireless , although the cable be certainly long enough . when hang on the wall , the speaker also do not have a indentation to run the wire through , so the speaker hang on the wall weirdly . the system can not expand to 7.1 channel , but I know that when I purchase it . the system be fairly new , so my Harmony one remote have to be manually program . this have lead to a few occasion where the avr do not change input , despite repeatedly hit button on the remote . occasionally during commercial on tv , the sound will momentarily drop out for a second or so . I can not explain that one . I be also amaze by the amount of dust the speaker and avr attract . my wife and I keep we house spotless , but dust still find its way to the system and it be hard not to notice it on the shiny surface . despite my best effort , it seem like everything be cover in dust by the end of the day . I also have a Nintendo Wii , which have a composite output , and I still can not figure out how to connect it to the avr . the video input be there for a composite connection , but I be unclear where the audio get plug in . I be not a fan of the ipod connection , either . once you connect a ipod or iPhone , there be no way to select a song or playlist or anything ... the device just play . I have to set the avr to `` Video iPod '' in order to navigate the ipod and play the music\/playlist I want to . a minor annoyance , but a annoyance nonetheless . as this be my first htib , I really enjoy the hw-c560 and I hope to get quite a few good year out of it . that say , my next home theater purchase will be a larger , better set-up that work better with the living room .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	not a bad system , but beware if you be look to process Dolby 5.1 from a satellite system through this product . the aux-in only pass analog Dolby Pro-Logic .  Dolby Digital sound great from dvd source , unfortunately the engineering folk decide for whatever reason not to include a input -lrb- or two -rrb- for 5.1 outboard source .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the home theater be easy to setup , even though I do make a mistake at first , but once I realize what I do , it be easy to setup . however , unfortunately , I be not able to use it . I find out my hdtv do not have hdmus -lrb- arc -rrb- or a optical line . so make sure you have a hdtv that have those connection , otherwise , you will have a problem . I will definitely be use this when I get another hdtv with those connection . I 'll have to pay attention to that when I buy another tv . I be go to have to get it 5 star anyway , until I get another tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look at this product in store , and if you do not know you can stick a speaker cable in the intenna slot to use it as a intenna . when i be check it out . . i also notice nothing come out of the rear speaker ... then i notice that you can adjust the & amp ; quot ; distance & amp ; quot ; you be from the speaker . . this allow the system to adjust the volume accordingly . . so if the front be 5 foot away and the back be 10 foot away , but the center and sub be 2 foot away , you will still hear SURROUND ... its really cool , and i can not wait to buy they . . I have just over 200 and i need the differance . . I do not live in a apartment , and im not some punk ruch kid , but i do have to save my allowance to buy anything ... and i can not wait to play battlefield and hear the Airplanes fly overhead and im shooting the flak with the pouning shell from the subwoofer
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	my selection of the Onkyo ht-s760 be sway by two factor . first , the generally good customer review and my recollection of Onkyo 's reputation for quality component design . after a very easy setup session -lrb- the supply speaker cable be not useful except for smalish room -rrb- I insert a favorite , special effect fill , dvd expect great thing and then stunned disbelief !! I have hear better sound come from my old `` build you own crystal radio '' set , especially poor at lower volume level . forget music CD 's unless you be just look for background noise while cooking dinner .  I have no real problem with the receiver 's design or feature set other than the omission of at least one Digital -lrb- Optical -rrb- output , -lrb- they give you optical input only -rrb-  I be replace a middling good audiophile -lrb- 20 year veteran -rrb- quality system that have see better day and figure the state of speaker design must have progress leap and bound in that time but I have be sadly mistake on this point . my recommendation be ratchet you expectation level down a notch or two before install this bad boy . Rank this with the $ 299 home Theater unit you can get at any local appliance store . .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for year I have avoid panasonic -lrb- bad previous history with the company 's product -rrb- , but this unit win I back . I be in the market for a small stereo system for my home gym room . I do not want something overly boomy with thump bass , or the opposite - no bass . I also be very picky with my sound . so there begin my search .  i know I have to get just the right one to have as close to perfect sound reproduction as possible . I look at Sony 's offering and like they , except for the lack of ability to customize the sound -lrb- to tweak it to perfection -rrb- . one thing I absolutely hate be preset eq setting . they be a fine start point , but I have yet to find any good preset eq -lrb- except none or clear perhaps -rrb- . this stereo have the option to have manual sound equalizer -lrb- bass and treble control -rrb- ... nice touch !  when I hear this unit , I think the sound be full , even and gorgeous ! not overly boomy\/bassy , but very accurate sound reproduction . this could possibly be due to the 4 wire connect each speaker to the stereo system -lrb- a separate pair each for the tweater and the woofer in each speaker -rrb- .  the true selling point of this unit be the fact it have a 5 cd\/dvd changer ! component output , digital out for expansion , a AUX input , mp3\/wma playback , the list go on and on . after find the sound quality I want , it be time for consider look and this unit be exquisite ! the wood -lrb- wood-like -rrb- cabinet be a rich warm color and the silver speaker surround be gorgeous . I have leave the speaker grill off , and the entire set look wonderful . dvd playback have great quality , nice color , etc - I have it hook up to a lcd tv which hang in that room .  ... and sure , the price sound expensive , but be not quality worth the price ? I have a feeling this will last I a long time -lrb- durability wise -rrb- .  the only negative point I can find about this unit be the CD tray mechanism and the lack of control from the front . its nice , and I be sure very well thought-out and design -lrb- and have be use on all of the lesser panasonic micro stereo system -rrb- ... but the tray give a little too easily . I be gentle with my equipment and be sure I will not have problem , but seriously look at those tray before consider this unit for a household with child who might not be so gentle . the control be almost all from the remote , which I do not mind - but it make testing in the store a pain since there be no remote where I buy it ...  the brush metal on the front and blue lighting effect make for a gorgeous unit . go listen to this at the store - I think you 'll really enjoy what you hear . Panasonic make a great one here !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I just get of the phone with Samsung earlier and my dvd\/home theater be dead . my warranty expire 4 month ago . it be go to cost $ 150.00 to repair the unit , and I just pay a little over $ 250.00 when I buy it . it work great until it die this weekend . all other tv component be plug into the same surge protector and they work just fine . I buy this at the same time we buy a Samsung DLP tv . Samsung would not cut I any slack on the repair cost . I suggest you skip this product and buy something different . next time we will probably skip buy any Samsung product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the sc-ht800v dvd\/vcr home Theater be great with the exception of the remote control . it be somewhat confuse for the first few time you be try to use it . you must learn what the shift key be there for and then figure out everything else out . the manual really could use some extra pointer on remote use and hook the system to a dss system . it take I two day to ever get stereo sound come from my dss . other than these problem , I highly recommend this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I be amaze how powerful this sound once it be hook up . the system be not top of the line by any means but for the price ... WOW ! I have have no issue with the product and my only compaint be that the power switch be a hard switch , mean that you cant use the remote to turn it on and off , only to mute it . other than this , product be excellent ! EDIT : two week later one of the imput have die completly . I now only have the front input and one in the back . this be very disapointing and I be afraid that the second one on the back could die soon . I do not crank it all the way to max volume or anything so I should not be have these kind of issue in 2 week . I be consider ship it back but that will end up cost I more than it be worth I would imagine . beware .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system blow they off . I really do not expect the kind of performance out of such a small package . I immediately notice a improved picture from the progressive scan dvd . the sound have good clarity and plenty of power -- people at the other end of the house can hear the sub . what I like : - sleek silver design to the case and speaker - include VHS & DVD\/CD - nice big volume knob , not a push button what I do not like : - remote be confuse , especially navigate a jillion tiny button in the dark .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I receive the system yesterday . it do not take long to setup the system both physically and systematically . first off the dvd video performance be great and the sound if you set it up first be great . my test dvd be Terminator 2 utilize both Dolby and DTS 5.1 . both format sound great . but if you know anything about theater sound dt always come in with best high and low . the amp section for all the speaker be inside the sub module . the box will say 800 total watt . that be actually 800 total watt in RMS output power in Dolby Digital mode with 1 khz 10 % thd on front and surround and 100 hz on the subwoofer . but actually it be 470 total Watts in FTC output power in Dolby Digital Mode with 120 hz-20khz with 1 % thd on the front and surround and 100 hz with 1 % thd . both of the mesurement of power be in 4 ohm . when it come to eq-ing , it do not have bass nor treble control . it have sound field control such as Heavy , Clear , Hall , and ETC. . I be really not a fan of that , but once I get use to it , it really do not bother I because they sound good . the speaker sound great as well . automatically i think plastic speaker box except the sub woofer they would sound tinny like they be in a pop can . this be not what happen . the front be two way speaker , you get crisp high and surprize powerful mid . the Surrounds be one way speaker with Mid Punch which be essential for surround . the sub-woofer pack a powerul punch at high and low volume . but then at high volume they be a very slight hint that be not really noticable of distortion . but I be not very sure . i will have to try more movie and music to see . but I recommend not read these review on the remote and dvd tray not work . that do not stop the performance of this product . but here be my advice , you can use my advice , but my best advice be go to store , bring a dvd or cd , Play with it , learn it , and if it do not satisfy you , do not buy it . good luck
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be on a search for a surround sound system after have purchase a new 55 '' lead . well after read all the positive feedback on this system , I decide to buy ! thank you guy for lead I the right way . it be very simple to unpack and install the speaker . the back wireless speaker work perfect , they really do give you the surround sound feeling . I use to have another system with wireless back speaker but they do not sound as good as this one . also , my previous system would cut the sound often , specially with the microwave on , fortunately with this one that be not a problem . I watch two action movie last night , I be # 4 and battle of Los Angeles . both movie sound awesome , the sub-woofer really give the movie that BOOM experience . it really sound great . I be really happy and satisfied with this product . I would definitely recommend to anyone look for a affordable , stylish look system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have this soundbar for almost a month now and want to spend a good amount of time listen to it before I write up a review . for the price this be a awesome soundbar . the setup be easy and quick ; for some reason I expect the subwoofer to be wireless too , but no biggie . the soundbar itself be a-lot smaller than I have initially expect , I know it be thin but I do not expect it to be that thin . the sound that come out of those small driver be bigger than I expect too . the subwoofer + receiver be nice and convenient but do not plan on expand you sound system with it . the subwoofer and soundbar be paired nicely , the bass be generally where it should be . I have have a Sony home-theater-in-a-box which have bass that be muddy and overwhelming , this be a pleasant change . the subwoofer level be adjustable too which be very convenient for movie . tv : compare to tinny sound tv speaker , this do a awesome job . there be a big spectrum of sound tv speaker just can not produce and this Yamaha setup do a good job of fill that in . the sound be good , voice can be a little nasal sound but it be not super noticeable . the Uni-Volume feature be a big plus , it crunch some of the dynamic range but work as intend keep the commercial at the same volume as the show you be watch . movie : in term of immerse you into the movie , this system do a good job . I use the Extended Stereo mode which the make the sound more room filling -lrb- work well for tv too -rrb- . however I do not use the Surround Sound mode , you need a small living room with wall relatively close to the soundbar for this to really work at all . I try it but thanks to the wall be so far away the sound be scatter and not well image . music : this be a little bit disappointing , I be expect music to perform as well as tv or movie do but it just do not . I listen to elbow 's album `` the seldom see kid '' and immediately notice a lack of clarity and imagery in the sound . there need to be more instrument separation and overall just more definition . I be expect it to be a little bit better than it be . but this come from someone who own a pair of Sennheiser HD650s and have a pair of swan m200mkiii for he computer audio setup , if you be not a audiophile you will not notice . conclusion : for a quick and easy home theater setup , this do a pretty good job . there be nothing that it really do not do well , music be a little disappointing but it still do alright . however this system can not defeat the law of physics ... even though the sound be room filling , you can still tell it be come from tiny speaker . if you have a big living room , do not expect this soundbar to do that well , you need BIG speaker for BIG and FULL SOUND . a pair of floorstander or bookshelf speaker will do much better , even if you have a small living room . for a soundbar though , this be a nice setup from Yamaha .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a excellent deal . do it sound as good as $ 1,000 system ? it be close ! I do not think you can get near this level of performance for anywhere near this price . AV Express provide outstanding customer support -lrb- first receiver ship be defective , but AV Express quickly arrange for I to obtain a replacement without any cost to I -rrb- . receiver be a bit dated -lrb- no hdmus -rrb- and control be far from intuitive , but it appear to be a decent receiver . the automatic setup with the include microphone do not yield the best setting for my large living room . I have to manually increase the `` channel selector '' control to raise the level on the satellite speaker -lrb- front , center , and rear surround to +10 and the subwoofer to +6 -rrb- . without these adjustment the sound be just too low , and the receiver seem weak . the 5 speaker be really outstanding , though , and the subwoofer get the job do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I replace a older Sony home theater system . this system be a decent value for the money . set up be trivial , although it take longer to untangle the wire then it do to plug they in . the front side speaker be a bit stingy on wire length , however . I be hope to use the same wire from my other Sony system , but they change the plug for the unit . one set up the microphone at the appropriate place in the room , and it automatically balance the speaker , which be a very nice feature . speaker can be easily wall hang . the remote be tiny , and it take a bit of get use to when switch from watch dvd to listen to the television set . you need to push a button , although when you put in a dvd , it automatically change . there be no eject button on the remote control . the dvd player be not a Blu-Ray player , but that be not a issue for I . I use a hdmus cable , but for listen to the television only , it require extra cable to carry the audio from the unit to the television , but certainly not the heavy monster Cable need for my old home theater unit . I will look into a optical digital audio cable , which will be even less bulky . in switching from television program audio to dvd audio , there can be quite a change in sound level , which can be annoying . but I still can independently change the audio level for both the television and the home theater unit . the subwoofer be cheap look , and I have hope to use my older Sony subwoofer , but due to a change in the plug style , I do not . for the price it be a very decent unit , although it do not have the sophistication one may wish , but it come with a much lower price also . why only three star ? Tiny remote , short cable wire , cheap look subwoofer , no dvd eject button . but no real quarrel with the sound quality . when one put in a dvd with thx sound , you certainly know it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	it might work for you bedroom , but the system be not powerful enough for my small living room . the woofer be strong , but the rest of the speaker be very weak . add to that a confusing remote and long pause at start-up , advance track , and change disk , and I would rather have go with a small Sony , Panasonic , or Jensen . on the positive side ; it be inexpensive , play lot of format , it be very slim\/stylish , it be easy to hook-up , perfect ... if you be go to use it in you bedroom .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	HOW DO I get the surround sound to work with cable tv and not just the dvd . ALSO THANKS for the ipod hook up . jack
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	pick this up last week from Vanns through Amazon . setup be a breeze . sound quality be excellent . Minimum number of wire . Optical audio to fio box hdmus to tv and two set of speaker wire . decent selection of free and premium internet audio and video app . I be tempt to drop a few of my pay service and subscribe to 1 or two all you can eat download subscription . the only negative be that after I program my hatmony remote it still do not automatically always go to the correct input .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we buy Samsung 's home theater system . it work reasonably well for a very short while , before the receiver suffer a debilitating hardware fault . Samsung accept that the unit be defective and repair it . eighteen month later , the issue rematerialize , but Samsung refuse to re-correct it - irrespective of the fact that they repair job do not last . numerous call to customer service achieve nothing more than unfulfilled promise that a manager would call we back , and the follow message -lrb- almost verbatim -rrb- : `` due to normal wear and tear , it be unreasonable to expect Samsung product to last longer than 18 month . ''
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : - really nice entry level for the price . purchase at amazon -lrb- free shipping through j&r; -rrb- deliver by UPS , no damages and box come heavily protect . - with purchase of new 16 gauge speaker wire I choose , sound better . high , mid , low be enhance . - great with hdmus connection . get hdmus 6 foot cable from amazon . hook up sat\/cable and ps3 only . with my LG 1080p 47 inch hdtv picture great and after adjust speaker channel and loudness . sound very loud . rock my apartment -lrb- and in PS3 , sound so vibrant be dolby 7.1 -rrb- , even satellite speaker be good . con : - with nintendo wius , can not connect video -lrb- or i just miss rca connection , might work with component cable -rrb- though not interested to diagnose since i just have PS3 in HDMI , which be awesome ! - could not play my hand hold video recorder up front -lrb- no easy access -rrb- have to go in the back to play you handheld . other than that , it be a great buy for entry level reciever with 5.1 speaker . I be consider entry level sony , onkyo and yamaha but , i be glad I buy the denon .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	we buy -lrb- and return -rrb- this Yamaha yht-s400 . in comparison , we also bought\/returned these product : - Samsung ht-c6500 - LG LHB335 - LG LHB535 - Sony e570 - Sony HT-CT150 we also listen to 6 other soundbar in the store . if you primary goal be to save space and have hdmus input , the $ 500 Yamaha yht-s400 deliver the best sound of the soundbar . you just have to be ok with the horizontal sub . if price be a concern , the $ 255 Sony ht-ct150 would be my second choice here . if you do not need hdmus input and want internal Blu-Ray with streaming content -lrb- netflix , youtube , etc. -rrb- , I recommend the $ 450 Sony e570 as the best option . simply use you tv 's hdmus input as you hub , and run the tv 's optical out to the Sony , and you be set . if space be a issue , just run it 3.1 -lrb- do not hook up the rear speaker -rrb- . if you do want hdmus input , internal Blu-Ray and streaming content , I would suggest you do not get the $ 542 Samsung ht-c6500 or either of the low-end lg . they have issue . instead , assume you have more vertical component space , I humbly recommend you get a decent hdmus receiver and grab the $ 135 Panasonic bd65 -lrb- blu-ray with streaming -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I find this product by google blu-ray home theater . this model be list at 149.97 from Sears in Ohio . look at the retail and what other be sell this unit at I jump on this deal . the unit be a floor room model . I know that sound bad already , but the unit have never be plug in or ever turn on . it be just sit there to make the tv they be try to sell look good . the other down side about this floor room model be that they no longer have the remote or the owner manual . with that say I know what I be get into . I have read many review of this product . some great , some good , and some who have good thing to say about the unit a speaker themselves , but have all point out the same issue . that issue be that there be a whistle noise , like that of a tea kettle come from one of the speaker . grant I do buy the floor model , but it be in pristine condition . I plug it in upon arrive at home and immediately notice the same thing . there be a faint whistle noise come from one of the speaker . I put my ear up to the speaker to make sure I be not hear thing and sure enough it be there . the noise be faint and when the volume be turn up on whatever be be watch it be go . if you be someone who this kind of thing would not bother then these speaker be for you . for I , even though I pay way less than retail , when I pay a lot of money for a product , I want it to be near flawless , especially for a name like LG . I contact they customer service and they recommend some quick fix all of which do not work . he then tell I I could have it send in for repair for a service charge of 69.00 . upon be tell that I quickly make the decision to take these speaker back . I understand what I buy be not `` new '' , but the issue be of one that have be bring up by many people already . in my opinion Samsung make excellent home theater for a decent price . my advise , to spend a little more to buy better quality product . in no way do spend more get you a better product , generally speak , but if you be someone who spend the money on something , you want it to run well and have it be a product you can say , `` I be really happy about this product '' . you do not need it to be perfect , but you do want to be a satisfied customer and appreciate the hard earn money you spend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I really like this sound bar . my music , XBOX 360and PS3 game sound great . and the fact it be 3d compatible be also a sweet bonus . the only down side to this be the ipod dock . you have to pay $ 50 extra for a tiny piece of equipment just so you can use you remote control to play tune from you ipod\/iphone . I personally use the analog line to play my music . but in all , this be a great buy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	these mount be very good for sony speaker . these mount be flexible to set up in any direction and come with all the require accessory .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be a previous owner of the Vizio vht210w and be some what satisfy with it be performance . the sound quality be not nothing to ramp about but it be a much improvement from just have tv speaker . I recently purchase the vizio vht510 and I have to say I be very impressed . sound quality be amazing for the price I pay . 5.1 ch be clearly a much improvement compare to the 2.1 ch on the vht210w . besides the 5.1 ch the soundbar itself sound much more crisp from the previous model . the subwoofer give a much cleaner deep base compare to the previous model which sound a bit muffle . the remote be alot more responsive . overall , I be very satisfield with this sound system . the only complaint I have be the wire speaker . it would rather have the speaker wireless rather than the subwoofer wireless . BTW , many of the poor review for this system be mainly about durability and functionality issue . since this system be new , the first batch probably have some glitch . I have my system a little over 2 week and still work flawlessly -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- . if you be look for a affordable system , definitely consider this one . I would definitely buy this system again unless a newer model come out .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the sound quality be fine , and I think it be fairly straightforward , but I do not understand how they do not have a digital audio input , which most high-end tv have . instead , you have to use analog sound , which not only defeat the point but require a converter . it be just a bummer if you be hope to make this a surround sound system for you tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this unit and i be surprised find out that it have a great audio , nice bass , however it lack treble and bass control . I have to replace the unit due to problem with the power unit a week after I purchase it , now afer 3 month it skip some dvd 's during playback . also , the fan make alot of noise for its size .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I only get this equipment for audio , but the receiver be terrific , and the surround sound work just fine in audio mode without a tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a very good system for the price . the sound quality be pretty good and the dvd player be top notch . hook up be very easy and and system come with easy to install wiring . the manual be pretty weak so be prepare to learn the system on you own by trial and error . there be certainly better sound system out there but you will not find they in this price range . this be a very good value .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	purchase this soundbar to eliminate the lousy tv speaker of my 50 inch panny and the Yamaha deliver . Sweeeet ! do not want to hook up wall speaker and rear speaker to create surround sound so I decide on the Yamaha soundbar and I be not disappoint at all . very clear center channel so that the movie dialog be very crisp and the integrate receiver\/subwoofer just make it so clutter free . Easy install -lrb- Cable box\/PS3 Blueray player via hdmus and optical cable for Panasonic web app like Pandora , Netflix , etc. make it enjoyable to watch or play game . would recommend this to anyone look for a great soundbar for the price . get it as a Deal of the day purchase so I would recommend wait until it be on sale if you do not want to pay full price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	at the store I think this thing be go to be great . I compare this to many other system and it seem to be much better . the one thing that hook I when I buy it be that you have the capability to go wireless . FIRST unfortunately , the bright engineer at Panasonic decide to have the wireless home theater system operate at the same frequency as a wireless home network . so , if you be as lucky as I , do not expect to be on the internet and use you Panasonic home theater at the same time -lrb- assume you have get the wireless addon -rrb- . second this unit do not have any reasonable audio input . very dissappointing . I be not sure that I would have find a better deal , nonetheless I would definitely not have purchase it know what I know now .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok well i just purchace this product and I be havee trouble get it hook up . I be havee all kind of static in the speaker , as well as no sound at time . if anyone have any advice or might know what could be wrong please let I know . you can e-mail I at trinity_62@excite.com or leave it on here . I will be look on here for a review . please help w\/this problem so if anyone else have this problem we can stop this from hap to a oviously good system .  thanks ,  trinity_62
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	apparently everyone else be have a hard time with theirs . I have have no trouble with mine at all . I have have it for 3 year ; buy it brand new . the complaint I have hear about the sound and quality of the bass and treble be just nitpicky . you have many sound field to choose from , as well as night and day option for sound emphasis . many control be find on remote and can not be find on main unit , though . without the remote you will be lock out of many feature . the dt option be fabulous . if you have DTS dvd 's you will love this sony product . I love my sound system , and many of my friend love the way it look and sound compare to theirs .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... to address the subwoofer problem -lrb- which I run into myself -rrb- , it be not hard to fix . the connection cord be probably backwards and just need to be flip , or the subwoofer have not be turn on THROUGH the reciever . this be the first home Theater I have ever own . believe I when I be go to buy something like this I do lot of research . Research be what I do ! for about 2 month I read review after review , look at every system in every store , conduct interview of people who own system . after all that the Aiwa HT-D580 be what I choose . this have Dolby Digital and DTS decoder . it also have a pro Logic decoder which let you watch normal cable in surround . it have a great separation that put you in the movie . the subwoofer sound great . 50 watt may not sound like much , but it be power with little distorion even at high volume . this have a volume level of 50 . although the highest I have listen to it be 25 , and that be make my house shake . so it be definitly powerful enough for a large family room . it be also pretty easy to use all together , many thing be very self explanitory . the best thing about the sound be that it never be distorted even at high volume , many other system I look at do . if you do not have much money , want killer sound , deep bass that put you in the movie , Dolby Digital , pro logic and dt decoder , get this system you will be impressed !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	buy this system , on recommendation , in June 2003 . System develop a `` pop '' sound and would shut itself down . by the beginning of August 2003 , I finally get the replacement system and the same problem occur two month later - October 2003 . since Novemeber 2003 , I have be contact Onkyo , by email & faxing , to have this system replace , and they have not respond to I . to I , a bad system and bad customer service mean a bad company . it be now April 2004 and I still have this break down system sit in the corner of my bedroom !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	could not have ask for a easier transaction and delivery for a great home theater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I notice in some review , other be have issue with hd resolution , when run hdmus out from the Tivo hd -lrb- series 3 -rrb- to the Yamaha yht-s400 system , and pass trough the video via hdmus from the Yamaha to the tv . -lrb- the resolution be be bump down to 720 from 1080us -rrb- . since there be a lightning deal for this item at only $ 250 , I take a chance , think I could get thing to work . I hook it up , run hdmus from the Tivo to the tv directly , and then run separate audio from the Tivo 's digital out -lrb- toslink -rrb- , to the yht-s400 . on the plus side , this solve all video hd issue , and the 3:1 sound , sound great . on the negative side , when change channel on the tivo , as the receiver figure out each channel digital audio signal , it send a second-long static buzz through the speaker . this get annoying quickly when you be flip through the channel and get this jarring sound every time you switch . I have run this Tivo and other series-3 hd tivo through other 5.1 receiver , and never have this problem . so I be send the Yamaha back .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system rock ! I be the type a person who spend $ 299.00 on earphone to have the sound from from my stereo -lrb- htib -rrb- match what come out of my mp3 player , and because when it come to earphone , I believe you usually get what you pay for . in short , I be a audiophile . those who be complain about some hissing noise from the system likely do not have the speaker hook up correctly . the speaker must be connect exactly as outline or you will have sound problem . hook the speaker to my Yamaha system be not nearly as exact . my yamaha system sound wonderful , and I never think that a system make by LG could rival it when it come to sound . the LG sound better . I buy the LG because my hdtv be a LG , but the system be surpass my expectation both for tv and movie watching and for all other audio type .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have these speaker and think they sound great ! I would not have pay $ 2500 + originally but they deliver a clear sound , look great , and do not take up much room at all .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this product work great . I really enjoy the surround sound effect . the system be great . it have plenty of power for it be size . I really enjoy the look of the tower speaker , they be a good size that they be not the focal point , but compliment very well . the only glitch that I can find be with the wireless rear surround sound . it shorts out every now and again . I be almost positive it be due to interference and not because it be faulty . I have a bluetooth computer and wireless router that operate at 2.4 ghz as well . if these be off , then the signal be transmit fine for the most part . it be a excellent buy at a great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a little dd , I finally decide to purchase this system . boy be I happy I do . the sound quality be incredible , and even though I be unable to put the rear speaker behind for the full surround sound experience , I be quite pleased with what this system be capable of . there be numerous input so you can hook-up you vcr , dvd , playstation , gamecube , etc. . there be nothing like play Grand theft auto and actually feel each bullet from the subwoofer . with the click of a button , I can change the receiver from my shoot-em-up game to a nice evening of classical music . when you can sit there and actually hear the faint `` ding '' of the triangle in the background , you know you have a great sound system .  item to note : 1 -rrb- this system come with a dvd player .  2 -rrb- the subwoofer be fairly large , but on many other system this be the case . it require a separate power source .  3 -rrb- the dvd player play dvd 's -lrb- of course -rrb- , cd 's , and mp3 's .  4 -rrb- the setup be fairly easy . there be different color of cable wire for the rear speaker , the front speaker , and the center speaker .  5 -rrb- there be two remote -lrb- one for the dvd player , and one for the receiver -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I get this @ best buy when it first come out . I be look @ a sony but they do not have speaker wire with it -lrb- open box item -rrb- and I ask the guy @ Circuit City if he could call Sony and find out how I could get they and how much it would cost I . it be 55min later and the guy be piss . he wait that long to find out that Sony be go to charge I as much for the wire as he be charh I for the system ! -lrb- Sony have special speaker wire -rrb- anyway I book it to best buy and there it be the ht-db600 . I be impress with the design and it be easy to use @ the store . I look @ the other system but they all cost more . it have the same watt as the other one too . I get it and be eager to hook it up . I take it out of the box and look @ the instruction and I be do put it together in about one hr . like I say I never hook up something like this but it be real easy . I have a hd tv and xbox with all the stuff to make it hd and a sony VCR and a hd samsung direct tv reciever . it be pretty easy to get all hook up to the surround system and everything have sound . I have not have any problem with it scratch up disc or dvd or take to long to load . -lrb- a sony playstation 2 take longer to load -rrb- I have have this for 2 year now . I get use to the remote for it but it do not work with my tv so i just get a universal remote . -lrb- make sure when you get a universal remote you put all option the old one have otherwise you 'll be even more frusterated -rrb- overall this be a pretty cool system . I live in a apartment so I can not have too much power but I still piss off the neighbor . it look cool on the outside and it be not too tall so it can fit inside you entertainment center if you have one . you can also save picture on it so when you be wait for it to load , you have a picture you can look at . I think that be pretty cool . I would recomend this to all who first start out and want to pay less for something that they can use for a while and understand how everything work . I 'll be go back to Samsung to get more product in the future .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for a not very techie family we like the sound that come out of this system . much easier to hook up than other brand we buy and then return because it would not sync with we tv . we do not watch a lot of dvd , but like the sound that come out when watch tv , sport , movie and news .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the first product I purchase be the sc-440ht . First off , I could not believe it when the only cable it include be the video cable . it be a especially nice touch how in the manual it say something to the effect of `` for a even better home theater experience , hook you tv up to the system via a audio cable -lrb- not include -rrb- . '' they be webpage originally say that this product upconvert sd dvd 's to 1080us . when it arrive I see it have no hdmus output and be quite confused . if it do convert it , it would be pointless without that output . so when call about the problem , they basically say `` too bad for you , but we 'll fix the whole little false advertisement problem we have on we website ... '' fortunately , the place I purchase it from help I out with get the sc-ht740 ... this product be garbage as well . this did indeed have a hdmus output , BUT , of course , do NOT include any type of HDMI cable . again , all it include be the yellow video cable . another nice touch this manual have , be something to the effect of `` to get a true hd experience and watch you standard dvd 's in hd , hook it up to you tv via a hdmus cable ! ... -lrb- not include ... -rrb- '' any other product I have see come with any and all of the cable you would need for that product , yes , even HDMI ... another problem with both product be that they both state that they play dvd-r , dvd+r , dvd-rw , and DVD+RW , when in fact , they do nothing of the sort . I have try several different brand dvd 's , different brand dvd burner with no avail . they work on every other dvd player I have , even old 30lb out of date one ... but not this `` top-o-the line Panasonic ... '' all of these dvd 's have be finalize and be in video_ts format , so that be not the problem . Panasonic just suck . oh yeah , do not bother attempt to get any online support . for one , navigation on they website be awful . it look simple , but when you click on something to hopefully simply find `` contact we , '' it lead you to la-la land have nothing to do with what you be look for . you click `` customer support '' and it lead you to say ... the webpage for business owner . anyway , when I finally do find a way to send something up -lrb- about two week ago -rrb- they never send anything back anyway . if you be think of purchase this product , do yourself a favor and do not . buy something else .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be totally satisfied and highly impressed with this system . for the style , the output , the quality , and the price , this amw system be worth it . I be enjoy it tremendously !! I highly recommend this system . and if you have a problems\/questions regard connection -lrb- I do with the speaker -rrb- , they website be full of solution ... .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we have own Onkyo component for over 15 year now . when we decide to upgrade we exist Onkyo receiver to take advantage of the new technology for home theater , we know we want to stay with the Onkyo brand . after check models\/prices locally , we look online and come across this system on -lrb- ... -rrb- and decide to go with it . the system ship and arrive as advertised but after set it up we start have problem with it within week . we run all of we audio\/video component through the receiver then out to TV & speaker . we first problem be that when watch dvd the picture would blank out for a few seconds periodically and be not isolate to just one damage disk . the sound would continue on through these black out without interruption . for troubleshoot I bypass the Onkyo receiver with the video output from the dvd player directly into the tv . the video black out stop . when I contact -lrb- ... -rrb- about the problem , I be tell that I have to deal directly with the retailer that ship it , not Amazon . I contact the retailer and be tell that we need to contact Onkyo for repair\/assistance . since we have a viable workaround to this issue we decide to skip the hassel of disconnecting\/boxing\/shipping the unit back and be without a stereo for 6 - 8 week or more . well , about 8 month later the same thing start to happen when we be play tape in we VCR . again , I bypass the receiver directly to the tv and the problem stop . we do have other `` issue '' with the Home Theater in a Box system , such as the speaker not be very good quality , the subwoofer box rattle and we find a loose piece of wood in it . we never have a problem with we previous Onkyo component . we have subsequently purchase a new Onkyo receiver from a local retailer and have not have any problem with it at all . obviously we still like Onkyo brand and do not know if we problem be relate to purchase a `` refurbish '' system or not but it be hard not to draw that conclusion .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you be look for a reasonably price , powerful , feature pack Home Theater system , consider the Kenwood htb-205 . for under $ -lrb- amount -rrb- , this system deliver the feature and performance of many system twice as expensive .  the htb-205 come complete with a surround sound receiver , subwoofer -lrb- passive with a internal amp in the receiver -rrb- , front , surround and center channel speaker . the receiver be equip with Dolby pro Logic , pro Logic II , DTS , and Dolby Digital decoder . in DSP mode , the receiver also provide numerous Cinema mode such as Arena , Theater , etc. . .  one of the nicest feature of the htb-205 be the variety of input and output port . this system be capable of handle almost any input from standard rca to optical audio and digital coax . the high number of physical input make it a versatile system capable of handle the duty of most home theater configuration .  the htb-205 's auto sense mode be also a useful feature . when activate , the system will auto sense digital audio input from you cd\/dvd or digital cable\/satellite and engage the appropriate Dolby decoder . when the channel be switch to a analog source , the receiver will automatically transfer to the Cinema mode of you choice . this make it easy to use for the less technical user .  sound quality be excellent with 600 amp -lrb- 100 x 6 channel -rrb- of total power . Mine be set up in a large room and it definitely rock the house and then some . the subwoofer , although power by a amp internal to the receiver , provide more than enough bass to bring the onscreen action to life . the front , center and surround speaker be good as well . they provide more than enough performance for the average user although a speaker upgrade would no doubt improve the overall quality of this system . add feature of the htb-205 , such as a night mode , which allow you to compress the digital audio range to achieve full sound quality at lower volume , be uncommon in lower end receiver .  as a true receiver , the htb-205 do a adequate job as well . it be replete with a intelligent memory system to help organize you radio preset and the sound quality be on par with mid-range receiver in the market today .  set-up be a breeze with color code cable that be actually long enough to fit reasonable configuration . depend on you room size and cable route , you may need to extend the cable for the surround speaker . the largest drawback in my mind to this system be the remote control . it be small and confusing and difficult to operate in the dark while watch a movie .  all in all , the htb-205 provide a lot of performance in a turn-key home theater package for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the ht-sk5 be a lemon -- do not buy it . although the sound quality be great , the audio do not match the video when you be use a digital input , like digital hdtv . so , the lip do not match the word on any digital station . it make it impossible to watch any hdtv programming , which essentially be why I buy it .  after 3 month of deal with Samsung 's poor technical support , include ship the product back to Samsung , I learn from Samsung that they can not fix the problem , and they do not have a replacement product that would work better . the only thing more frustrating than the audio sync problem be Samsung 's awful technical support . the staff be poorly educate about they own product , they never return call or e-mail like they promise , and seem to have no concern for they customer . do not waste you money -- in fact , Samsung treat I so poorly , I can not recommend buy any Samsung product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	need something to compensate for my Samsung lcd 's less than ideal acoustic . simple to setup , unobtrusive , great separation , rich complex timbre . yes , the light indicator do stop work after a few day , but so what ? you listen for sound change , rely on visual signal be redundant .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the first one that I order didnt work right , but Amazon quickly replace it . I get a new one in one day .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this great system for a year and a half . yesterday the LEDs stop work . this seem to be a frequent complaint from owner of this unit . I chat with a Vizio rep and he tell I to remove the power cord from the wall outlet , hold down the power button on the bar for 30 seconds and power it back up . the led now work !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	get close to my 30 day evaluation period , and I be not sure if I 'll return it to Amazon ; thing be , I have not even be able to use it , since I can not figure out how to connect everything . Problem be , the manual only show the most basic or common connection setup , assume everyone have the same , generic hookup situation . no guidance in manual for the following : 1 . my cable box have no hdmus output , so I be not sure how to connect tv signal : the manual say nothing about connect it to you tv if you do not have hdmus , except the cryptic diagram show dmport adapter input into a tv 's Video input ; 2 . anyway , I do not have the `` Digital Media Port adapter '' show diagram in the manual , so I can not use that dmport to output signal to my tv , as show in the manual -lrb- pg 20 -rrb- ; 3 . Manual also mention plug in a ipod cradle into this dmport , but that would make it a input port , not a output like show on pg 20 ; so what be it ? this dmp adapter they refer to numerous time be not even show on Sony 's website nor on Amazon anywhere . and why do not they tell I that I need this adapter to connect it to the video input of my tv ??? what a lousy way to put together a user manual for a complex piece of equipment . of course there be no help number to call Sony to ask they what they intend for these situation . anyone have any idea ? my return time be run out . thanks .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this unit to replace my aging klipsch 2.1 system which actually have better bass , but be become balky and malfunction often . the Onkyo be simple to set up and run . it have a nice on screen menu that super over programing without have to interrupt anything . the sound be very good and crisp . it have amazing surround dimensionality for a 2.1 system . I like the fact that there be a minimum number of wire and that the remote easily switch between source . the one drawback be that the system must have the tv power on to function properly , there be time when I just want to listen to music from a internet source , but it do not work unless the tv be on .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	buy this system 's equivalent from Onkyo about a year ago . unless you be a true audiophile with hearing surpass a cat 's -- and do not kid yourself that you be -- then you will not tell the difference between this and a bose system at three time the price . or any other system , for that matter -lrb- yes , I know that bose be not well regard by cognoscenti despite they well craft rep -rrb- . as long as Onkyo be willing to put this out for the price , then buy it . have my system professionally install by a Circuit City contractor . do a AMAZING job , know they stuff . they home theater system ? from Onkyo . maybe a bit higher on the spec scale , but still .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system several week ago and could not be more happy with the way that it perform . every snap , crackle , and pop of a film come to life and envelope you . I watch the Matrix after hook this up and could not keep the grin off my face . the receiver unit be fantastic and offer a decent array of selection for surround sound option . anybody for beer and a movie at my place ?  my two complaint be relatively minor :  1 -rrb- the bass box do not roll out bass that you can feel . the low be not quite as deep as they could be . I think my roommate be quite happy with that , though ...  2 -rrb- the remote lack the control of some of the feature on the head unit . it also be not programmable for all of the other device that I own . I get it to turn my tv off and on but that be about it .  keep in mind that set up a home theater can be extremely time consuming . run the wire under you carpet and attching satellite speaker to you wall can be daunt . while the kit do come with some cable , it definitely be not enough to wire a larger room .  you be also go to have to purchase Audio\/Video cable to match whatever you be set up -lrb- I need two set of a\/v cable for my non-dolby Digital setup - you may need more -rrb- .  for the money , this be a all-around fantastic bargain that I would recommend to anybody without a huge bankroll .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy htx-22hdx with sks-22x for only $ 240 . what you get be integrate receiver plus 5 speaker and a subwoofer . the speaker be very good look in piano black . I connect the subwoofer with the hdmus 1.4 cable to the ARC HDMI port of my Samsung 8000 tv . I do not need extra cable to the tv . since Samsung and integrate Onkyo receiver support cec , when I turn on the tv use the Samsung remote the speaker turn on as well when I turn off the tv the speaker turn off automatically . I can also use the Samsung remote to turn up the volume . it feel really greatly integrate . the sound be great with the sks-22x package . the center speaker be clear and the subwoofer strong . I have medium size room and when I watch many blue-ray movie and it feel like you be sit in the theater . the advantage of this speaker system be that you do not have to have a bulky receiver sit some where in you room . it be very compact . the feature be amazing for the pice . hdmus 1.4 , 3d , ARC , CEC , 3HMDI in , 2 optical port , ... I would recommend this speaker system for a medium size room . by the way , I buy the sks-22x package from shoponkyo.com .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the Panasonic Home Theater System be the best bang for you buck . the only negative drawback to this system be that it be not to be use as a digital amplifier for external system - however it will do a single l\/r analog input no problem . so if you want to hook you television , hi-fi or game console , into this unit then it will have to be do via a analog line . this mean if you be look for a amplifier for several input from other sound source then this be NOT for you and at the price it be clear that the item be intend for limited purpose and be not a full blow digital in\/out sound system -lrb- be prepare to pay the $ 600 + mark for these type of system that be only for advanced system setup -rrb- . although no true digital input be achievable you can always choose a digital OUT to analog in cable as a addition . however when all say and do I have my ps2 and tv hook up to this box use analog connection and it be fine and work but really the heart of this package be in the dvd player 's quality and the SOUND . the item have 3 front speaker , 2 surround and a woofer . the sound be sublime for the price . the picture quality be well above average and the functionality be pretty outstanding . the system be simple to setup -lrb- take I 20 minute out of the box -rrb- and can play nearly every dvd disc format -lrb- include mp3 , cd-r , cd-rw -rrb- and have several sound format to choose from -lrb- dt , Dolby Digital , Dolby pro Logic , Dolby Surround and Stereo -rrb- . also each sound format have several variation for room shape and size . you can also adjust the level of each speaker individually . the unit then give you multiple option for screen size , playback type , picture quality etc. . in short there be nothing this player be miss except for maybe some advanced feature like zoom in on frame . if you be look for a out-of-box home dvd theater system then this be the package to get . the tower also look funky and the ejection system be beautiful . I would encourage those who be look for a good dvd system and who do not want to spend unreal sum of money to give this one a try . it be far from disappointing . pro : 1 -rrb- great sound and a very nice speaker system to boot . 2 -rrb- multiple sound format and disc type can be play back on the unit . 3 -rrb- the dvd player have multiple option to choose from . 4 -rrb- the quality of the dvd image beat the XBOX or PS2 any day . con : 1 -rrb- load up time take a few seconds . 2 -rrb- no true digital in\/out . however for some reason I prefer the design of the Panasonic SC-DM3 Home Theater System and think it might even be a little better .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system a couple of month ago because I want a setup to replace my CD player , dvd player , Radio Tuner and sound receiver . I also want to go digital and have more power . this be the best system ever , and the best upgrading decision I have ever make ! sure , it be work to set it up , but you can go to any store -lrb- best buy , Circuit City ... -rrb- and ask for help . as far as hookup go I actually think it be relatively simple as long as you get a digital cable -lrb- which you would be crazy not to -rrb- . connect coaxial out on the player to coaxial in on the receiver and you be rockin . all you have to do then be hook up the speaker and sub-woofer . from there you can just set it up how you want it . besides , I recommend read the manual thoroughly for any electronic device . especially with this one -lrb- both dvd and receiver -rrb- because there be so many cool little feature that you would never figure out on you own . the sound with this be incredible . music be great -lrb- especially with sub-woofer -lrb- isolate bass from treble , imagine if bass guitar and lead guitar be play through the same amplifier , that be not right , they be two separate instrument on two separate channel , as present here so you get more accurate reproduction -rrb- , and movie in digital mode be almost better than the theater -lrb- movie like Star Wars , Lord of the ring , and 007 truly rumble -rrb- . the remote for both be very comprehensive , well lay out , and usable -lrb- in fact they be almost interchangable -rrb- . if you be look for a great , powerful home theater system with great feature and truly accurate sound reproduction , look no further than Sony and especially this model . you 'll be blow away !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have Onyx and buy high end speaker -- but the sound for tv be never `` right '' . now it be !! it also do good thing to video quality -lrb- upgrade 480\/720 to 1080 -rrb- . the controller control all you video \/ audio input . it do not let you shut off you tv and just listen to another audio source just as background music ... this be a design flaw if you ask I . I would like to set up Pandora on my Blu Ray and just listen , but hate to waste the ` tron to have the tv on when no one be watch . this be just stupid for the system engineer ... ok ok , I admit that I be probably picky ... but I be a nuclear engineer and I know that it be just simply stupid not to anticipate this need by consumer . it do not let you use two remote control ... I know ; why would I want to do that ? well , those of we who be marry and want to have it loud or soft depend on whether or not we be on the phone with Daddy ... let 's just say that bose engineer be pretty stupid not to add a `` key code '' to each remote\/console so that you can have multiple remote and still not control the neighbor ' tv -lrb- assume he be smart enough to buy a bose system -rrb- -- btw , that be the lame excuse give to I by the customer service rep when I call to see why I could not set up two remote for the system -lrb- I buy a second one so my wife and I could stop fight over the remote -rrb- . now I have a second remote that make a great paper weight but be just that useful ... to say I be irritated be to understate my attitude . these be stupid issue and the bose engineer should be shamefaced for overlook these consumer expectation . also , some people will fault it for not have a ipod dock or bluetooth ; but I do not need that , do you ? bottom line -- good sound , easy to use and set up -- some stupid engineering flaw that may make you unhappy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	when I receive the system , the dvd play would not work . the amplifer and speaker appear to work ok , but I mainly purchase the unit for the dvd player so I be very disappointed . I be satisfy with the Vendors response . they agree to refund the total amount of my purchase with no problem . I give they a 5 for service .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this system and use it for one week . the volume lead light go out . I call Vizio and they say to pack it up and take it to Costco . disassemble , pack up and take it back for a exchange . bring the new one home , set it up . work great . 2 day later , no volume lead light . I never pack it up to take it back ... too much trouble . sound be great . light suck . also the remote control be very sensitive . you have to be right in front of unit to change volume . and of course the volume be a guess without light . would like to find a fix , without multiple trip to store ! th Raleigh
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Sony know that this home Theatre System have a problem . I post earlier that this system work only for a short period of time and then do not eject disc , do not turn off and flash ` standby ' for ever . this be my second unit , which I get replace within 90 day after purchase , with the same problem . several other have mention they experience the same problem with this system . practically this system become useless once this happen . I take it to a service center of Sears where I buy the system . the technician say Sony have alert they with a ` Service Flash ' with a clear instruction of what part to change when this unit come in for repair . he say the voltage inside the dvd player be not properly regulate and unable to handle the disc and hang up in the middle something like a computer crash . he replace a resistor for my unit . the technician say he have be do that for many of this particular model that keep come in , and that he have not see the repair one back again so far . my system seem to be work well now . it be a obvious problem that Sony know very well . however , we have to pay for the repair . fortunately , I buy service protection for three year by pay $ 60 more when I buy this unit . otherwise , it cost about $ 150 - $ 200 to get the system back to work . I really wonder why should we customer pay for a obvious manufacturing defect . if Sony want to maintain they reputation and integrity , they should recall this unit and replace the part free .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just over a year ago I be want to purchase a home theater system for the family to enhance the enjoyment of watch movie . after look around we discide to purchse RCA 's model rt-2300 Digital sound processor . after set up the system we enjoy many movie and the sound be wonderful . we even add a dvd player to further advance the enjoyment of watch movie . when the system be almost a year old , the nightmare start . on occasion the system would shut down by itsself and would not powerup again for several minute . this seem to only be a minor inconvience after all , it only happede occasionally . -lrb- at first : -lcb- -rrb- soon the system would not even power up for more that a few seconds and all movie watch stop . I have take the system in for repair three different time -lrb- for around $ 100 -rrb- and the system still do not work . the receiver have spend the last seven -lrb- 7 -rrb- month in and out of the repair shop and still no remedy have be find . ocord to the repairman , he call RCA for some technical help in find the problem and they say they do not know anything about the reciever because they do not manufacture it directly . so I have a receiver that will sit around and collect dust until the next yard sale . I will most likely hold on to the speaker , after all one can not have too many book end in the library . in short , be CAREFUL when consider the rca rt-2300 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I watch a lot of dvd 's and just recently I decide to buy a home theater system . the high end home theater be too much for my wallet so I look around for the home theater in a box . I see the LG lgdvt418 and love it . it come with 4 floor standing speaker , instead of 4 small one that you have to find a table to sit they on . the subwoofer give enough `` oomph '' for all the media that could play on the dvd , include dvd , audio cd , and even mp3 cd . overall this be a great bargain for anyone who want a home theater\/dvd player but not the home theater price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	purchase the Vizio VHT510 hope I would not have the problem other have have ... 3 day after use , the LED light stop work ... I have read one comment that disconnect the power to the sound bar and holding in the on\/off switch for one minute would correct the problem ... try this and the light work again ... but , the next day , the light stop work again ... try the disconnect bit again and this time it do not work ... so , I call Vizio and tell they about the problem ... I tell the lady I have try the disconnect power and hold down the switch and it do not work ... she ask I to hold and when she come back on line she tell I I have try what they be go to suggest and it appear I have a defective unit and they would replace it ... I ask she if they would replace it with one that work and she tell I she have only hear of one other complaint about the LED light not work ... I tell she `` come on lady , '' do not you people read review on you product ? ... it would appear nine out of ten unit be report defective ... anyway , now I have to play the wait game with Vizio ... what I do not understand be why retailer like Amazon and Cosco continue to sell this defective product know that most the customer be not go to be happy ? ... I should have believe the review and not take a chance on get one that work .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	you get a tremendous amount for you money here . 6 speaker -lrb- all pre-wired -rrb- , a remote control , and one rca cable for connect one accessory . sound quality be adequate , but will not blow you away . the remote be where some of the most important function be . it have power ; master volume ; individual volume control for center , front pair , rear pair , and subwoofer -lrb- allow some adjustment of bass relative to the more treble-heavy small speaker -rrb- ; input source ; `` channel '' -lrb- switch between 5.1 surround sound and 2.1 stereo with subwoofer -rrb- ; mute ; and reset -lrb- take you back to nominal setting -rrb- . subwoofer\/amplifier measure 9.5 inch tall x 7 '' wide x 12 '' deep . five speaker be identical in size at 4 inch tall x 3.25 '' wide x 2.75 '' deep .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy a Panasonic SC-HT930 home theater system online from Dell . I think the sound quality be great . but within about three week it jam up . there be two cd inside and the drawer would not open . every time I turn it on it immediately give a error code and turn itself off . I call Dell and they refuse to help say it have be more than twenty-one day from invoice . when I call Panasonic they refer I to a authorized service center in my area . I call after one week and be tell the optical pickup need to be replace and that it be on order and would be in the follow week . I call again after one more week and be tell the part be on backorder with Panasonic and will not be in for at least one more week . I feel I make a huge mistake order from Dell since they will not stand behind product they sell that do not have the Dell name on they . I will also think twice about buy Panasonic product in the future .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I get this system not quite a year ago and in recent month it do not properly record time program at all . the unit fail during recording , and if the recording be complete , it will not finalize the disc and error message be display that be not print in the manual . prerecord movie play beautifully , but the sound from the rear surround be soft to non-existant , and it do not have auto resume . my first theater in a box be a Panasonic and I love it , but I want to be able to record and I now regret this purchase , it be a mistake .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	difficult to set up . the speaker do not work . the subwoofer be more annoying than pleasurable . I should have purchase a couple of quality speaker instead of this product . still have not set it up yet !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	solid unit with a nice universal remote include . good fm receiver , good dvd playback , powerful surround sound . it just `` feel '' like a well-built system . I have see cheaper unit for sale , but I do not regret pay a little extra for something of this quality .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I get SO Tired of the ever-spiralling theater ticket ! for the price of a couple ticket , couple Pepsis and a tub of buttered popcorn , you can buy two or three dvd !  no more someone talk over the movie plot ; no someone kick the back of you seat the whole time no matter how many time you ask they to stop ; no stick floor from drop drink ; no eegit scream `` do not go in there , man ! '' or `` what till you see where he kill here '' thus reveal the whole plot because that be the 12th time the saw the movie today !!! no traffic jam or parking on the far 40 !  now you can sit in the comfort of you own home and watch what you want , and if someone talk over a crucial point in the plot ... hey , rewind !! the power of the speaker be amazing , once you experience the range of sound rock you house with Dobey Sensurround you will wonder how you ever do without this system before . be easy to install , love the multiple dvd changer ... you will be able to put all three ring movie in at once and sit back and satisfy you addiction !  couple this set up with a big screen hdtv ... and you will be in movie heaven . Frodo and Aragon will never be the same !!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this for my girlfriend for Christmas . the initial setup be easy , the sound quality be acceptable for watch movie in surround sound and the fm\/cd sound be good . additionally , it upscale dvd 's with the use of a hdmus cable . however , that be where the positive end . after watch a movie , the entire system would just shut down unexpectedly . I think maybe it be a fluke , so I unplug the system , plug it back in and resume the movie . then it happen again . and again . we could not watch a movie straight through without the system just shut off . this be over a period of a couple of week so it be not just a isolate event . after have to reset the system , the user be force to reset all of the feature , include fine tuning the volume for each speaker . this be a horrible pain in the you-know-what . like two other reviewer say , the audio would just cut out completely during quiet passesge . it be as if the decoder determine that the low frequency sound be just noise and block they all together . fortunately Amazon have a hassle free return policy and I be able to get a full refund . I then buy my girlfriend a Sony which work great !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I get this in bestbuy for $ 250 . installation be easy . contrary to what i find on the review , i be able to connect my cable tv to the HT . the only drawback be that it have only one AUX port . so , i buy a 3-to-1 a\/v selector and i can use it with my VCR , Cable and dvd . the sound be perfect for my apartment and it be money well spend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this for my husband about 4-5 year ago and he still absolutely love it . Whenever we play a movie surround sound action sequence he still say , `` man , I love we sound system ! '' so worth the money !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I search , research and review every thing I could find about home theater system for about 3 week before choose the Panasonic sc-ht400 . I select it for 3 reason ; value , performance and brand reputation . and my homework pay off . this system be easy to set up ; only take I 25 minute to set up the 400 and a Panasonic progressive scan dvd \/ hi-fi VHS combo unit . it also have lot of little extra and a clear instruction manual . but more important than any of that ; it sound incredible ! deep clear bass from the subwoofer , crisp and clear sound from the satellite and excellent preset and adjustment option . I find the sound quality to be on par with Pioneer 's receiver and jbl speaker . and this unit be just as amazing when play dvd 's as it be when listen to music . I whole heartedly recommend this system , especial in conjuction with the Panasonic pv-d4743 . this be the best home theater system I find ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Buyer beware . if you buy make sure you test EVERY feature before the 30 day be up . this will take alot of work as there be many feature and alot of setup . otherwise you can not return it . the MX 6000us I receive have the follow issue : 1 -rrb- dvd player do not work 2 -rrb- dvd drawer be stick open after 3 opening . 4 -rrb- Phillips support do not recognize the product model number 5 -rrb- Product have many mode -lrb- tv sound , dvd , internet , pc link -rrb- and lock up in these mode require a reboot . 6 -rrb- reboot be sometimes slow 7 -rrb- tv sound mode have significant delay from tv picture 8 -rrb- after some time tv sound mode add artifact to the tv sound require reboot . 9 -rrb- stream media be jerky . 10 -rrb- dvd drawer require many pushing of the button to open . 11 -rrb- the picture of this thing be mislead the tower speaker be really like 10 time the height of the dvd unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this system might be ok . I would need a instruction manual first . the system come without the manual and nobody seem to be able to find one . apparently this be a new system so there be no manual available for it ? one problem that we may or may not be able to fix be the input level for the dvd player . the volume level can not be adjust on this system it be alway playing too loud . so loud actually , that we can not even use the system because it be too loud . we might eventually be able to adjust the input volume level but we will need a instruction manual to do it . since there be no instruction manual available we will not be able to turn it down , or live with a system that perform this way . I be sure I will eventually have to return this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this system with the intention to add a dvd player at a later time , I do have a HIFI VCR so I could get pro logic sound . this system sound great in my 2 bedroom townhouse with quite a full bass sound . I be think about add another sub to get a little more bass out of it though . all the speaker include in this package be very clear and have more than enough wattage for home theater . as I be on a budget when purchase this product , I do not want to buy the additional rear speaker mount ... , so all I do be I go to a hardware store and buy 2x2inch right angle bracket and 2x1inch right angle bracket ... . I then mount the 2 inch bracket to the wall in the rear with the one inch bracket bolt to the 2 inch bracket to form a s shape . I then be able to screw the rear speaker to the mount make a awesome wall mount ... . this be a much cheaper way to mount the rear speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	very nice for small to medium size live room ! my only complaint be the lack of any configuration setting other than subwoofer and volume level . you can not turn the sub off and the lowest setting be still pretty bumpin . I live in a apartment and do not want to be too un-neighborly late at night .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look for a mini system with good sound and dvd playback and find it . the sound be great . it have all the feature you can expect . be able to have 5 cd\/dvd\/mp3 be very useful . it be just what you need if you want value for you money . even the speaker be very good and solid . it even show on the tv screen all detail of cd\/mp3 . Panasonic do a good job with come up with a system like this . the only thing i be wait for be for Panasonic to come with a subwoofer to add to this system . that will be great !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I recently receive this item as a gift for Father 's day from a sc member warehouse for three benjamin . in my bedroom , I have the system up and run in less than a hour . most of the time be spend figure out where to place the speaker . hook the system up to my dvd\/cd player , tv , super vh vcr , tape deck , computer 's graphic card tv-out and computer 's sound card be easy . the sound quality blow I away . it be magnificent and system be extremely loud without distortion . my biggest gripe with the system be the subwoofer hence 4 out of five . the 200 watt in receiver amp be not give justice by be hook to a subwoofer with only two small 5 '' driver inside . in a corner of a small room it be sufficient for those who do not like a lot of bass , but I really want to feel t-rex come , explosion , and fight scene in movie . I be thankful that the receiver have a pre-amp output for a additional power subwoofer . I currently have a audiosource sw fifteen -lrb- 15 '' driver and 200 watt amp -rrb- subwoofer line with two buck of polyfil attach that give more total bass than I now know what to do with -lrb- volume past half-way up shake entire house ! -rrb- . I get lucky and discover the item for less than a benjamin at america 's number one online auction site . the receiver be also excellent with multiple s-video port , digital coax , digital optical , as well be multiple rca input with one set on the front for convenience . I love the analog to digital signal processing that can be use to manipulate the sound in multiple way to simulate club , concert , theater , church , stadium and arena environment . other minor gripe that I have with the system be that it do not support any component video so if you have it on you dvd player , digital satellite , and\/or hdtv receiver then you tv must have multiple component video input or you will have to use one only at a time or a separate switch box . the receiver also could have be make to upgrade rca video to s-video for better picture quality , but it do not do this so I use another super vh vcr connect between the receiver and the television for this purpose . other recommendation for more serious audiophile include use heavier gauge speaker wire and a better fm \ be antenna . if you be a expert you could probably build you own passive subwoofer and attach it instead of the one send with the unit . for a 900 watt bedroom home theater with a power subwoofer attach by a shield subwoofer cable for less than five benjamin , this system be simply awesome . one of my friend be currently in the process of get this system as well . if you be a member of sc warehouse then you be in luck but even at Amazon 's ... higher price this system be a steal .  Update : I decide to replace the subwoofer that come with the system with a Pyle Audio pltb12 12 inch subwoofer bass tube -lrb- need one to handle at least 200 watt RMS of power from the amplifier . -rrb- the 200 watt subwoofer amp in the receiver be finally do justice . after this I do not even need my Audiosource subwoofer with the system because the bass this tube put out have my whole house shake with the Audiosource off . I must admit the round tube be not very aesthetic so I hide it in a corner behind a few thing . for less less than seventy buck off the net include S&H; , this be probably the cheapest solution to get more bass from the system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the Panasonic Home Theater System be the best bang for you buck . the only negative drawback to this system be that it be not to be use as a digital amplifier for external system - however it will do a single l\/r analog input no problem . so if you want to hook you television , hi-fi or game console , into this unit then it will have to be do via a analog line . this mean if you be look for a amplifier for several input from other sound source then this be NOT for you and at the price it be clear that the item be intend for limited purpose and be not a full blow digital in\/out sound system -lrb- be prepare to pay the $ 600 + mark for these type of system that be only for advanced system setup -rrb- . although no true digital input be achievable you can always choose a digital OUT to analog in cable as a addition . however when all say and do I have my ps2 and tv hook up to this box use analog connection and it be fine and work but really the heart of this package be in the dvd player 's quality and the SOUND . the item have 3 front speaker , 2 surround and a woofer . the sound be sublime for the price . the picture quality be well above average and the functionality be pretty outstanding . the system be simple to setup -lrb- take I 20 minute out of the box -rrb- and can play nearly every dvd disc format -lrb- include mp3 , cd-r , cd-rw -rrb- and have several sound format to choose from -lrb- dt , Dolby Digital , Dolby pro Logic , Dolby Surround and Stereo -rrb- . also each sound format have several variation for room shape and size . you can also adjust the level of each speaker individually . the unit then give you multiple option for screen size , playback type , picture quality etc. . in short there be nothing this player be miss except for maybe some advanced feature like zoom in on frame . if you be look for a out-of-box home dvd theater system then this be the package to get . the tower also look funky and the ejection system be beautiful . I would encourage those who be look for a good dvd system and who do not want to spend unreal sum of money to give this one a try . it be far from disappointing . pro : 1 -rrb- great sound and a very nice speaker system to boot . 2 -rrb- multiple sound format and disc type can be play back on the unit . 3 -rrb- the dvd player have multiple option to choose from . 4 -rrb- the quality of the dvd image beat the XBOX or PS2 any day . con : 1 -rrb- load up time take a few seconds . 2 -rrb- no true digital in\/out . however for some reason I prefer the design of the Panasonic SC-DM3 Home Theater System and think it might even be a little better .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	absolutely fantastic . sound quality be excellent . Easy to set up and the wireless subwoofer allow for better acoustic arrangement . I purchase Niro pro 1.1 by Nakamichi about 7-8 year ago when the they start to develop the virtual surround sound home theater . this be the first edition by Niro . the sound be great and the receiver come when a build in dvd player and AM\/FM stereo receiver . it work great for year until the dvd player when bad and it be not worth the cost of fix it . at that time bose have the acousta mass and satellite speaker system . I do not want to run wire all over the place so the Niro be the best thing out there at the time . the Vizio system be excellent and great sound quality . and for the price it be 1\/4 the cost of what I pay for the Niro system year ago .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I give the Panasonic Home Theater Audio System model sc-htb15 5 star . I have it hook up to a flat screen , blue ray , and game system . when turn on the sound come through and when off the sound come through the tv like normal , no button to push . I use the optical digital audio in terminal from the tv to the theater system . I then use a hdmus from blue ray and PS3 to system , hdmus out to tv . hook it up be very easy . speaker can be vertical or horizontal , hook together or separate , on wall or stand or foot , you choice . Subwoofer sit to either side . remote be basic on\/off , tv\/hdmi input selector , subwoofer + \/ - , volume + \/ - and mute . I must note my Samsung control also work with the theater system , which allow I one control use for less clutter . there be control on the sub woofer also . it have a nice clear sound and get louder then I will ever need . there be sound now hear in video game I never know be there , like you enemy in the grass , or glass shatter in the distance , it be fantastic . Blue ray movie be better then the theater . I would recommend to anyone want a simple , easy to use system for full sound without tweaking . you have multus channel mode , auto mode -lrb- direct mode -rrb- and 2-channel mode .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well it didnt have hdmus and the remote be pretty bad and the disc changer be awful . the sound quality be ok but i dont believe Sony 's dubious clame of 143 watt a channel or the 285 for the sub .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I usually do not leave product review but because I feel burn so badly on this one I have to say something to warn everyone else . I be actually online search for a way to remedy the pop and hiss , think I must have be do something wrong , and then I run across other review that be state the same problem that I be have . this system really be pathetic peace of junk and I have be totally embarrass by they on more than one occasion . they will pop and hiss -lrb- loudly -rrb- then the sound will totally disappear . forget this system and do not give Panasonic another dime . if I be look for a new system I would go with bose . yes , bose system be expensive but they know have payment option on they website and I can guarantee you will not get these type of review form they system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... cause I do not believe it either . Quincy Jones + Studio Level speaker mfgr = quality I do not expect at a value I could never get through normal channel . I be not a audiophile , but these create a better sound space than my local movie theater . I do not plan to add surround sound to my flat-screen till I find these , but now I actually look forward to sit down to the sound as much as the picture with my new flat screen . for the first few week , we turn around on several occassion think someone might be in the house , when we hear a particularly clear back noise . it be eerie . on the older silver line set that I own , lab analysis show a nice , even sound across all bandwidth except for a narrow drop off just below the voice range . when I first buy these I think I could hear that difference play the same song back and forth with my home audio system . now I do not hear it , but I think I have just get use to it . of course my home audio system can not touch the clean simplicity of the high on ribbon technology speaker . as a point of comparison , when I sit in the comfy leather chair at Best-Buy to watch they top of the line set up , the sound be a little bit richer and beefier than this set up will deliver . still , these be not toy themselves . at 110 pound there be a lot of mass in speaker magnet . when I come home to this I be very satisfied with this sound . it be way beyond the cheese-factor of a typical home theater in a box , convey movie sound track and football game well enough to entrance -lrb- too well - I have gain 20 pound -rrb- and the sense of thing move in space be believable and real . for I it be clear enough that I have save hundred on movie I now watch at home instead of in the theater . I think the way they can do this so cheaply be by not chase the most recent audio format\/standard on the receiver . you 'll notice Dolby do not say `` dolby-hd . '' note too that there be no build disc player , etc. . just sound stuff : a tuner and a amplifier . to my ear the quality of these speaker contribute a lot more than anything in the latest dt or Dolby standard and , with good speaker , I can not tell the difference . if you ear can tell the difference deliver by the most recent standard you may want to upgrade the receiver at some point and keep the speaker , or you may be able to hear thing I can not and need to be shop in the 3-5k range . I love mine just as it be . they clearly have find a affordable way to harness ribbon technology too . I remember in the 80 's giant ribbon tech speaker be ultra high-end . note too that there be no hdmus pass-through connection on the back . that may be a deal breaker for some , it work fine for I . I just connect the optical port out of my tv to the optical in on this receiver . so , for blu-ray disc my bd player connect directly to the tv with hdmus and the tv connect to this receiver via optical . Works for I . the lack of hdmus pass through be probably another way they manage to keep the cost this low . I have trouble believe you could get sound this good at this cost . if I have not find the audio response datum , I would have assume the positive reviewer just do not know sound . I take a risk and be well reward . I be no audiophile myself but my sense be I could get this quality , more connection , and maybe a little more volume if I be willing to spend about $ 2k on something else . Hope that help .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I connect this system to a Hitachi 43 inch wide screen hdtv and I have to say I be impressed . first let I say that this be by no mean a $ 10,000 dollar custom home theater system , but for a decent size room it be all you gonna need and more !  it come with 5 good speaker for surround sound , they be pretty heavy and appear well build . the sub be not power , but kick out 100 watt . it be plenty to shake the wall !  the progressive scan 5 disc dvd player be a steal on this system . it be get component out which give you the hdtv quality dvd picture . \*\*\* make sure your tv CAN ACCEPT COMPONENT video \*\*\* if will have 3 color connector on the back .  the reciever push a total of 600 watt . it be get more plug than you 'll have wire to connect to it . there be plenty of adjustment that can be make to the sound , which be always nice .  in short , this be a great higher end system -lrb- relatively speak -rrb- and come through with what you think you would get from a $ 600 plus system . it rock .  -- a few quick note -- you may want to buy monster cable with this , as the wire they give you be not long enough -lrb- for rear speaker -rrb- and do not supply official component wire . ask you store rep what you need . I suggest the `` monster home theater in a box '' pre-packaged set -lrb- around 30 buck -rrb- and the component wire .  secondly , many people will tell you that a `` home theater in a box '' like this one be no good . they may correct when talk about system between 1-400 dollar , but once you over 500 you get into some very sweet system . I go to ... and hear everything form the low end sony to the expensive bose system . the Kenwood be the best sound most feature rich that I come accross . now you can not compare a Kenwood to a custom make klipsch set that get into the thousand , but TRUST I a system like this will impress you !  and ... I have hear that the Sony dvd dream system -lrb- for the same price as the kenwood -rrb- be not much of a system . it be build more around look and a dvd player than the actual sound . it claim 500 watt , but sound too light for most taste . you probably pay more for the name and how `` pretty '' this thing look more than the quality . I love sony , have a 36 inch WEGA , but this time I would advise stay far far away from dvd dream !!!  Hope this help and good luck !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	short Version : never really get 5.1 surround work . I spend way too much time fiddle with this as it be . longer Version : I purchase this with the hope of get a easy , affordable surround sound system into my house . I do not like a\/v system and I just want something easy and decent . after bring it home , and hook it up to my system , I come to find out that I can not get surround sound from the xbox or my BluRay player . therefore , I will be return this over the weekend . I have both the BluRay player and xbox go into my Vizio tv via HDMI . I have a optical audio cable from the tv to this soundbar . however , while I can hear 2.1 sound easily , I can not get the soundbar to acknowledge the 5.1 sound stream . I have play with the setting of all of my device . this be a no go . who know what the problem be -lrb- maybe it be I -rrb- but it should not be this hard . UPDATE : turn out I can get Dolby Digital to work , but not dt . remember , the intent of this soundbar be to route all sound through the tv and then out to the soundbar . my tv , a Vizio VL420M , be not capable of carry the dt signal from my BluRay to the soundbar . if I plug the BluRay player directly into the soundbar -lrb- via optical -rrb- then I hear dt 5.1 not sure who to `` blame '' here , but the current setup be not compatible .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the Panasonic sc-htb15 be a great home Theater System . it be unfortunate that I be not able to install this myself due to the way my current Panasonic Viera television be set up -lrb- it be wall mount by a professional -rrb- so I need to call in someone to do this for I . I watch the tech set it up and seem to be relatively easy to do -lrb- once he be able to get to the wall mount television -rrb- . if I have the television on a standard table mount I be sure I coud have easily set this up myself . once install , all I can say be ` wow ' to the quality of the sound . the technician set up the speaker similar to the way it be display on the Amazon page , one on each side of the television wall mount . to I , the sound rival any 4 speaker system out there and fro , the second it be turn on , fill my entire room with beautiful crystal clear sound . if there be any drawback at all it would be that I wish the system be wireless -lrb- so I do not have to go through the expense of the installation -rrb- . but , as I mention , I do have a wall mount which be my own drawback I guess . I would recommend this system to anyone to use in a family room or live room with a large screen tv -lrb- I love the Viera model so I be slightly prejudice when it come to the Panasonic name -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	excellent product , good quality very good dispatch receive everything the right way . recommend 100 % smoothly . thanks for everything , warm greeting from VENEZUELA
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	can not find any tech datum for this item ? can not rate this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I order this home theater system because I be look for the following : \* a decent set of 5.1 surround-sound speaker to go with my new flat-panel hdtv , since in my experience , flat-panel tv have less-than-stellar built-in speaker , due to they size \* a dvd player , since the one I have be old and crappy \* a setup that would not break the bank \* a system that be not `` smart '' -lrb- i.e. internet-capable with app for view online content -rrb- , since the tv I order have that already this system meet all those requirement , and I be pretty happy with it . pro : \* setup be easy , to the point where you do not really even need the instruction , since it be so intuitive \* the sound output be great , consider the price point this unit be be sell at . yes , it be not a super-duper high-quality sound system that will blow away a audiophile , but for under $ 200 -lrb- I pay $ 179 for it , though I have see the price fluctuate + \/ - $ 20 over time -rrb- it be a great system . \* the usb port in the front of the system be really convenient - it allow I to listen to music from my iPhone on the stereo , and it also charge the iPhone when it be plug in . the remote control also work for the iPhone -lrb- play , pause , next , etc. -rrb- , which be handy . \* the hdmus sync work flawlessly , so the system turn on automatically when I turn on the tv -lrb- and not a Sony BRAVIA TV , for the record - it be a LG hdtv -rrb- . \* the calibration mic include with the system make it really easy to automatically calibrate the output of each of the speaker . manually adjust each individually after the fact if the auto calibration do not suit you need be pretty easy , too . I live in a second-story apartment and bump down the setting on the subwoofer to avoid irate downstairs neighbor . do so be a cinch . con : \* from the info find online and in the instruction booklet , I be lead to believe that this system could receive audio input via hdmus -lrb- e.g. a single hdmus cable connect the dvd player via a ARC HDMI port on the tv would provide dvd video and audio input to the tv , and return audio to the sound system from the tv when watch from some other source , like a cable box or broadcast television -rrb- . this be not true . I realize after closely scrutinize the documentation that it never explicitly say this , but it do make it look like this would be possible from the diagram . to send audio back to the stereo system , you must connect the tv to the dvd player with a digital optical audio TOSLINK cable -lrb- for a digital audio connection -rrb- or coaxial -lrb- for a analog audio connection -rrb- . since my tv only support a digital audio output , I have to use the TOSLINK cable . \* the rear speaker be not wireless . I do not expect they to be -lrb- especially not at the price this unit sell for -rrb- , and it be not a big deal for I , since I have all my speaker set up in the front of the room , but it might be consider a negative for some people . \* the rear speaker wire be not very long . again , not a big deal for I , since they be all up front anyway , but if I have want to put they in the back of the room , I might have have some difficulty . the speaker use a proprietary wire connection , so splicing they to make they longer would have be a little tricky -lrb- though I have read report of people manage it -rrb- . \* adjust the output setting on the individual speaker be easy -lrb- as state in the pro section above -rrb- , but it do require go into the setting menu , which can only be access when the system be not play a dvd . so no adjusting anything but the main volume when you be in the middle of a movie . if you realize that a particular movie be really bass-heavy and you want to adjust the output of the sub , you have to stop the dvd , go into the system setting menu , tweak it , and then restart you dvd . I have not encounter a time when I have need to do this , but I can imagine it might irk some people if they have to go through that rigmarole . none of the `` con '' I have list be deal-breaker for I , since most of they do not apply to my particular setup . but they be worth note , since they may be deal-breaker for someone else . overall , I have be very happy with this system : it be suit my need perfectly , and the price be excellent .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just receive this theater system yesterday and it be wonderful . I find it very easy to setup , the direction be very easy to follow and understand even if you be not electronically incline . plus the manual be not a 100 page book you have to read to learn how to run the system . I love the design of the system also . Panasonic make the dvd 5 disc changer look really cool by make the front of it look like a mirror . also around the volume knob , it glow with blue light when you turn the system on . the speaker be silver and have a nice design . the tall -lrb- long -rrb- speaker be the front speaker and the smaller one go in the back of the room . the nice thing be that all the speaker be capable of hang on the wall . also , pole that be attach to the tall front speaker -lrb- as show in the picture -rrb- can be use for the back speaker instead if you like . so there be option with this system . the performance of the system be amazing and at the price I get it for , you can `` t go wrong . the dvd player be quick when change disc and quiet . there be also a lot of setup option . you can ajust the subwoofer level from the remote , many different picture view , sound setting for cd 's , and speaker adjustment to name a few . also , there be ton of input for you extra device . I have the VCR and 3 game system hook up to it . I also like the fact that it have the option for component cable hook up for the tv . I buy some of those cable last night and the picture do look better . I love the subwoofer . it be pretty hefty but definately worth it . there be 4 different bass level you can set it on and it be POWERFUL . I put in the chronicle of Riddick and it shake the floor and my cat hide for the rest of the night . you have to be careful though . I live in a apartment and the bass can be hear clearly and heavily outside the apartment and I do not have the volume up very loud at all . but with the subwoofer adjustment , you can find a setting that work best for you . I suggest this product for everyone . it work so great and it be such a good value for the money that I be tell all my friend about it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Pretty cool system . remote functionality could be tweak abit with Samsung TV remote , and cable tv . when you place a dvd or cd , and open system it always switch to dvd or cd mode . this be a pain when you watch a play-off game . over all I be pretty satisfy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	first a disclaimer , I be not a audiophile . however , I have be compare a number of home theater system for week before i buy this one . I narrow it down to two for the money i want to spend , and the other one be the Sony ht5100d , but I pick this one for a couple of reason . they both have 5 speaker and a `` sub `` woofer , DTS\/Dolby digital , 5 disc dvd changer etc , but the panasonic be cheaper , have a additional 50watt to the woofer , and play mp3 . I do not demand perfection from my audio equipment , but i can tell what stink . I be a college student , and i be mostly worried about this system be too weak to work as a stereo for a house party , but it be not . it will not blow anybody away , but it be certainly more than sufficient for the need of most normal people . -lrb- of course replace the left and right speaker with some relatively cheap bookshelf speaker do not hurt , and allow you to keep the two extra factory speaker in the closet in case another one get damage or something -rrb- . I be also excite to learn that it play CDR\/W and mp3 -lrb- on cd -rrb- . this mean that instead of make a few mix cd for a party , you can just put the mp3 straight onto a cd -lrb- which mean that you can store around 200 song on one cd -rrb- , this allow you to make one huge cd , and put it on random . if you be look at hometheater but be not worry about mp3 , i would atleast make sure the one you purchase play home-made disc -lrb- cd-r\/w 's -rrb- because somewhere along the line you or someone will want to play one and you 'll be out of luck . the improvement in quality of audio from vh to dvd be actually greater than the improvement in picture resolution , and this system take advantage of that . you be get a nice dvd player , stereo , and subwoofer , for a pretty good price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I live in a loft so I can not be run wire all over the place . this deliver great sound , the subwoofer give fine in depth detail without overpower the other speaker . there be many option available to tweak the sound as well as add other speaker if you want to make it a 5.1 system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i buy the home theater system about a month ago to go with my sony 42 '' hdtv . i like most thing about the system with the exception of a few . it take a while for tv sound to come through the speaker . you turn the unit and the tv on and maybe like 5 seconds later sound come out of the speaker . another issue that i notice be that there be also a delay from when you press the disc tray to open and when it actually do . this elay be maybe only a few seconds but still annoying . it take I a while to figure out how to get the tv to play sound at of all the speaker . i be tell by several people this be not even possible . -lrb- not true -rrb- you need to have the mode in pro logic and then it will work . make sure to wait a second because you may switch the mode and not hear anything but the delay cause it to take a while to kick in . i find the sound to be much cleaner when the tv speaker be turn off and just the surround sound put out the sound . some great thing about the sytem be just the sheer intensity of sound . watch dvd 's be great especially if you neighbor be cool . this unit also have the ability to play mp3 and regular cd 's . it be also hdmi compatable which i guess be the newest technology . the problem with hdmus be that the cord be one way only . that be to say that if you hook the hdmus cord up from the back of the tv to the back of the dvd player you will only get the media put into the player to be transfer to the tv . so if you want to watch a dvd you will have all of the benefit of the hdmus technology -lrb- singular cable , uncompressed signal , etc. -rrb- the dvd player will transfer a superior image to you tv . the problem be when you just want to watch tv . there be no way that you can transfer from the tv through the cable through the dvd player and out to you speaker so you stick use rca output instead . hdmus be still worth it for what it do to you dvd 's but do not pay over $ 25 buck for you cord . i pay $ 130 for one that i quickly return when i learn that it be only useful when watch dvd 's . for $ 20 buck i think it be still worth it and they sell they for that much or less . i love the speker because they swivel and can be mount on a wall or stand on a base . 1000 watt push out a lot of sound but not overpower when you do not want it to be . also with a sony tv i have to use 2 remote which i hate even though in the instruction for both there be supposedly a way to do everything off either remote . -lrb- i could not do it and would love for someone to tell I how -rrb- also have the ability to test each speaker and other cool feature like a sound delay to exactly match the picture when there be a need to . i have a samsung tv but i do not like it or i would have keep the brand the same . samsung be suprior to sony when it come to audio . most other brand beat out sony in the audio arena . someone help I fix my multiple remote issue .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	fairly easy to set up to play music , but when it come to hook it up to you tv or gaming system , that be where it can get a bit confusing . nothing I could not figure out though . this system be set up in my bedroom -lrb- 20x20ft -rrb- , it get very loud ; any louder and I would be deaf . the only complaint I have be that I can not get my center speaker to play . I have my ipod hook up and all the other speaker be play except for that one . that be the sole reason for the 4 star review , else it would be 5 star . overall , great sound system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I actually win this system via a radio contest , and I have have it for 2 year now . there have be some small annoyance , but otherwise , it have be a good system . it look sharp , be easy to setup and use , and there be plenty of length to the speaker wire to setup surround sound in nearly any size room . the dvd changer be slow , but the sound and picture quality be great . I would recommend this system if you only have a basic setup of home theater , as multiple inputs\/outputs can be a bit of a hassle .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this unit have great sound and be well worth the price . I have no issue set it up or program it . connect to all my device with no issue .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my brother set it up for I . it work really good , no complaint .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	consider the bargain we get this for , I be very happy with the result . it be easy to get home , very easy to set up . the include mount material be all we need to keep everything look good around the living room . my only major complaint so far be that the video and audio seem a little out of sync on some channel that I never notice before we hook up this unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the 5 Koss product I have purchase , they have a lifetime warranty on they headphone , and I have use that warranty and be send a newer , better model , after own my headphone for 3 year . I also have a portable CD Player , Sports\/Armband Radio , a Clock\/CD\/Radio , and a boombox , all of the item have exceed my expectaton , and I have have great customer service . I will continue to purchase Koss item whenever possible . I look at alot of other Home Theatre Sysatems , and be skeptical of this one on price alone , but it far exceed my expectation , and work perfectly . it be also far les expensive that most of the other system I be consider .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just love this home theater system ! I get this as a gift and for all of you interested in purchase one I would highly recommend it ! everyone that see 's it want one !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I attach this home theater system to my Mac pro use a optical audio -lrb- toslink -rrb- cable . iTunes never sound so dramatically pure . the clarity of sound be amazing and I be more than thrill at my computer gaming experience . the subwoofer fit comfortably under my desk and the two satellite speaker be perch at the extreme end of my desk . the Onkyo have the option of attach a total of 5 satellite speaker to create a 5.1 sound system , but the lack of real estate on my desk would make that configuration cumbersome . the two main reason I choose Onkyo be my current experience with a 7.1 home theater system which I absolutely love , and the ability to connect to this system use optical digital cabling . there be no electrical interference from nearby cell phone or other electromagnetic spectrum polluter , and the digital sound be deliver from the source untrammeled to the amplifier .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	JVC have put out some quality product . this be not one of they . whoever be in charge of this design , just be not think .  for instance , the button that open and shut the tray be located under the tray ! you have to twist you arm to shut the tray . many essential feature be not include and if they be they be difficult to access . the volume equalizer be virtually inaccessible . the lowest volume setting be loud . there be no input on this receiver at all !  everything about this system design be , literally , painful !  i return the system because of buzz speaker and the system do not shut off the subwoofer , when in stand by . so not only be it junk , but the one I get be defective !  i buy another JVC system , the h9000 I think , not out of loyalty but because I be look for a inexpensive system . it be not `` region free '' but , it be comparabely price and , obvious that whoever design it take a moment to think , before put it together .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have two of these system , buy one for work and one for home . they work great . yes , one of they have the same trouble as you may read in some comment . I find if you eject the disk before you shut it off , they never get stick in it . the one machine where they do get stick , i unplugged it for two day and plug it back in and it spit out the cd .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have own these speaker from Aug\/Sept of 2011 . they be very good surround sound speaker for a 7.1 setup . I have everything match with Sony product , so these compliment the look of my home theater . the sound be great for sound effect , when the scene in a movie permit . they be good for music , but not as primary speaker . I have the Sony ss-f6000 's in the front . I recommend they also as they get the full sound that the surround sound 's lack . this set of speaker be worth it in my opinion , as I only pay 169.99 + tax for they new at best buy . as for the Sony ss-f6000 speaker Amazon also should have they cheap . I pay 119.00 ship . the receiver I have run everything be Sony str-dn1010 . it be a very good receiver as well . I buy the receiver the same time as everything too . I only pay $ 199.00 for the receiver . you can buy a newer version for the same price now if you shop smart . good Luck I say buy it , unless you want more higher end product . then I say look for Martin Logan , Bowers and Wilkins , or Focal 's $ 30.000.00 speaker -- each !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I would have give this home theater system five star if it be not for one major flaw : there be a extremely loud , high frequency hiss that come from the receiver -lrb- yes the receiver , and not the speaker -rrb- . and the hiss be too loud to ignore . I notice this immediately after setup and ask for a exchange . Amazon ship a replacement , and I notice it again . I call Sony customer support and they inform I it be indeed a defective unit . what be the odds of I get a defective unit 2 time in a row ?
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love these speaker , my previous setup be a Onkyo amp with bose speaker and we finally realize that we do not listen to movie at imax level so have a clean look be more we style . the Vizio System be definatly the clean look with good sound we be look for . I have have no problem connect to the sub and I think it sound great . the only thing I would like to have be the blue tooth connectivity that some other system offer .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a rebound system for I as I be burn with my previous one . after a easy set-up , the first thing that hit I be the amazing quality of the picture . I have read some good and bad review for this system , but nobody bother to mention the picture . with component cable and run progressive scan , hook up to my projection hdtv , the picture be amazing . this be with out a doubt the best dvd player , picture-wise , I have ever have and I have have many .  I have read several people complain about the sound , but it sound great to I -lrb- although I must admit , I be not a hard-core audiophile -rrb- . Sony have make this as user-friendly as possible and as a result , they sacrifice all but the most basic fine-tuning capability . however , it do offer you the choice of several pre-set `` sound-field '' . you be bind to find one that suit you need . the remote have button devote to this function so as you be switch from action movie to drama to music cd , you can easily adjust the sound to match .  a minor complaint would be that , while cool , the slot-loading disc loader be a little slow . however , the `` coolness '' factor and the overall design of the system more than make up for this .  personally , I could not be happier . thank you , Sony .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	awesome sound system . I have want this set up for year , but could not afford it . I get this for half price ! it be suppose to be refurbish . it come with a full warranty and everything in the new box and packing look `` brand new ! '' I inspect everything closely and really think it be new ... either way , it sound GREEEAAAT !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we buy Samsung 's home theater system . it work reasonably well for a very short while , before the receiver suffer a debilitating hardware fault . Samsung accept that the unit be defective and repair it . eighteen month later , the issue rematerialize , but Samsung refuse to re-correct it - irrespective of the fact that they repair job do not last . numerous call to customer service achieve nothing more than unfulfilled promise that a manager would call we back , and the follow message -lrb- almost verbatim -rrb- : `` due to normal wear and tear , it be unreasonable to expect Samsung product to last longer than 18 month . ''
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be on my fourth head unit , and this one only work intermittently . dvd do not play , sound cut out , on and on . also , worst remote ever . what be tragic be that while the head unit be clearly a piece of junk , the speaker be all great , and it sound fantastic when it work . now Cambridge be not sell these any more . no surprise .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this sl q-line gold 650w 5.1 Surround Sound Home Theater System be by far the best sound system out there for the money . sure you can pay alot more and maybe get a little better sound but why . it have a reciver pack with every function you can ask for , and the speaker be outstanding . the whole package cost I $ 395.00 , I buy mine on black Friday and get one hell of a deal . I buy it thru av-express and they customer support team be second to none . all in all this be one of the best buying experince I have ever have . I have mine link to my 42 '' LG plasma , direct tv and PS3 . now it be just sit back relax , and enjoy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	own a Samsung tv , we want a similar brand for the audio in order to take advantage of the smart link feature . although the player have very nice feature , the sound be disappointing for a HT System . the subwoofer be passive - not have a build in amplifier - and look and sound cheap . there be just few limited environment you can choose from the DSP option , but these be not able to sharpen the sound at a decent quality . you can definitively have a nicer sound from a pc surround system . the system have auto calibration feature , but the measurement get consistently wrong . if you have a room with hard surface -lrb- no carpet , bare wall -rrb- the processor get confuse by the reflection .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy a ht700 two year ago and initially I like it , play great . after 2 year it stop play all music cd . both mp3 and original audio cd . couple of month after that , it stop play 50 % of blockbuster dvd . I have a 5 year old $ 75 samsung player , that still play great all kind of stuff . I do not think it be just the problem with this one panasonic system . it be all of Panasonic . it be just a piece of low quality stuff . they be just try to sell to american market this piece of junk . never buy any panasonic anymore unless you want keep buy every two year !! . - a disappointed customer
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I select these base on appearance in my living room as the primary factor and sound specification be secondary . the sound quality be so poor I have to disconnect they and go back to my old stuff . speaker have very poor sound quality and no depth at all . I hope other learn from my mistake ! the good news be that they be cheap .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this after a lot of shop around . this be mean to get some cheap surround sound into my bedroom without hugely intrusive speaker . have over $ 10,0000 vest in my den entertainment center , I be not expect much at this price . I have to say , I be quite impressed . no , it do not compare to my home theater setup , but it do sound very , very good . far better than I expect it to . the sound be clear , you can raise it to a `` decent '' volume -lrb- I would not buy this if you be go to always crank it , because something may go in that case -rrb- , and the speaker be small and non-intrusive . I would recommend this to anyone that be look for a bedroom surround system or someone that will not be blast it at full volume at all time .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look for better sound from my dvd . discard component system because of the size . I have a Pioneer DV 414 and love its image , superior to other dvd brand in my opinion . so it be natural that I develop some brand loyalty . the system that bring my attention to this category -lrb- home Theater in a Box -rrb- be a Sony DAV s300 . lovely , nice sound , but I want something with more fidelity to subtlety and a richer , punchier bass . after some research , I stick on the htz 55dv . pro - full featured -lrb- dt , dd 5.1 -rrb- ; AM\/FM Tuner ; play cd , cdr , cdrw , vcd and , of course , dvd ; you can control each speaker 's level to fine-tune the system to you room ; very clever design with the display\/RC sensor separate from the dvd player and the power amp inside the subwoofer ; image be even better than with my previous dv 414 ; sound be rich , crisp , very detailed -lrb- depend on the dvd of course -rrb- ; the subwoofer hold mortar explosion from save private Ryan , the Harley Davidson sound from t2 - the Ultimate Edition dvd and the Tyranossaurus Rex roar from jurassic park with aplomb ; small footprint from each system part ; fast load , menu navigation be also the fastest I have experience as be chapter change ; have more feature than you may ever need but you can leave they behind without any problem if you do not plan to use they ; simple to install ; have bass\/treble adjustment that work with dd 5.1 and DTS ; excellent value for money . con - the remote be awful , as be the dv 414 's , but you can always get a `` universal '' ; Pioneer have not learn to make its manual look as easy to read as they product be easy to enjoy . I be really in honeymoon with this system -lrb- more than a month -rrb- . I even get use to its upside down remote . if you be look for better sound , maybe better image -lrb- do not know which dvd you have -rrb- , a nice clever design with a small footprint , faster load and navigate through you dvd , I can only say just do it . if it be more expensive , it would still be a good buy . it be much more than a `` All-In-One '' . take a look at any showroom , but be aware that you may be very disappointed if the sale person do not know how to use\/tune it . also have in mind that it be design for small to medium size room . if you room be big and you like it loud , look for a component system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	get it at Circuit City for $ 120 ! lot of bang for the buck . Plays almost all type of dvd and cd out there . so it be get only one audio input -lrb- and rca at that -rrb- , the 200w be more than enough for a medium size room .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system in Aug 2004 and I be very pleased with its performance . Recording be very easy and I especially like the time-slip feature this allow you to watch a show from the beginning and continue to record the program . so long vh tape forever ! the system deliver a terrific picture and the sound make every show , movie , and sport event a new experience . I also enjoy the am-fm radio that be build into the unit . I be sure that the high-end system blow this unit away but for the money and the size this be a great buy !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this system from another retailer last Christmas . the first 3 or 4 time I use the unit , it work great . after that , with dvd , the screen would randomly go black . after restart the unit , it start work again for about 5 min . I decide to use it for radio in another room . after about 2 use for this , the unit would emit a loud ` pop ' through all the speaker and then lock up , it would not respond to the remote or button on the front , even the power button . unit would then be reset only by unplug it . through the vent in the top I could see blow capacitor and small burn mark on the board . I contact customer service and it take almost 6 week to hear back . I send it back -lrb- at my cost for shipping -rrb- to have it repair . 2 month later I get a replacement unit -lrb- serial number be different -rrb- . it work for about 8 hour and then the sound would randomly fade out and back in . I contact customer service again and after 2 week have a reply with a shipping label to send back . 2 month later I get the unit back -lrb- again a new one -rrb- . after about 10 hr of use , its do the same same thing with the sound fading . I find that this issue can be resolve by let the unit sit for about 2 week between use , then it will work for about 20 min before the issue come back . I will never purchase another rca device again , the customer service be crap and after 3 different unit , still have the same problem . and since have the unit for about a year , have only be able to use it about a 12 time . I finally go out and spend $ 500 on a good lg lhb535 . no more problem . all in all , the RCA unit be garbage and the only good thing with it be the speaker work fairly well . so basically you be spend $ 100 for decent speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	need a space-saving system with big sound ? buy this now !! Panasonic have do really well with this baby . the sound be excellent with both music and movie . and the system be pack with feature such as hdcd , highmat and jpeg decoder . unusually , mp3 disc sound great here , and my track be 160kbp !! oh , the tuner sound really good too . the system sound excellent even at low volume . so there be some merit to the not-too-tasteless bi-amp logo in the front . it be very nearly perfect but ... I briefly test dvd on the system but be use the supply cable for normal composite video , and the color be a bit muted . but I suspect the crappy cable be the demon here , and anyway when I get my own tv I 'll be use the component video output which should be much better . there be s-video output too . to nitpick further dvd be reset when the system go to standby , but luckily there be a memory function which be dead quick to use . the engineer be obviously on cheap drug when they make this oversight . but there be a 5 disc memory , yes this system be a 5-disc changer !! and lastly the remote , good luck if you have chunky finger heh heh heh ! Tips : the speaker cable length supply be miserly , consider get additional length , and do not worry the sound will not deteriorate . I have have to extend they by 4 metre with a different type and I buy cheapo , which mean a extra 16 metre for myself as the Panny be bi-wired - which probably account in part for the great sound . a pain but worth it . for music listening by all account play with the Equalizer but leave the Surround off , it be a bit too artificial . leave the equalizer on , even if leave on the flat Manual mode , the sound open up a bit . the Audio only mode make no audible difference , so leave it off and save you chunky finger ! the blue backlighting look nice but there be a dimmer if it get distractive . yes those engineer think of everything but leave a half-assed resume . for movie , by all account play with the Surround ! all in all this be a great system . and in the States it be a no-brain bargain . and do I mention the speaker look great !! take the grill off !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well the panasonic hometheater system sound be great and the picture be great , however the pop sound only appear when i play my vanilla sky , matrix reload and l.a. confidential dvd 's . the first 2 dvd title show a small amount of pixellation ... there like little color square that appear for less than a sec and sometimes interrupt sound but not everytime i play the disc .  i try those dvd 's on my sony dvd player and the disc be perfect . no scratch , no fingerprint , no pixellation and no dust . my l.a. confidential dvd never play well with the panasonic system , with the sony it be perfect . if someone can tell I why i get this little color square but the disc be perfect .  this panasonic home theater dvd really disappointed I when i play those disc , and how now what other dvd 's get those little annoying square and what annoy I the most be that they dont always appear on the same chapter , sometimes not at all and sometimes they do appear .   1 star for the problem , cuz the sound and picture be great but the little square really tick I off . be there something i can do to stop that from happen ?
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I purchase this system because of the wireless capability , well right out of the box the wireless tower do not work . not a good start ! I will be call support today . to be continue .  Well strike two and I be do . I send the first one back because the wireless tower do not work right out of the box . they send I another one , and guess what ? it do not work either . when I talk to Samsung support they sound as if this be happen a lot ? I think they need to work the bug out before they ship the product out .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I use it in my bedroom and the sound quaility be much better than the tv speaker , the output be not too lound as use in a bedroom , the only draw back be it have no hdmus input , so you can not connect any hdmus device to it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be very happy with this purchase . have check around at a lot of place and find nothing this good for the price !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	it perform well when I play video game use PS3 but fall short of my expectation when I play Blu Ray movie or regular cd . in those instance I do not feel the `` surround '' sound much , and certainly not from the cd . when I call Bose customer service , it be explain to I that regular cd do not produce surround sound and most movie -lrb- even Blu Ray -rrb- do not also fully utilize the surround feature . honestly I be not sure if I buy into that . I buy it because I be not a audio expert but my sense of hearing can tell what be good sound and what be not . in addition , when I hook up the ps2 through this unit use red\/white\/yellow cable , the output screen size be funky with my hdtv . so I end up bypass this with my ps2 . then there be not analog cable input for I to hook up my direct tv in to this unit so it be also a waste on that . for such limited use , I do question the value of spend $ 1800 on this . by the way , when I research different home theater system , I be shock to find many 4\/5 star review on unit that be $ 200-500 range . when I go to the retail store to test hear they , they be nothing but just louder noise . so from that perspective , bose 's unit 's sound quality be definitely crisp and very clear , but just do not give the full `` surround '' feel that I would expect as in a movie theater unless I turn the volume to be very loud .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I read the negative review for Koss dvd player online , but I think I would give it a shot anyway , as Sears have a good deal over Christmas . well , the 90 day warranty run out a few week ago , and now the machine be nothing but a big silver paperweight . will not read ANY disk anymore . have not have a single problem till this , but on every review site , people describe similar experience . Ugh . I guess I deserve it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just want to make the point that for $ 300 - $ 350 you can get the sc-ht820 \/ ht830\/ht833 system , which despite the lower number be arguably better . the 820\/830 system have AM\/FM , fully control from the remote , 5-disc changer , and a mid-high end VCR with high-speed transport , and very good speaker and sound -lrb- do just great in we 15x30 live room . -rrb- this model sacrifice am\/fm\/vcr for a little more stylishness , but imho its not a better system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	grr . what a waste of money . the disk tray move really slowly , as if it have to consider whether or not its go to open when you ask it to . a couple time it refuse to play dvd 's while flash a ` rating ' message at I -lrb- these be 50 's horror flick dvd 's - hardly objectionable material -rrb- so I have to completely unplug the thing and start it up again . then after about 5 month of intermittent usage , one day the speaker start hum really loud , and it be dead . bummer .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	when my boombox die , I decide to pick up a unit that could play music as well as dvd movie . I do not want to spend much and find this rca unit that seem to be exactly what I need , so I buy it and sell my exist dvd player to a relative . and it would be exactly what I need if it do in fact play dvd 's consistently . unfortunately , it do not , and there be no rhyme or reason to it either . sometimes it will play a scratch dvd just fine , while other time it will not even play a brand new dvd . like other have mention , I have notice that dialogue in movie -lrb- when it do play the dvd -rrb- be much quieter than music even if the sound logic feature be on . this unit play cd without any problem , and the sound quality seem pretty good -lrb- but maybe that be because my point of reference be a boom box -rrb- . sound quality for tv be also pretty good . however , the unreliability of the dvd playing ability be a huge deficiency , so I would not recommend that someone purchase this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	good system with a great sound quality . the cd\/dvd be flexible with regard to us\/european dvd format . altogether lot of feature , but along with that lot and lot of wire . Speaker wire be not long enough for a reasonably size room . to be able to properly use the system , read the manual . even obvious functionality be not necessarily easy to figure out without it . anyone figure out why you need 2 remote control for this combination ? consolidation would be nice , since other electronic gadget each have they own .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have be use this item for year now and never a problem . surround work great , real 5.1 !! I would preffer more bass for the pc Games , but it have different sound mode to improve the performance . : -rrb- this have power to fill any room wth good quality sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for the low price I get this system for , it have be execptional . speaker be twice the size of than those of normal system at this price , which be nice because I do not care for satelite . it also sound very good , compete with system in the 700-900 dollar price range . it be ` Hall ' mode sound good with stereo music , do not modify the l-r channel , simply add a ambience base on the difference between they . pro logic decoding be crisp and clear with encode material , play Unreal tournament with my pc connect sound very convincing . Crisp and clear Dolby Digital and DTS decoding . AM\/FM reception a little to be desire , but do a acceptable job . the only weak link would have to be the subwoofer . clearly not Phillips ' strong point , it sound thumpy , only go down to 35 hertz , and you have to turn the thing on and off , which be irritating because its easy to forget to turn it off , thus risk fry it . however , the whole thing cost I 350 buck . anyway , this system be surely worth the money if you be on a budget , and you 'll get hour of entertainment from it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the system be way better than I expect it to be . be the system be so cheap I be expect something loud , but not clear and i be wrong . everything be so clear , the bass hit perfectly , and you feel fully immerse into movie , game , and anything you watch on tv . I purchase this to go alongside my PS3 and Samsung TV and it work flawlessly with the two . the PS3 will auto sync with the system to output at the best possible setting , and then do so . the only drawback that I can find . it do not come with any hdmus cable so be sure to buy they . the `` out '' on the system be through HDMI so in order for you to have everything hook up to the unit and go to the tv you need hdmus . if you do not have hdmus then you can still run the sound from the tv to the unit , but you will need to manually adjust all the setting on the PS3 etc. . . to suit the output of the unit . the only way to truly experience the full power of the unit and full surround sound clarity you will need HDMI hook up though , so either way . I be only get two channel sound quality when I wasnt use HDMI . if you do not have it setup correctly setting like pro Logic make the rear speaker extremely quiet . however when you go in depth , the unit do offer a microphone adjustment tool . you setup the microphone and it adjust accordinly . its osmething id expect from system costing hundred of dollar more . from what ive mess with I dont think you can go in and adjust the subwoofer though . overall turn up this system sound absolutely phenomonial especially in smaller room , but it excel in larger room too . the nice thing be you can turn it down and still get amazing sound quality , but the sub get quiet and you not wake up neighbor all night . it take less than a half hour to set it up , and since then ive be blow away one way or another . its absolutely worth the price its at , would probably even buy it if it be higher to be honest .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I get this system for Father 's day . it take about two hour to set up and figure out the wiring diagram -lrb- the owner manual could be better -rrb- . I also add a rca 5 disk CD Player . I hit the power , put in a cd and about blow the plaster off the wall ! the sound be awesome and the clarity perfect . I recommend this system to anyone look for a system that have high end feature at a entry level price . you may want to get one soon though as it may be a discontinue model .  ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	be very sceptable on buy the Vizio 5.1 as a lot of review indicate problem with the light indicatior . but apparently Vizio have fix the problem . we love they , Great sound with a lot of adjustment thru the remote control . love the fact that the speaker come with wire and great instruction .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this home theater system be just what the doctor order . the pitch and bass be great for a action movie . the dvd quality be perfect for those mushy gushy movie that the chica want to watch . however , the volume do only go to 35 . before you buy this item though , I suggest look at walmart . the product code be dav-dz175 instead of the 170 , but i be pretty sure its the exact same system for forty buck less . pro : great sound great Bass Good video quality nice look system great price con : no eq control small remote
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this arrive quickly and be easy to set up . it sound great . we have not try connect it to a computer yet , but if it appear to be straight forward . hopefully a wireless connection will be possible as well , the documentation suggest it be , but be not clear how to achieve this .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great little system . the 150 Watts be definitely loud enough for I . I get it for $ 89 at Meijer . Cant go wrong at this price although I be consider a power subwoofer for really deep Bass . pro Plays DVD-R DVD+R Nice Fullscreen Feature Nice Clean Sound Easy Set up Cons not the deep bass I want no AM\/FM Tuner No Progressive scan no Digital Audio Inputs
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great sound system for the price . I buy it for my new Panasonic 60 '' plasma TV & be very happy with it . my old RCA home theater do not have great sound & be complicate to use . this one be so simple & have great sound . I be concern when I order it because it be go in a large room & do ` nt know if it would be enough without additional speaker . it be great !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this system as a Christmas gift for my husband . I be embarrassed to even say I spend one cent on this so call dvd home Theatre System . can you return it ? I do not even see where you can return this item . we will be watch the a dvd and the volume will just go mute . it be very aggravating . if you turn the volume up past one you get blast ! I would not recommend this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the below poster obviously never read the manual or be just naturally ignorant . all you need to do be ... hook audio plug from the back of the receiver to you television . then hook you ps2 into the television . now set the unit on the aux . function and set surround sound mode to party -lrb- even sound on all speaker -rrb- . Ta da surround sound with ps2 and xbox or whatever else . anyway , I have find this to be a great system . I do alot of research before buy this unit . for I , I do not want to spend much over $ 200 for a home audio system without a dvd player or $ 300 for one with a dvd player . since I do not have a dvd player -lrb- minus my xbox -rrb- I decide on this unit . the picture and sound quality for dvd be great . it really get you into the movie . as with any television or home audio system ... take the time to read the manual . the stand be weighted nicely and will not fall over unless force . also the radio feature be something I be highly interested in , for listen to college game when they be not on tv . another nice feature be the universal remote include . basically eliminate the need for have 3 different remote just to watch a movie . one remote control the tv , dvd , and surround sound ... not a decision make factor , but still nice to have . I can not say I have find a downside to the system as of yet . for the price range I think this system be top of the line . good luck !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the design goal for flat panel tv be to manufacture they to be as thin as possible and to minimize the boarder to optimize the view area . unfortunately , this leave very little room for built-in speaker and the consequence be `` tinny '' or `` shrill '' sound from the tv 's tiny speaker . even though a soundbar be relatively small , the sound quality be rich and full . add in the subwoofer , and you will hear the bass that you be \* suppose \* to hear . after listen to the Yamaha yht-400bl sound system , I can barely believe I do not notice the tv 's poor sound quality earlier . pro : 1 -rrb- once you know what configuration you wish to setup , put it together be very simple 2 -rrb- the soundbar be stylish and look like it be part of the tv . con : 1 -rrb- the instruction manual do not specify the configuration where the tv be the central point for the video input source -lrb- dvd player or Set Top box such as appletv -rrb- . 2 -rrb- do not come with hdmus cable or Optical Audio cable . this sort of make sense , as you configuration determine which cable be require -lrb- but not both -rrb- 3 -rrb- yet another remote control to clutter up the coffee table -lrb- or where ever you keep they -rrb- 4 -rrb- the subwoofer be somewhat large and the expose speaker be not very aesthetically please . you also have to make room for the subwoofer . 5 -rrb- the soundbar slightly block the IR remote control receiver on the tv , so I have to raise the remote control high enough to hit the sensor . 6 -rrb- for my configuration -lrb- tv be central point for input -rrb- , the tv speaker must be off , otherwise there be a annoying `` echo '' effect . Yamaha claim this be a extended surround sound , but the echo effect and the mismatch in speaker quality make it , in my opinion , useless . 7 -rrb- if you configure the Yamaha as I do , the result be there be a bunch of electronics in the subwoofer that be not be use . I think Yamaha should have offer a simple configuration , such as the one I be use , and save the customer some money . instead of follow the instruction manual , which suggest have the Yamaha system be the central point for the video input source , I choose to have the tv to be the central point . for this configuration : 1 -rrb- I need to purchase a Optical Audio cable -lrb- I go to Radio shack , pn 15-239 for $ 25.99 -rrb- 2 -rrb- a side benefit be I do not have to move hdmus cabling from the tv to the Yamaha system . conclusion : I buy the Yamaha yht-400bl for ~ $ 300 -lrb- they be clear the channel -rrb- and for that price , I would absolutely buy it again . the latest model -lrb- yht-401bl -rrb- retail for $ 699 , and while not the value what I pay , it be worth consider if you absolutely must have great sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this speaker system for use with a Sony a\/v receiver and a Sony Bravia tv . the system be well packed and arrive undamaged . I have only minor complaint . one : the conductor in the include speaker wire -lrb- nicely strip and tin -rrb- be thin and flimsy - connect they to the speaker be tricky , and banana plug be need to get they connect to the receiver . the connector on the leave , right , and center channel speaker be clip and give the thin conductor it be easy to accidentally disconnect a speaker wire when install the left and right speaker on they -lrb- include -rrb- stand . the way the include stand be construct , it would be nearly impossible to upgrade to thicker speaker cable . those minor quibble aside , assembly and setup be fairly easy and the sound be a huge improvement over the speaker build into the tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a great all-in-one unit for people who do not want component with wire everywhere . the functionality of the 5-disc changer be excellent . if you load audio cd in the tray , it play the disc all the way through then skip to the next disc . switch dvd be as easy as press a button on the front panel or remote control . the sound quality be better than I expect , honestly . it be not terribly loud , but the quality of the sound be very good . each speaker have a functional tweeter along with its full-range speaker . the subwoofer be strong enough to balance the sound from the satellite speaker and contain the amplifier circuitry . a small fan on the back of the subwoofer spin only when need and be silent . the picture quality be very good as well . a 12-bit d-to-a converter make for smooth video quality . output for composite , s-video , and component -lrb- interlaced or progressive scan -rrb- be available . the dvd player also feature three audio input so you can hook up audio component . two of the input be analog -lrb- rca-type -rrb- and one be digital -lrb- rca\/coaxial-type -rrb- . it would have be nice for a video input so you can switch video source like a game system . this player can play almost any disc . CD , mp3 , divx , dvd , VCD , SVCD , CD-TEXT , mpeg-4 , and other . it handle record media -lrb- e.g. , cd-r , dvd-r -rrb- quite nicely and can be make region-free with the same key sequence as the previous model . this be a very good dvd player if you do not need a lot of volume .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	sorry , but I think the sound quality be only mediocre at best . I be not a audophile , but I do have certain expectation . these speaker be basically just computer monitor speaker . as a result , they be most certainly tinny . do not expect a full , rich sound . for video , this be ok because voice fall into the midrange sound category , but , oh man , can it sound harsh during a action sequence . and if you want to use this as a receiver , the sound quality of musical reproduction may dissapoint . I buy this as a ... vehicle to break into dvd \ surround sound . ... I think I get about as much as could be expect and I be not disappointed - but I get what I pay for . do not expect anything more . just by way of comparison , Radio Shack sell small monitor speaker bracket to hold the speaker up on the wall for $ 30 each -lrb- yeah , \* each \* -rrb- . do the math ; the little bracket cost more than the speaker themselves . this system be fine for the college kid , or the basement `` secondary '' set-up , or the family who just want the dvd \ sense surround without the high quality and accompany price . I also agree with another reviewer that the fan be surprisingly loud and if you listen closely to the speaker , you can actually hear a noise impulse that seem to be consistent with the fan rotation - suggest really poor isolation in the electronics . my two sense worth ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	a good sound through the front set of speaker , wireless rear speaker set-up that work ok . but overall work fine . there be no interference with wireless internet . ocassionaly stop work to avoid interference with other electronics in the house ... I have notice it stop when we use the microwave that be near by .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I pull the trigger buy this mainly for the 3d movie for we new LG 3D bd670 -lrb- Amazon -rrb- and Vizio TV . I be a old guy -lrb- 69 -rrb- and set it up have be a challenge . I be thinking of wireless for the back speaker cuz the wife do not want wire run around . the speaker look great . the sub work great also . I just get it hook up with the Optical from the tv and hdmus from the CD Player . I be find out that 4ohm speaker that this unit use be a bit different than the usual 8ohm speaker . gotta be aware of that . the tuner work great and look super . overall the sound be wonderful , the FM radio reception be right on and we use that a lot . we love the new sound available to we , , , , , , again , , , great value , great sound , great look . be nice if it have HDMI , but work great the way it be ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have listen to the other reviewer who say that even at volume ' 1 ' this thing be too loud . there be a digital volume that go from like 0 to 50 or something . I have never try over 3 . if the kid be sleep , 1 be too loud to watch a movie .  also no input , so you can not run a VCR or something through it .  the menu be a bit confusing . it take several minute to figure out how to watch pg movie or enable the surround speaker .  do not throw away the doc , you 'll need the password pin .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	use they with my Sony cube speaker and they be PERFECT . I would not put anything larger on they .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after do reaserch for a small dvd home Theater I find this rca unit . I read some review that say this be a & amp ; quot ; best buy ! & amp ; quot ; , because it can play anything and even display digital picture from a cd . well , it do do everything just poorly . when I get the unit the lid would open and then immediatley close . I figure that be how the unit work and I would have to be quick to chang the cd . after a couple of month I notice that new dvd would skip and freeze . I think it be the dvd but when I test they in a different dvd player they would paly fine . the sound be not the best either . when watch a dvd you can hardly hear people speak . you have turn the volume up to the max to hear the speaking , but if there be music or a explosion the sound be so loud it make I scramble for the remote to turn it down , and then I can not hear the speaking again . needless to say I have have this unit to long to return it and be stick with a dvd player that skip and do not have good sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the Toshiba sd-43htsu and at least one other Toshiba system have a high failure rate . the unit come on , display `` hello ... protection ... Goodbye '' and shut off . search of the web and a call to Toshiba both blame the problem on c27 . for those not electronically mind , that be a Capacitor number 27 . this particular capacitor be a 100uf -lrb- microfarad -rrb- with a voltage rating of 16v . I have replace c27 with a 100uf rate at 25v on the theory that excess voltage be the problem . so far so good . the unit work again ! to replace this capacitor -lrb- which cost less than a dollar at a electronics supply store -rrb- , first remove the top cover . c27 be label in small print on the main board -lrb- biggest and below all other board -rrb- near the center of the instrument . you will have to remove the bottom board entirely , which look complicated but be not really too bad . to get at the main board , and unsolder c27 , you have to remove the main board . do not worry about get the connector back where they come from . they be all key so that they go in only one way and the semi-permanent bend in the wire make it pretty obvious where all the connector go and which way . in the way be a vertical board which run from front to back . this vertical board be also attach permanently to a 3 '' x 5 '' board attach to the rear panel via the video input and output connector . both board come out together if you unfasten the 3 '' x 4 '' board from the rear panel . the vertical board make connection to the main board in two place with edge connector on the vertical board . note how they fit into the main board . remove every screw from the rear panel except those hold the fan and those hold the antenna connector to the rear panel . carefully pull out the two flat cable from the center vertical board and one between the AM\/FM tuner -lrb- small board in the left rear corner of instrument -rrb- to the 3 '' x 5 '' board . one connector with individual wire connect to the dvd assembly . it be solder to the main board , but the connector come out easily at the dvd assembly end . pull the side of the instrument apart very slightly to unsnap the rear panel from the instrument . one connector below the 3 '' x 5 '' board connect to the power supply board directly beneath the 3 '' x 5 '' board . my instrument have a toroid around that cable ... yours may not . pull out all the connector to the main board and remove the 6 screw hold it to the bottom of the chassis . remove the one screw toward the front of the instrument hold the vertical board in place . now you can tip the main board up and get to the back . note that the capacitor have a minus sign on it . you must replace the old capacitor in the same orientation . the minus sign point to the left of the instrument . unsolder c27 and replace with 100uf\/25v . be sure you have connect all the cable up again when you reassemble the unit . the whole job should take less than a hour and it sure beat the price of the repair or shipment to Toshiba . I be visit in Panama at the moment and Toshiba have no repair and no warranty here .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have this system for just about 2 month and I think it be great ! I have no complaint about this system . the overall quality be great whether you be watch a dvd , play a dvd-audio , listen to a cd or even just listen to the stereo . if you be look for a system that be compact , stylish , sound great and do not cost a arm and a leg , get this one !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this model about a year ago . a year ago , I would have give it 4 star . I like that it be small , and the blue light on the face be very attractive . the speaker sound good and the dvd player function fine at first . the thing I notice immediately be that the JVC xv-thm45 would stall during dvd play if there be the slightest blemish or dirt mark on the dvd . never have that problem with my old Panasonic -lrb- which I give away to my parent -rrb- . and when I say stall , I mean it will pause with a jumbled picture for a few minute sometimes right in the middle of a movie . I have to stop , start the movie again from the beginning and skip past the blemish if I can not clean the disk adequately enough for the machine . sometimes , there be not even anythign visibly wrong with the disc . another difficulty I have be I could not receive even the strongest radio station adequately on the FM radio , and I live in a major metropolitan area . so I go to best buy and buy a $ 60 power FM attenna and attach it to the attenna jack in the back . it do not improve the signal whatsoever , not a bit . well , I have another radio in the living room , so I be annoy that I have waste the money , but could get past it . then about 6 month after purchase the player , I notice it would often stop recognize dvd 's if they be insert into the 1st disc position . any other slot work fine . whatever , it be annoying , but I could live with it - it just become a 4-disc changer instead of 5 . now , it be a year into it . Tonight , I go to play a dvd and the machine do not respond to certain button on the remote - namely all the button that control the dvd player . all the menu and navigation button , pause , rewind , play , stop , etc. . the volume and power button work fine . that mean I can no longer navigate dvd menu . that be not a workable situation . so in short , this product have major durability issue . I do not have anything against JVC , and this be the first time a buy a jvc-anything , but it will be the last . it be extremely frustrating when a expensive piece of equipment crap out left and right . it would not make economical sense to fix it . so I spend ~ $ 200 on a piece of equipment that last a year . so here 's my advice to you : 1 . definitely do not buy a JVC xv-thm45 2 . do not buy a product unless you read several review that comment on it be long-term durability -lrb- I guess 1 year be long-term -rrb- . Let 's face it , most thing work fine out of the box , and everyone be proud of the decision they have make , so they'er go to rate it high . but if no one be say `` it be be a year and I love this product '' , think twice . now , onto my search for a replacement dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I receive the package quickly and in good quality . I read alot of the review on this model prior to buy it to see what con I would be face . I find mixed review and decide to go with it . after I receive the system I immediately hook it up . cable be alittle short but I do not mind . the overall quality of the sound be great . overall I be enjoy the setup .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	at $ 149.99 -lrb- at time of purchase -rrb- I be not count on much more than a fair home entertainment system .   it take about 1\/2 hour to set up mainly due to have to move other item around in the living room to accomodate the wiring .   the one page quick setup guide be first rate . everything be clearly marked and this make set the unit up a ` no effort ' proposition . the surround sound wiring be approximately twenty foot . the front and center speaker approximately ten foot . the sub-woofer have the shortest set of wire , but this be moot since it be almost impossible to tell where that low a base be come from . each small speaker also include a smartly design wall bracket .   the on screen menu take a bit of get use to , but be well worth the effort as they expand the sound quaiity in many different way .   the AM\/FM radio be very easy to program with 50 preset for each band . the dvd player automatically detect disk format so there be no need to tell the unit if you be use dvd , CD , CD-R , CD-RW , etc. . it simply ` know . ' I have also hook the tv audio out to the aux1 port so now broadcast channel can be hear through the unit . the aux2 port -lrb- like the aux1 port -rrb- will accomodate input via RCA type jack . the Video in be via rca or s-video jack . dvd control be also very well represent with memory playback , multiple playback speed , angle , etc. . sub-titling be very easy to turn on and off and be instantaneous . in fact the unit respond instantly to all remote command unlike many early unit .   the range of the five small speaker and the sub-woofer be astounding .   I will certainly buy Norcent again in the future .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this awhile back for my new Viore flatscreen tv on a serious budget . after hunting around everywhere I land on this one and give it a shot . keep in mind , I be use this in my bedroom and have not use it outside of that but the quality be great ! I hook it up with a optional input cable through my xbox360 and could not have ask for more ! I have the speaker set up around my bed and on the table in front of it and it be perfect for what I be look for . I be not a tech guru but my boyfriend help I put everything together and he be plan on get one for he bedroom . it be not the killer , magnificent sound you will get with macho speaker but it be great for a secondary room or if you want the pleasure of surround sound without kill you decor . I have watch movie , anime , and play video game on it and so far it have do nothing but please ! I have find that you need to adjust the sound accord to what you be play but from my experience with any kind of speaker be that be normal . it do not reset to baseline volume at least from what I can tell . my sibling and I watch the entire Inuyasha anime on it -lrb- 160 + episode -rrb- and each time we boot it up and pop it in , the sound be set the way I have leave it the night before . -lrb- once again , not a tech junkie ! xd -rrb- I definitely recommend this for both it be great price and great quality ! this little system seriously deliver and I be very happy with the choice I make for my new system !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the unit have good base sound and be convenient because the subwoofer be located in the unit itself . this make for a compact sound system with good sound . however , while the sound be good , the simulated surround sound be not a plus for I . I also be disapoint that there be no input for my ipod and no connection to the internet in order to play XM radio or Pandora . I do get the unit for a great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be nice product huh : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a very high quality receiver with ample inputs\/outputs -lrb- 4 s-video input ; 3 assignable -lrb- 2 optical , 1 coax . -rrb- digital audio input -rrb- and great audio capability , include Dolby pro II -- a improvement over original that you can actually hear . dvd with Dolby Digital or DTS produce amazingly good sound on this system , although subwoofer can be a little boomy . note that these speaker be unusually large compare to similar price home theater system . check size if you have limit space or prefer less intrusive electronics . -lrb- whole system come in a single box that be about the size of -- and weigh about as much as -- a medium size refrigerator . -rrb- I look a long time and do not find a system -lrb- or individual component for that matter -rrb- that provide combination of quality , feature and price as the ht-s650 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	so far the home theater system be fine . at first sound be not up to par until I buy a optic hookup to replace the rca cord . one small irritating problem be the sound mute sometimes when change channel ... might be Charter Cable . ??? sound return when change back and fourth or on and off .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this model have a major flaw . Whenever a CD or dvd be play , a fairly loud high-pitched hum can be hear from the front 2 speaker . at first I though I just have a bad unit . I return it and get another - same problem . I replace that one - same problem . finally I check out the floor model in a retail store - same problem ! the scht95 be unusable - the sound be so loud that it make it impossible to enjoy listen to you cd or dvd . two other problem : the unit get extremely hot and it take a very long time to switch between disc . Panasonic should discontinue this model .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I just buy this system after two year of major search . unfortunately , I should have wait another two year .  pro  can play almost any type of audio\/video disk Easy setup the main player look impressive  con  can not perform the most basic operation of my older , lesser Sony model ; include : can not change one disk while play another , and no shuffle mode ! -lrb- note to self ... never throw a party -rrb-  the sound be shallow , tinny , and weak . the listener be remind of a alarm clock radio . when in `` surround sound mode '' the listener be remind of several alarm clock radio .  the speaker be , in my opinion , very outlandish look . you 'll have difficulty incorporate they into any decor ; unless of course you live in a laboratory or industrial facility .  bottom-line  I would hold out on home theater for now . wait another two year for the high-end -lrb- $ 600 - $ 1000 -rrb- model to come down in price . also , power satellite speaker will be available within two year for a good price . that mean no more wire in you living room , so even the most unnatractive speaker can stay relatively hide .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	set up could not be easier ... right out-of-the-box . assembly be simple and connection be clearly describe . if you have the Panasonic HD tv with arc and Blu-Ray , no problem . you will need to have 3 hdmus cable : -lrb- 2 -rrb- output - from you cable box or satellite box and disc player to the subwoofer and one for the output from the subwoofer to the ARC connection on you tv . no arc ? check out the other review . the sound be a amazing improvement from the tv speaker . watch avatar on Blu-Ray and the sound and picture just blow I away . if you have a small to medium size room , this system be for you . no hesitation on the 5 star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	good value to I the sound be great and have the speaker apart . Bass be load enough for I and have it hook up to a cheap tv which really improve the sound . this system be very hard to find .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I own several Toshiba product and have be happy with every one . once again I be amaze at the workmanship , quality , and price of another fine Toshiba product . before buy the Toshiba sd-43ht I make the mistake of go really cheap and by another system from a retail chain . the maker of the cheap system be AMW . I be so dissapointed with the AMW system that I return it within a hour of set it up . I then decide to really research the Home Theater market before buy anything else . I come across the Toshiba sd-43ht and decide to give it a try . WoW !!! it be easy to set up and the sound be amazing for a 320watt system . have a DTS decoder be a must for amazing surround sound . many dvd movie have the DTS Digital as a audio option , and believe I , DTS digital sound be higher quality than Dolby 5.1 digital . another benefit with this system be that plenty of speaker wire be include to allow speaker placement just about anywhere . I also like have the digital optical speaker input so that I be able to hook up my Playstation 2 's optical sound port to the Toshiba sd-43ht optical sound port and use the DTS decoder with Grand theft auto Vice City . this system be versatile and be a must have in you home . you will not be dissapoint with the price , or the quality in the Toshiba SD-43HT Theater System .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when I walk into the bose store and hear this system playing , I be overwhelm . the crispness of the sound , frequency range , sound distribution , powerful bass ... I immediately ask for a personal demo , and I be even more perplexed when they give I the regular bose design demo where they show you the wonder that this system can do . the surround sound be magnificent , and even if you have a mono or stereo recording it will simulate the surround sound in the greatest way I could have imagine . I could not believe that I be listen to a 50 's mono record in full surround sound at one point , and it sound excellent ! the demo of how the bass seem to come from the little speaker instead of the subwoofer be also very impressive . you hear the powerful and rich bass come from this tiny speaker , but when they cover the woofer on the subwoofer you notice the bass be go , even though it seem to be come from the little speaker ! Pretty cool stuff . not to mention these tiny speaker produce a sound that be better than regular speaker that be 10 time the size . bose really hit a home run with this technology , and if you be consider it you definitely should go for it . I have never listen to music like I do now . it be a totally new experience .  as for the new system with 6 CD Changer or dvd player , it be you choice . I buy this unit because I just want the speaker and a receiver to connect my dvd player\/mp3 player\/computer to -lrb- although it do have a CD player -rrb- , and this system be great for that , at the best price for a lifetime system . if you do not have you own dvd player and you want to use it for that you may want to consider the other .  also , there be newer model of the lifestyle system that come with some new speaker -lrb- jewel -rrb- that be even smaller -lrb- and more expensive -rrb- . I try these new system and I notice the small speaker could not produce a sound as crisp and rich as the lifestyle 12 speaker . the sound be much more metallic , like a cymbal , instead of be rich and velvety . if you be try to decide , do not let this factor influence you in you decision . just go for the one that be right for you price range and need . and above all , go visit a bose store and ask for a demo and listen for yourself !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Consumer Reports rate this a best buy . I pick up my system today . take more time to unpack the system and pull out the old equipment than to setup the new system . total cake walk . if people only new how easy it be to setup a system like this , everyone would have a 5.1 system in they house . not sure what everyone be talk about complicate . it be very remote drive , but it have dvd , VCR , FM\/AM , so what I expect .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the product make you feel like you be in a theater . one thing must be point out it be a additional $ 300 - to make the surround speakre wireless , and that be wireless from the main unit only . not specify in the instruction . I live with the extra charge . still get mu money worth .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	great product for the price . note : it be not obvious to I that the surround -lrb- back -rrb- speaker be not wireless , they connect to the subwoofer that be wireless -lrb- except for ac power -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well , this unit be great until it die . now , like a majority of people who have review this , I be have the exact same problem . I turn it on , it be good for a few moment , -lrb- usually less than a minute -rrb- , and then I hear some thump from the sub and deadsy . my guess be it be the power supply or maybe the cooling system , either way , there be a common theme among these unit , whatever be defective in mine , be most likely defective in everyone els .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this for a vacation home which have large flat screen tv and blue Ray player . do not really want 5 speaker and\/or receiver due to space limitation . the unit be small but full feature . sound be more than adequate for movie and regular tv . to augment a flat screen tv and hook up to the dvd player , this unit be a great fit . cost be in line with similar quality item although there be no real direct competitor that I have see .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Audiovox dv1201 5.1-channel dvd home Theater System
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	like the feature , but after set it up find the GUI be totally unusable . the remote send command , -lrb- I could see the red light on the reciever blink ... -rrb- but it would not respond ... it act like it be run Windows for the OS and be try to load outlook or something . LG customer service be useless . what a waste of time !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	better than I expect . Wireless subwoofer with speaker that plug into the subwoofer be outstanding . a great surround sound or the economy mind .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this be my first home theater system . I read the review and purchase the Koss c220 with a good idea of what to expect . the audio output be excellent ... the best my ear have ever listen to . the subwoofer have the capability to vibrate my hardwood floor and window , but I rarely keep it that loud .  the con ... the on-screen display -lrb- osd -rrb- be not very user-friendly . you just see a row of icon on the screen , and it be not obvious what they control . Scroll all the way to the right , and more mysterious icon appear . the same go for the remote . this unit definitely have a learning curve . I think Koss -lrb- or whoever design the system -rrb- use icon so the same unit could be ship to any country and not have to change the OSD depend on the language speak there . the elapsed time be display on the front of the unit , and can not be display on the screen which be unfortunate . as other have mention , the unit be a bit temperamental depend on what you want to do . you must be in the dvd mode to insert or eject a dvd . to configure the audio , you have to be in dvd mode with no dvd in the drive . to set the clock on the display , you have to be tune into one of the two a\/v tuner . I have to dig out the manual every time to figure out which mode to be in and icon to press everytime I need to configure something .  the dvd player seem overly sensitive to any scratch on dvd , cd-r , and cd-rw . the dvd player on my computer have no problem read the same cd and dvd . the speaker wire be plenty long for my small living room . the dvd unit be relatively heavy and barely slide into the shelf in my entertainment center . after use the c220 for 6 month , the CD tray need a little help go in and out . oh well , I mostly watch tv anyway . I purchase a display unit , so I do not have much money invest in it .  overall , it be a excellent starter home theater system , and now I have a good idea what to look for when I upgrade .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this product come complete . I be a bit hesitant to give it as a gift not know for sure the sound bar be include , but once it be open and install , we be all very pleased with the result .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we buy this system about 4 month ago when move into a new place . when compare it to higher price Sony model and whatnot , we find this one to have the most and best feature for the most reasonable price .  Pioneer be well know for its high standard in audio quality and be probably one of the best in the industry . it have 5 speaker plus a subwoofer . the speaker be back right , back left , front right , front left , and one that go on top of you television . the overall appearance be very impressive . the subwoofer can either stand up or lay on its side , which ever you prefer . we decide to put it under the couch to create a more realistic and captivating effect .  the dolby digital encoding in this thing be superior . for example , in a movie a car could be drive from the left of the screen to to the right and the sound of the automobile will actually seem to move across you room because of the effect the speaker produce . it be as if you be actually in a theater . very deep clear sound . we preview many different home theater system from best buy and other electronics store and this one be by far the best . it have a cleaner , crisper , deeper , more resonant sound than other model such as the more expensive sony . no hiss or click sound like the other produce because they can not handle the amount of sound . also , it have ton of different preset theater surround sound you can pick from to give you dvd the best sound possible . some of they that I can remember off hand be Action , Drama , musical , virtual Surround 1 , Virtual Surround 2 -lrb- my favorite -rrb- , and there be many many more that I can not remember right now .  another feature that make this model superior to its competitor be that it be all in one unit . the receiver and 5-dvd changer be all in one so you do not have to worry about the bulk that other system cause . this be especially helpful if you live in a small place or a apartment ... or if you just do not want alot of equipment take up alot of space . we have ours in a small stand with a VCR and Playstation 2 and everything fit just fine . also , if you be worry about the 5-dvd changer ... I have have some in the past that have break , but this one be incredibly smooth and do not glich at all . Superior workmanship .  one of the best thing about this system be that you can run anything through the surround sound system . we go to RadioShack and buy some extra cord and be able to connect we VCR and Playstation 2 through the surround sound system . you would not believe the effect this thing produce . it be amazing . when you can not rent something on dvd , you can rent it on VHS and still get the same surround sound effect . there be probably even a way to hook the actual tv through the system , but we have not figure it out yet , or we have not buy the right cord . but it do have a tv option , so I be sure that you could .  another thing that I must add in be the amazing quality of video . this dvd system produce crystal clear picture . you can definitely tell the difference between a movie in my Sanyo VCR and a dvd in my Pioneer . also , I use to have a Panasonic dvd player prior to this purchase , and the Pioneer look 10 time better . very clear . great color balance and depth . amazing .  Pioneer definitely take a step up with this home theater system . the all around package be just incredible . the $ ... you be spend be definitely worth it . especially since some of the higher price model do not even have many of the feature or sound capacity that this model pack . we already know Pioneer be great with sound , and now the Video capability open up a whole new world of Home Theater Entertainment .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	it be be couple of day i have this product , i have both goods and bad to share .  Goods : 1 -rrb- excellent sound quality 2 -rrb- very stylish 3 -rrb- ability to play all kind dvd 's , mp3 disc , VCD 's and of course regular cd 4 -rrb- sound be good enough for any bedroom or office room , but not for a big size living room 5 -rrb- have a pretty good AM\/FM tuner  bad : 1 -rrb- what the heck a fan be do behind the reciever , I have play with so many music system but none have a fan -lrb- probably mean for cooling . -rrb- 2 -rrb- you can not use random feature with mp3 disc , i guess this be a very desirable feature . 3 -rrb- Wish there be a clock\/alarm feature 4 -rrb- Speaker wire be not lengthy enough for a decent size bedroom
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	exactly what I be look for . great price , delivery and support .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	as other have say , this system be a great value . the receiver be excellent and the speaker be not bad .  in this price range , most other company give you a lower quality receiver with less flexibility . the Onkyo receiver have low distortion , plenty of power , and a large number of input -lrb- include component video -rrb- for greater flexibility when integrate with you other av component . the receiver be good enough to keep even if you later decide to upgrade the speaker .  the speaker be good consider the price , but do not compare they with audiophile grade speaker . the speaker be much larger than those in most other home theater system in this price range . due to the physics inherent in sound reproduction , it be easier to make a good speaker in a reasonably large package than it be in a tiny package . these speaker be not trade off sound quality and level just to make they small .  the center and two front speaker have bass port in the rear , so they sound best when not place against a wall . also , the tweeter of the front speaker should be place at ear level , which might require the use of speaker stand -lrb- generally true for any speaker system -rrb- . when I raise or lower my head signifiantly above or below the tweeter , I could easily notice a decrease in clarity . it be also good to have the speaker point at the listener , but this be less critical due to the vertical arrangement of the tweeter in between the two mid-range .  the three surround speaker have a forward face bass port , so it be fine to set they against the wall . I just hang they on the wall use the mount hole on the back of each speaker .  as another reviewer have mention , the speaker cable that come with the system be 24 gauge , which be rather thin . it be worth upgrade to better wire . no need to spend a lot on the cable though . 16 gauge copper wire from the local home center should do fine . I set up two speaker next to each other , one with the 24 gauge wire and the other with 12 gauge copper wire , and listen to the pink noise output by the receiver . the difference between they be easy to discern , with the thicker wire give a stronger high end .  the subwoofer be fine for watch movie but can be somewhat boomy for listen to music . when reproduce explosion in movie , boominess be not a bad thing , but when reproduce organ tone , the subwoofer have a tendency to boom on the low tone . I manage to reduce the boominess by fill the subwoofer with one pound of polyester fiberfill -lrb- available at the craft store -rrb- . I open up the subwoofer by remove the screw hold the bottom board and then remove the screw hold the speaker driver . then I lift out the driver and place it to the side of the hole -lrb- be careful not to pull on the wire -rrb- . then I evenly stuff the subwoofer with the fiberfill , be sure to keep the fiberfill away from the end of the port and from the heat sink on the amplifier . this help to reduce the boominess without reduce the overall sound pressure level . the subwoofer still be not able to reproduce the lowest organ tone -lrb- ~ 20 hz -rrb- but that be to be expect of any subwoofer not cost many time more .  i find that the bass sound stronger and more even when I set the subwoofer crossover to 100 hz instead of the default 80 hz . I think the main speaker have trouble reproduce sound much below 100 hz , so it be better to send those to the subwoofer .  overall , this be a great system , and even if you just set up the system out of the box -lrb- read the manual -rrb- , it 'll still be better than most other in this price range . but the system can be make even better with just a few tweak .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have two of these . one be a model that be no longer availible and the other be the current model . I boughtthe first to replace a sony rack system that i have for about ten year . I would still be usee it if lighting have not burn it beyond repair . I try many through a rental company and find that thy do not meet the quality that i have become acustome to . when I find this system , it once again make I ask the question , be that dog bark outside or on the tv ? the only thing that i have a complant about be that I have a dvd and sit PVR and both have digital audio out . the older version only have the one in with the choice of either optical or coaxial . this one have they seperate between video 2 and video 3 . I love it now . I still use they both .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this at christmas time . it sound alright but i could not help but notice the speaker kind of suck , except for the sub . I order some polk audio monitor 60 series ii tower and now my music sound great . the receiver be also pretty really really good and have many option to make it sound good . the biggest problem i have be that the stock wire be only like 24 g and when i run my back surround hardly any noise would come out of they due to loss of signal . after get better , thicker speaker wire , the system start to sing ! the speaker do not sound so bad anymore . actually they sound pretty good but i know they do not sound as good as my polk tower because during a movie they be a type writer and you could hear the typing from leave to center to right and every time it get to the center channel you would notice a different sound than that of the tower . definitely not as good as the polk . I run Dolby pro logic with for movie and direct for music which use the two tower and the sub only . sound amazing ! can not beat the price . you will laugh at people go to walmart to buy home theater because you know that do you home work be well worth it and you get the better deal .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this product a couple of month ago and have to agree with a previous review that Sony have simply combine a dvd component with a receiver component and speaker . therefore , setup be trickier because there be no detailed instruction on how the two component work together , except for draw show how the two system `` could '' be connect . but while I be no av expert , it be clear to I that setup of audio component can be achieve in a number of different way . I will say it take I more time that I desire to setup this system .  that be say , I have be very happy with the quality of the sound and output of the system . the 5 disc dvd player be great for shuffling cd and when play a dvd , the dvd player have a setting that automatically detect the dvd recording type and select the optimum setting .  initially I have problem figure out the remote . in fact , the instruction talk about `` when you press so and so button ,  text will be display '' but what be not clear be that they mean the text be display on you tv when in `` video mode '' , not on the dvd display . after I figure this out , adjust dvd setting be easy .  overall I like the system , the sound be very nice and be just what I be look for . I would say that if Sony would include some better documentation that would discuss the component together as a system they could alleviate a lot of the setup confusion .  I would buy this system again .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this thing be so great ! watch movie , espically war movie with lot of gun fire , sound so great ! with the bass all the way and the volume loud , it doesnt click or scratch ! you will love it !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be really please with this system . I buy this for a office in my house so I be look for something small , cheap and high quality . there be a combination that you do not find often . you certainly do here though . the receiver itself be quite small as be the speaker . setup be very easy . each speaker cable have a color code connector so it be pretty hard to get wrong . the length of cable for the front 3 speaker be fine though I have to add some extra for the rear speaker . the main selling point for I be the fact that this unit have 3 hdmus in . it allow I to connect my cable box , Mac Mini and match Sony Blu Ray player and switch between they very easily . I find no other system in this price range that have the diverse in and out that this have . one thing that concern I be whether or not the remote code would work with my Verizon Fios box . none of the build in Sony code work , but the auto scan feature find a matching code pretty quickly and it work great . it so nice to only have to use one remote 95 % of the time . I be pleasantly surprise by the sound of this system . I be not say it be go to please the serious audiophile out there , but for its give purpose , it be excellent . I would actually say that the surround decoding be supperior to the far more expensive system I have attach to my primary tv setup . the only knock I can give this thing be that it have very few physical button or knob . almost everything have to be do with the remote . this , in and of itself , be fine . it make setup a bit of a headache though . there be lot of drill through menu to find what you be look for . you should only need to do this once though and the menu be logically organize - just time consume to sift through . overall , for $ 199 ship , I really could not be happier . I would recommend this system to anyone . it would even work fine as a primary system as long as you understand that its not that $ 1000 system you have have you eye on .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this unit be a replacement for one that be steal out of we fifth-wheel trailer . we be hope it work as well as the original unit . we be very pleased with the davs500 unit and be happy to find a almost exact unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	when consider buy a home theater or speaker set , Panasonic be not my first choice . in the end I decide to go for sc-htb15 mainly because it would probably go well with my Panasonic plasma tv . and it do . this 2.1 system be a big improvement over the built-in tv speaker ; sound feel deeper and richer . Panasonic vera-link work as advertise ; i can turn on\/off and adjust volume with my tv remote or cable remote . for $ 221 I think it be a worthy investment -lrb- most other major brand sound bar or 2.1 system run from 300 to some over 1000 -rrb- . some downside of this otherwise great product : 1 . htb15 require a hdmus , or a hdmus cable plus a optical cable if you tv do not support latest hdmi-arc feature . neither cable be include in the box , and I have to run off to nearby electronic store to find cable , which add another $ 40 to the total cost . 2 . the dialog clear mode work great , but I can not turn on\/off this feature on the control panel . this can only be operate through speaker remote . it would be great if I could access full function with my tv remote thru vera-link . 3 . I find that at low volume htb15 do not sound any better than built-in tv speaker ; I have to turn up the volume to at least mid range that the bass and depth of sound really come alive .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this Sony home theater system produce a pretty good sound for the dvd I watch . it be amazingly easy to set up and overall , I be please with it . the only downside for I be that it be suppose to provide the same surround sound to tv broadcast , too . what they do not tell you , however , be that it only do so if you have cable or satellite service . the regular , `` over-the-air '' channel will not be transmit in the surround mode . if it do , I would be totally happy with the system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	for my first home theater system , I be look for something that do not consume so much space , yet produce high-quality surround sound effect and it should be economical . after one week I buy this product , I confirm that it fulfil all of my requirement . the speaker fit easily under my tv , with the woofer-receiver fitting in the shelf and I test with 7.1 and 5.1 channel dvds\/movies and I hear clear surround sound effect . and I get this for the gold-box deal for $ 249 . to output my tv audio , I have to buy a optical audio digital cable . as mention , this be my first home theater and hence I can not compare with any other product . I really like what I buy and if I want to get a better effect , I will rather go to a movie theater .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the perfect solution for a mediumish room and if you do not want to run a bunch of wire . the integrate sub in the receiver be genius level . we use it in we upstairs live room just to give we a little extra umph for we movie while the kid watch they stuff downstairs on the big system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be very picky with my recommendation , but this system be one you can not beat for the price . I love the fact that you can get this without a dvd player , for those who already have one seperately . you 'll hear movie and music in a way you never have before . get ready to be blow away .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I just set up mine yesterday . it sound great , dvd sound excellent . Plays everything include svcd but on certain scene the picture start scroll and you can not do anything about it . sound be more than good enough for a small room . problem with av : I connect my vcr\/cable tv through av1\/av2 but now sometimes the color appear too bright or the picture start scroll on certain channel . but if I connect vcr\/cable to tv directly then they work fine . the remote control do not control anything else and no universal remote control work on this dvd player . AM\/FM tuner be great but , the subwoofer do not work while play FM . mp3 and all tv channel sound great with sub . overall its worth the money -lrb- $ 80 -rrb- on sale . while watch Cable tv I take video signal which come directly to tv and sound from this system and the combination be great .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	my family buy the RCA blu-ray rtb1100 during the after-thanksgiving sale . we get it all hook up only to have the blu-ray player freeze up multiple time . we exchange it for another one . again the blu-ray player freeze up in the middle of the movie . we try different blu-ray and dvd and the same thing happen . we be very frustrated and will be replace it with another brand .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we get this about two year ago from Sam 's Club . it have be nothing but trouble . we return the first system because it would not read any disc . the second system have multiple problem : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it will not read the cd or dvd at least 50 % of the time . no kidding , sometimes I put 5 disc in there and it will cycle through all five and then finally say `` no disc . '' there be nothing wrong with the disc ; sometimes I can get they to work after multiple try -lrb- and sometimes not -rrb- . -lrb- 2 -rrb- the surround sound usually do not work . my husband give I a post-it note that we keep on the system with a series of step we have to take to reset it so that the blue light come on . -lrb- 3 -rrb- when they do work , the back speaker hiss . even though Amazon no longer carry this unit I be search to find out if there be any recall or anyone else with the same problem . we register it on the Samsung website to see if they come up with a recall notice . -lrb- we be about to dump we Canon digital camera recently when it stop work - it be past warranty - but my husband find out it have a recall on it . they fix it without charge . -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a awesome sound system ! no matter what size the room , it make you feel like you in a small movie theater . the receiver do great with all dolby 5.1 . , and it work great with Digital Cable or a dish . buy this and you will not be sorry !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be over all very pleased with this product . hook up be very easy and it even add some extra upscaling to the PS3 if you be hook it up to one . sound quality be great and the subwoofer be very powerful if you be someone look for that extra boom to you home theater . I would definitely recommend this because the price be not too good be true and this be a quality system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Update : just pair up these speaker with the Onkyo ht-rc370 w \/ 4 Ohms setting and all I can say be WOW ! now I can feel the true power of these speaker . simply amazing ! I be get this set for the satellite speaker . the sub that come with it be fine . the receiver do not have HDMI so I will definitely upgrade that . so far I have try dvd , bluray , music cd , ps3 game -lrb- btw , killzone3 surround be crazy ! -rrb- , and karaoke -lrb- I have my own personal minus studio ... hehe -rrb- . the SOUND be SO CLEAR ! I will purchase the 7.1 system to have extra speaker just in case . once these speaker run out , they be go forever . sl do not do home theater anymore . but I believe they still do concert hall . BTW , thank you av-express for the fast shipping ! now I just want to re-watch all my favorite movie . I believe they be `` hidden gem '' speaker because you be get concert hall , studio , etc. , quality speaker for small phenomenal cost . at least for a entry level home theater system , not sure what can beat this for the price . if you know another set of home theater system that be price similar to this which you think be high quality , please comment . thanks in advance .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a excellent entry-level system -- and you can not beat the price for the performance . if you want a solid 5.1 surround sound system for less than $ 200 , you will not find a better one than the Sony ht-ddw660 . my friend with a Onkyo super-system be amaze at the clarity and depth I get out of this simple Sony -- he say it be every bit as good as he $ 1,000 + system , albeit with fewer bell and whistle . I install this with my Panasonic HD tv and Hughes DirectTV\/TiVo HD receiver use a optical cable -lrb- which you must buy separately -rrb- , and the Sony system automatically switch to the optimal sound configuration on the fly . excellent for the rest of my family who do not want to fiddle with the remote . the digital coax connection make hook up a dvd a breeze , too . I recommend that you also buy the optional speaker stand -lrb- Sony ws-fv11 -rrb- which will cost you another $ 200 for two pair -- odd that four speaker stand cost as much as the actual system -- but they be worth it . my only -lrb- all minor -rrb- complaint be : - the power be a bit low -- you really have to crank it up to get some strong volume . if you have a big room for you home theater , get a bigger sound system than this . - beware switching to FM radio before turn the sound down ; for some reason , the volume level on the radio receiver be MUCH higher than for the tv\/surround sound , so you get blast if you just switch over withor readjust the volume -- weird . - wire into the subwoofer be permanent , unlike the connection for the other five speaker . not a big deal , but you 'll have to cut and splice if you want to use you own speaker cable . - optical cable should have be include . they give you a digital coax , but why not the optical cord ? - pay special attention to the part number on the back of the five speaker -- they determine the proper left\/right\/front \/ back placement -- I miss this when I first set up the system - I be have some trouble configure my Hughes TiVo remote to control the ht-ddw660 -- the recommend TiVo code do not work . Time to get a $ 200 universal remote , I guess ... as I say , all of these be minor complaint -- in general , I be extremely pleased with the sound quality . I keep have to remind myself that I spend less than $ 200 for this great system . highly recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this be just a small forwarning for anyone thinking of buy this . take note that the unit only have one audio input . now this may be fine if you happen to actually own a tv with a main audio out option -lrb- I for one own 3 television , one of which be only a month old , none of which have this -rrb- . basically what this mean be that if you have several item hook to you tv -lrb- ps2 , Xbox , xbox360 , VCR , Satelite or Cable box etc etc -rrb- you will need to hook and unhook each item as need to have they in surround sound . this be a disapointment as I be try to upgrade from my current Kenwood system which have 5 audio\/video + 1 audio only input\/outputs . the reason for the upgrade be my new hdtv , which bring I to my other disapointment for this system . although it do have component output -lrb- ie red , blue , green -rrb- , it only output at 480i\/480p . if you have a hdtv capable of 720p\/1080i this will likely not be suffient for you . you 'll have to take the other reviewer word on sound quality etc , I never get as far as to actually hook it up after look at the back of the system , read the manual etc. . just feel the need to write this as I only purchase it base on it be good user review : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	there be plenty of good review here , so I would only add that this Onkyo be more than powerful for BIG room . I have it on a 17x34 foot -lrb- 5x10 meter -rrb- room , and it sound perfectly , so , unless you be some kind of king , it should be enough .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have only use this product for a short time , but be irritated by the fact that it do not play many dvd 's straight from the box . the `` not format for this region '' problem can be fix by call the service number for zenith product on the back of the owner manual . the problem be a simple setting that the manual do not cover . it take only a minute to fix once connect with the help people . after the fix , the product work great , but I must give rating of 3 because of the dvd screw up . otherwise I would give the product a 4 or 5 for ease of setup and use and it perform the way I would expect a lower cost unit to perform . if it do not play some dvd 's , call the number !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this definitely be not a professional sound set up if youre look for one . it work alright for my and my friend play music through we laptop , and i plug it into the tv for movie . the sub be not up to par , sound very fake . the whole thing look straight out of the 90 's . not have a separate counsel to point the remote at get old too . the remote they give you control the way the sound come out of the speaker , BUT also happen too be the size of 3 stamp line up . mean I lose it almost daily . sound quality be alright . can get a bit fuzzy when it be louder , and im pretty sure i blow a speaker already too . it be cheap though , so for the money i recommend it . I just learn my lesson to put a little more money in it next time .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I decide to take a chance with the Samsung and save a lot of money . I also doubt I 'll be in my small condo for more than a few year so why spend $ 900 on something I 'll probably want to replace in a few year anyway . positive : the sound be great with plenty of thump from the sub , satellite look good , dvd look amazing on my Sony hdtv and the 5-disc changer come in handy with a NetFlix account . I replace a nice Sony system with this and the sound be just as good . I have a 12x12 living room with hardwood and I have have to turn it up higher than my old str component but I have never need more than 75 % . negative : the unit do overheat after about 2 hour of watch the first movie so I just cut a larger hole in the cardboard in the back of my tv stand and have not have a problem since . the blue light around the volume be annoy if you want to watch a movie with all the light off but the remote have a dimmer button where you can turn down the intensity of the light or off completely . my only complaint about this be that it always turn on with the light on full intensity no matter what state it be in when you turn off the receiver . my biggest complaint be the connector you must use to connect the speaker to the receiver . I already have monster Cable run so I just strip and crimped the wire just before the connector but I would have much rather just run my wire directly into the receiver . overall I would highly recommend this to anyone look to get a great product at a great price for a small to medium size room . the cost savings be well worth the few complaint I have above and I be not even sure I 'll try to replace it if I move into a larger place . a true audiophile may be able to point out negative in the sound quality but I have not hear anything that I do not like .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	price and performance be what I want and get . I need something to replace my old break down speaker system . the crummy speaker on my tv would not cut it . setup be simple ; it be practically plug and play . I get what I expect . nothing fancy or blow you out of the room but good enough to get the job do . the room it be in be a fairly large odd shaped room but that do not seem to affect the performance at all . I would recommend this to anyone on a budget that just need to get actual sound from whatever you be watch or play .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love my Phillips Surround Sound . I love the clarity of the sound and the ease of use be wonderful . my son-in-law hook it all up for I so I can not say much about that except he get finish very quickly . he love anything by Phillips . it be by he recommendation that I purchase this system . I think you would be very satisfied with this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well , when I unpack the box of this rather inexpensive home theater and take the fifteen or so minute to hook it up , I have less than fantastic expectation .  I be thrill to hear the quality of the sound when I finally sit down to watch a movie with the new system , but disturb when I find out that the loud , booming theater-like audio salvo that be assault my apartment be the product of volume level one . the scale go to over thirty , I believe -lrb- and I can only imagine who would take it up that high -rrb- , but , as you would suspect , there be nothing below one that produce any sound at all .  I could not watch the movie that night ... or any night for that matter . if I have , I be sure the neighbor would have be beat down the door . it be far too loud for any but the most diehard of loud-theater-like sound fan . the manual and other review say adjust the `` Dynamic '' set within one of the menu help resolve this , but it do not seem to do much at all with the unit I purchase .  the next day , I pack everything back into its box and return it to the retailer . I later purchase a similarly price Venturer model ... it be scale go to 100 , and one be nearly inaudible . much more control ... nearly the same sound quality .  I would stay away from this model unless the room it will be install in be of massive proportion and you enjoy wipe blood from you ear .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	BEEN A BOSE FANATIC and will be one for LIFE TIME !! want to LISTEN to DEPTH of UNADULTERED SOUND ? look no FUTHER ITS BOSE NOTHING ELSE MATTERS WANT A ROOM FULL of SOUND NOT A ROOM FULL of SPEAKERS WHERE the most minute sound from a crack of a glass can not only be HEARD BUT feel with dept
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have own this system since June 2004 . ok for a basic system , but you can do better , even with home-theater-in-a-box . in many way , I prefer my old 1997 Pioneer 5x100w receiver & 1999 Pioneer dvd player . pro 's - very stylish look - great sound clarity for this level system - appreciate the color-code speaker connection CON 's - it be reasonably loud , but i just do not feel the raw power . my friend have a $ 2000 Denon system that have the same clarity , but shake you to the bone ! more comparably , i have a 1997 Pioneer system w \/ 100w per channel -lrb- same as dav-fc8 -rrb- , but feel more powerful , albeit way less refine . - occasionally , dvd will start-up with no sound . a power-off\/power-on sequence usually fix this - surround sound seem weak - my LR surround speaker have become very staticy . sony do not sell a replacement part , so they want $ 130 to repair . - disc take a long time to change\/load . make this worse , the dvd player do not resume a disc from where you leave off after turn the system off\/on . - you can not save separate sound field 's for each function -lrb- video-in , Tuner , dvd , etc. -rrb- - the front speaker be easily topple by a small child -lrb- my 9-month old nephew , in this case -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be very impressed with the quality of the sound , and the speaker come with plenty of wire and be very easy to put together . they be also tiny ; you do not even notice where they be unless you be listen for they . the glow-in-the-dark remote be a good idea , although there be so many tiny button on it I have to put mark next to the one I use most often with a paint pen .  I be use a switch-box with mine to hook up sound from two computer , a local antenna through a VCR and a satellite receiver through a VCR . all of they sound great , even route through the box . I have the satellite hook up directly to the receiver and there be no difference in sound quality between the direct line and the one through the VCR and switch-box . even the headphone option -lrb- standard 1\/8 stereo jack like on you portable device -rrb- sound great . the `` sound field '' option allow you to change the sound base on what type of movie , music or game you be listen to .  I can make my own music sound live , and I make mine on a computer !  also , you have composite , component and s-video option to fit whatever type of tv and VCR you have . you can mix and match if you need to . it come with AM and FM antenna , but I do not listen to radio , so I have not try they .  the dvd\/cd player be incorporate into the a\/v receiver , which save on space . I already have a dvd player , and could have spend ... less to get a similar Sony system with just a receiver , but this offer currently come with the promise of 5 free dvd 's ... however ...  you do not find out until you get you confirmation email that the dvd 's be they choice , not yours . I believe they be :  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon Random Hearts the 6th day fool rush in , and vertical limit  you do not even get to choose five out of a list of ten , or anything . that be it , take it or leave it . I be only interested in one of those movie , and I already own it . now if I redeem the rebate I 'll have to find someone who be interested in each of they to buy they , or sell they to we local `` use '' store -lrb- which be actually a half-hour drive for I -rrb- . in either case , I 'll be lucky to get -lrb- money -rrb- . if I have know there be no choice in the dvd 's , I probably would have go with the other system .  the system itself deserve 5 star , but I have to subtract one for the misleading ad . that be just wrong .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after look for a home theater system for some time that would not bankrupt I , i finally find this one . for ... you really can not go wrong , it do DTS as well as dolby digital and despite the speaker only be small they 'll go pretty damn loud with very little distortion . it have plenty of connection for hook up you tv\/vcr\/cable and CD player etc and it also come supply with the phono cable to do it . as for the subwoofer not work , i think i would get a faulty unit but the subwoofer have it be own volume control on the back and you have to turn it on on the amplifier itself , the subwoofer be turn off by default . my only gripe be that it do not come supply with a optical cable and my dvd player do not have a coaxial digital output . other than that i would reccomend this system to anyone who want a decent home theater for not a lot of money .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have have the KLH ha7000 for just about a year . I be in the middle of watch a dvd when the screen freeze . I have to take the system apart to get the dvd out and now it will not work at all . I turn it on and it say welcome . none of the other function work , so now I be stick with a almost $ 200 piece of junk ! do not buy this product , it be a piece of crap . I wish I have read other review before buy because the general consensus be , Crap .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this soundbar with rear speaker be great for what they be and they price range . this review be more about a mini-tutorial on how to mount the rear speaker to  bose ufs-20 Universal Floor stand -lrb- pair -rrb- - black  I do not like the other universal stand available so I decide to make the bose one work b\/c they look great , be sturdy , and hide the speaker wiring . what you will need : tool : drill 1\/4 '' drill bit philip screwdriver Allen wrench Materials : 2 x 1\/4-20 x 1\/2 Allen screw -lrb- like this , http:\/\/dmpfasteners.com\/shop\/1-4-20-x-1-2-allen-screw-ss-891 -rrb- cost : less than $ 1 Notes : the Allen head screw be extremely important b\/c the head on they be only a bit larger than the thread , which will be important to allow for it to fit properly . I originally buy some standard philip head screw , but the head to too large to fit on the bracket . also , I could not find the thread size for the rear satellite speaker anywhere , so here it be 1\/4 '' -20 . step : 1 . take off the bracket from the bose speaker and flip it over . Notice that it be symmetrical and will fit on the speaker stand `` upside-down . '' 2 . drill a 1\/4 '' hole through the `` upside-down '' bracket as close to the top as possible . -lrb- tip : use a punch or a Phillips screwdriver with a hammer to mark you drill spot , so the drill do not wander -rrb- 3 . put the `` upside-down '' bracket with you new hole back on the bose speaker stand 4 . feed you speaker wire through the bracket as instruct in the bose owner manual -lrb- you will have to take off the connector at the back of the Vizio satellite speaker wire with a small Phillips screwdriver to do so -rrb- 5 . use a 1\/4-20 x 1\/2 Allen screw to attach the speaker to the stand . 6 . enjoy ! note : because we have flip the bracket and drill a new hole , we have retain the original bose mount hole as well . if you ever buy bose speaker and want to mount they on the bracket , simply flip it back over .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok its not as good as the bose system , but for the fraction of the price it be good . I really can not tell the difference between mine system and my brother bose which cost 1500 dollar more without a dvd player . if you have super sensitive ear and you loaded get the `` bose system '' if you look for a dvd\/audio theater system that sound great , play cd , dvd and really look good too , get the panasonic
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	once again Amazon deliver a great product on time . at first I be skeptical about the sound bar , but once I set it up -lrb- which be very simple -rrb- and turn it on I be quite impressed with the sound quality . I be glad I get the model with the 2 small speaker . this set up be in we family room whi be 15ft . by 23ft . I currently have a Zune HD hook up to the system also and all sound great . I be quite satisfied with this product . please note that I be not a expert on sound system but for the intended use this system be more than adequate .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	good sound for the price and I be overall happy with it . however , I be unaware when purchase this that the speaker connector on the receiver side be proprietary so I have to use the speaker wire that come with the system when I would have rather use the higher quality one that I already have .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the dvd player start freezing up on I after only a few month of use . sometimes if I unplug & plug it in again , it would temporarily fix the freezing problem ... for a few day ... maybe . a few week after the freezing start , the dvd player would not properly play dvd 's . I try several different disc , even brand new one ... same issue . the audio and video would not be line up , now it be only show half of the picture and the rest of the screen be yellow . my tv be fine , it be this rca dvd player . the player itself seem to get very hot , so maybe it be a overheating issue that cause all the problem ? overall , it be loud -lrb- lot of clunking noise when change disc -rrb- , slow -lrb- painfully slow , like 30 + seconds to load a disc -rrb- , and just plain unreliable . I have have better luck with my 3 year old apex dvd player -lrb- which never freeze up btw -rrb- . the speaker system have be pretty decent -lrb- so far -rrb- ... the only reason I give this system a 2-star rating . for close to $ 200 I expect something a lot more reliable that would not poop out on I after 2 month . my next dvd player will not be a rca !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this home theater system for my boyfriend for Christmas and he love it ! he love the fact that it be a 5-disc changer so that he do not have to get up and change dvd all the time . he also like the fact that the speaker give you the option of put they on pedestal that you can buy separetly . overall , I be very satisfied with the product and recommend it to anyone who be interested in purchase it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I purchase this when it be on sale during black Friday week and just recently set it up as it be a Christmas present . . why bother say that , well , I probably should have research a little more before make the purchase , but it be a really slick deal and well , I just go for it . that be say , the number one reason I decide on this particular system be the Wi-Fi `` build in '' option as list in the product description . dongles\/adapters suck . they always have . I do not want one so I buy the one system on sale at that time that say `` build in Wi-Fi . '' well , build in means that the dongle come in the box rather than have to purchase one separately . I think about send it back immediately on principle , but I probably should have do more homework before buy so I just decide to give it a shot . -lrb- I be sure it say `` built-in '' = adapter somewhere else -- like say in the other review here -rrb- first night : set everything up , let software upgrade , wireless work , netflix work . sound great , I mean it , it really sound good for the sale price . . Ok , I think , not so bad , at least I do not need to run more ethernet wire ... Day two : turn it on , go to try pandora -lrb- which be great on this by the way -rrb- I get a error that it could not connect due to `` Network interference '' . . ok check network setting , only `` wire '' be a option . Unplugged and plug in the dongle . . it give I `` wireless '' as a option again but do not recognize any wireless network . . long story short , the dongle fry itself or be just on the edge of self-destruction when it be throw in the box . . I spend WAY TOO MUCH TIME try to get it to work . I would not have spend this kind of time if it be not for the fact that it actually work at first . anyhow , first call to Samsung . not so great . nice enough tech but she final recommendation be to buy another dongle . I stay polite and non-confrontational and just ask if she be sure that this would not be cover by warranty . she say yes . well , ok , I think she be wrong and thank she for she time . I decide to just wire the thing to my laptop and try updates\/see if there be newer firmware\/etc . . also it allow I to try chat support . both time , they be very quick to respond and nice enough . no earth shatter troubleshooting but they do explain how to reset the unit to factory default -lrb- hold down the stop button for 5 seconds while there be no dvd in it . . -rrb- cool . I do that , try the dongle some more . . etc. . no luck so they give I the number to call for tier ii tech support -- -rrb- this number be just the regular customer service number and there be no option for tier 2 in the menu . . ok . . I get another tech and ask for Tier 2 . . she -lrb- Kasey -rrb- say she could try some stuff and ok I go for it . SHE WAS great . I mean it , truly a breath of fresh air in the oft malodorous world of `` support '' . I be perfectly ok with the the win some lose some sort of attitude one must have when call tech support\/customer service for anything . every company have some really good people answer they phone -- -rrb- it be just rare to get someone so good on call 2 . . anyhow , she listen to what I have try , suggest a few thing to rule out error elsewhere , and then just send out a new dongle for I to try . Perfect . . no unnecessary nonsense , and it be good to know that the first tier people you get at samsung be empower enough to actually issue replacement part without have to talk you way up the chain -- you just need a bit of luck for who answer when call in I guess . in the interim , I just run more cable and I have the unit run that way . it work great this way so I doubt i 'll even use the dongle except to maybve see if it just incinerate itself as the previous one must have do . short Version for the rest of the review : feature : five Stars - Netflix , Vudu , Pandora , you Tube , all work great and great quality ! nice . wi-fus : one star - not as advertised - not `` build in '' sound '' four star - very admirable for the price error message : one star - they really be terrible -- there be more I encounter , but say `` Network interference '' as a error message when the unit do not even recognize that the dongle be plug in be just absurd . . they should just say `` error '' for everything as that would be about as useful as the error message that they actually give and at least will not mislead you . coolness stuff : the WLAN adapter port on the back be just a usb port . . this be cool because you can throw a memory stick\/poratble harddrive back there full of pic and a video or whatever and just leave it there out of site . . there be a usb port on the front as well which be design in a way to prevent you from pug in the WLAN dongle in the front . . however , plug a hub into it would allow you to use the front though i do not know why you would want to other than for troubleshooting -lrb- I be test to make sure that it be the dongle and not just the usb port on the back -rrb- more coolness : I have plug three different brand of usb memory stick and 2 different portable hard drive into it and it recognize all of they and allow quick access to music\/pictures\/video etc. . . -lrb- also a network hard drive -rrb- I can not comment on what format it accept , but it seem to have good coverage . . -lrb- though it do not recognize a . wav file -rrb- one big plus , my video folder on my portable hardrive crash window explorer on my xp laptop and on a xp desktop but it do not crash this unit . . nice ! overall , I be very happy with the system now that I have the internet wire . I can not give it more than three star though because it be not really as advertised and the dongle fry itself . if they actually have the wireless build in and it work , it would be five star for sure ... please , please , please Samsung , stop use adapters\/dongles\/whatever ... I know it be a money make thing , but it very nearly result in a return and still would be it not for the other good feature of this product . anyhow , as long as you know that you be not actually get build in Wi-Fi , you should be very happy with this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have have this product for two week now and I can not get the center and surround speaker to play . they calibrate fine , the sound check be also fine but they do not work during normal operation .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this as a bedroom surround for my daughter in college . it be a cheap unit but she say the sound be pretty good for not be a high end unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy one of these last July . although not the best sound , I think be be very good consider the very low price . in November it the audio stop work in the middle of a movie . Circuit City only warranty it for 30 day , after that you must speak -lrb- more accurately try to speak -rrb- to AMW . it be now February , still break . I suppose the lesson be you get what you pay for ... low price = low quality .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	no hassle to set up . . great sound for a small 2 bed apartment live room ... Perfect . . one can enjoy surround system without complaint from neighbor ... I recommend for a small house\/room ... it be ok to have just the dvd as I already have a PS3 ... look for blu ray aswell go for other stuff
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we purchase this system to consolidate we component -lrb- tuner , VCR , CD player -rrb- since we want to add dvd to the mix . the sound be great . they setup be very easy . perform as advertise . we hook it up with the cable\/vcr on input # 1 so that input # 2 could be use for the x-box and it work great ! Buttons on the remote be small , but that be just a observation . bottom line ? a great purchase !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I could write a long review but read Pratt 's 3 star review , it be spot on the only difference be I give it one less star . the sound be only slightly better than my tv speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	when I start look for a surround sound system for my home theater setup I have some specific thing I be look for and this system above all other fit the bill . I will start by say that I be not a audiophile yet I do my research and know what I want . although I would prefer a Denon receiver and quality speaker I be look to spend under $ 300 for the whole setup as I have just throw down a lot for my tv and PS3 . I want a receiver that would tackle the task of integrate all of my hdmus component as well as offer a option to connect my ipod directly without the addition of a computer . with the digital media port and three HDMI in port I can connect my dvr , PS3 , and my media server without a separate switch . setup be easy and from the time fedex drop off the unit until I be watch a movie be like forty minute . -lrb- that include mount the speaker on wall mount -rrb- the room that I place it in be 14 ` x17 .5 ' and the sound be awesome for the price . I will note that I step up to monster speaker cable with twisted pair to eliminate rf interference . once the system be calibrate I be able to just use the receiver remote as I have all Sony Bravia component . the only addition that I do not think of at first be hook my laptop up to the tv require a optical cable to the receiver to stream audio in digital codec . a trip to BestBuy solve that problem and although I would prefer that the HDMI out to the tv would send datum back to the receiver I do not mind buy the extra cable . if I have to complain I would start by say that this receiver do not accept all BlueRay digital audio codec so you must properly configure you component to adjust for this . I would detail exactly what I be refer to but other review have do so and its honestly not that big of a deal . bottom line ... for less than $ 300 buck you will not find a similarly equip receiver and speaker package with 1000 watt and so many connection option . if you be look to upgrade from a older analog setup or this be you first foray into digital audio it be the only one to consider .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have own this system for 2 day now , after a month-long decisison make process . -lrb- ... -rrb-  compare with some of the other model I look at , these be its strength :  \* Compact , include dvd , VCR and FM\/AM Radio in one small unit .  \* Plays a multitude of disc format -lrb- incl . dvd-a , VCD , and panasonic\/microsoft proprietary highmat disc -rrb- . -lrb- compare to the Zenith xbs344 and xbs245 , which only play dvd Video and CD Audio -rrb- .  \* its output power be describe in the title . also , the sound quality and surround effect be , ahem , awesome .  a few thing that do not quite appeal to I :  \* no digital audio -lrb- 5.1 -rrb- input . -lrb- unlike the Zenith , or the Philips LX3750W wireless theater -rrb- . this mean that I can not get surround sound input from my Comcast HDTV converter . -lrb- but who watch tv these day anyway ? -rrb-  \* with the dvd progressive scan enable , thin line , text , etc flicker a bit . it turn out that my Panasonic -lrb- CRT -rrb- hdtv in some way do a better job of de-interlace the standard -lrb- 480us -rrb- signal -lrb- whether through component or composite cable -rrb- than the unit do , despite the d - -rrb- a - -rrb- d - -rrb- a conversion .  \* operate the unit -lrb- + the remote -rrb- be a bit cumbersome . for instance , to switch to the external sound input , you need to press the dvd\/vcr toggle button to VCR mode , change to channel 2 , then press ch - -lrb- channel down -rrb- . this be only the sound - you also need to switch you tv to the appropriate input source . basically , you need a good universal remote control - be sure to get one with plenty of macro capability , such as the one for All\/RadioShack Kameleon . and because the dvd\/vcr button be a toggle , you first need to press the fm\/am button , then dvd\/vcr , after which it always come back in VCR mode . -lrb- otoh , if you do not have a external input source such as a digital cable box , you can get by quite easily use this unit 's built-in tv tuner -rrb- .  that say , with a good universal remote , this unit be a real , real good buy , even at the Amazon price .  one thing to be aware of be that unlike most other , the subwoofer be the only speaker that be directly connect to the unit -lrb- via a 4m = ~ 13ft cable -rrb- ; the other speaker be wire to the subwoofer . the subwoofer require external power .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just receive this theater system yesterday and it be wonderful . I find it very easy to setup , the direction be very easy to follow and understand even if you be not electronically incline . plus the manual be not a 100 page book you have to read to learn how to run the system . < br \/ > < br \/ > I love the design of the system also . Panasonic make the dvd 5 disc changer look really cool by make the front of it look like a mirror . also around the volume knob , it glow with blue light when you turn the system on . the speaker be silver and have a nice design . the tall -lrb- long -rrb- speaker be the front speaker and the smaller one go in the back of the room . the nice thing be that all the speaker be capable of hang on the wall . also , pole that be attach to the tall front speaker -lrb- as show in the picture -rrb- can be use for the back speaker instead if you like . so there be option with this system . < br \/ > < br \/ > the performance of the system be amazing and at the price I get it for , you can `` t go wrong . the dvd player be quick when change disc and quiet . there be also a lot of setup option . you can ajust the subwoofer level from the remote , many different picture view , sound setting for cd 's , and speaker adjustment to name a few . also , there be ton of input for you extra device . I have the VCR and 3 game system hook up to it . I also like the fact that it have the option for component cable hook up for the tv . I buy some of those cable last night and the picture do look better . I love the subwoofer . it be pretty hefty but definately worth it . there be 4 different bass level you can set it on and it be POWERFUL . I put in the chronicle of Riddick and it shake the floor and my cat hide for the rest of the night . you have to be careful though . I live in a apartment and the bass can be hear clearly and heavily outside the apartment and I do not have the volume up very loud at all . but with the subwoofer adjustment , you can find a setting that work best for you . < br \/ > < br \/ > I suggest this product for everyone . it work so great and it be such a good value for the money that I be tell all my friend about it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	my display also quit work just after it go out of warranty -lrb- 1 year -rrb- . there be obviously a issue with these . since Panasonic be not address it , I suggest you avoid this one !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	overall I think this system be very good . it produce great sound for small living room . the wireless tower do not work when I hook it up , but if you read the manual it clearly state that there be a reset button on the back of the tower and you must press it a couple of time if the tower do not comunicate with the reciever . I do this and everything work great now . I have have no problem with the wireless speaker pick up other signal and they sound just as clear as the front wire speaker . if you want wireless and do not want to spend too much , then you can not go wrong with this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the perfect system it stand up with bose if not better . clear sound no distortion . high , mid , and low ; JBL have it cover with this system and include everything you need for setup include Wall hang mount .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you goal be to get good sound for you home theater without drop big buck , take a look at this unit . grant , a subwoofer of this size with only 50 watt can not compete with a big system , but if you want deep bass , be prepare to pay a whole lot more . it sound to I like this system put out a decent level and taughtness of bass down to about 50 hz and could play fairly dynamically up to 90 or 95 db . above that level , the system sound compress and the smoothness of the midrange go away . but at a reasonable volume level , the mid be well reproduce and smooth . the control have adequate sensitivity to allow you to set equalization and surround effect to match you taste for a wide variety of movie soundtrack . this be a bargain .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	from what I can tell the speaker and receiver seem well engineer with a nice feature set , but there be a ridiculous flaw in the design of what connect they . the receptacle on the back of the receiver that receive the speaker cable be proprietary . each pair of speaker wire be attach to a special plug that fit into one of these receptacle . with regard to the speaker proper , if one want to extend a speaker wire , one presumably have to splice -lrb- use electrical tape and soldering or twist I guess -rrb- speaker wire to the naked speaker end of the speaker cable . or , one can go to ebay and spend a small fortune on new cable with the weird 4.2 mm connector , which weird connector you pay excessively for , obviously . but the situation with the subwoofer be even more hopeless . the speaker cable to the subwoofer be permanently attach to the subwoofer . and it look just as cheaply make as the other speaker wire -lrb- thin and from they color I be guess aluminum -rrb- and be too short -lrb- ~ 10 ' -rrb- to go from immediately above the television straight across half the television straight down to the floor straight forwards to the front of we cabinet and immediately back to the wall . there be no way to take a connector off and reuse it . one be absolutely force it seem to either cut the speaker wire in two and use two pair of splice or remove the connector and buy a new one attach to a wire and splice both wire once after remove the connector . the male -lrb- ? -rrb- connector be not something one can reuse by put simple wire in it . the wire to form a connection with the plug each have special tricked-up -lrb- female -rrb- sleeve crimped on they end -lrb- with a metal tab one can press to remove the wire and sleeve from the connector -rrb- . I do not think one can buy connector to fit on the end of wire directly . one can buy universal 4.2 mm -lrb- ? -rrb- connector attach to speaker wire and splice , but I do not believe there be make any kind of extension cord with a female receptacle on one end -lrb- a third party make universal 4.2 mm male -lrb- ? -rrb- plug attack to wire , but I do not think they sell anything with female receptacle suitable for SONY speaker -rrb- . I think about use ugly inelegant splice -lrb- the surround speaker be too short to go to the side of we sofa via the wall -rrb- on the surround speaker and spending extra to buy a special speaker wire with a plug so I can put the subwoofer on the floor next to the wall right next to the cabinet -lrb- be that ask too much ? -rrb- , but I be really lock into either chop the subwoofer cable in two and splicing twice 2x or take the plug off and use the whole length of that cheap look speaker wire from the subwoofer -lrb- and buy a cable with the weird plug to splice to the end of it -rrb- . the engineering wiring mistake be so glaring and the wire look way too thin and cheap for the 165w the subwoofer be supposedly rate for -lrb- lower voltage to produce the same power mean higher current and higher heat than with higher voltage , so I be guess this be even worse than 165w table lamp plug into a -lrb- 120v -rrb- outlet -rrb- , and one can never tell maybe one day one might live with some crazy who want it crank up all the way , so I be frankly worry the wire might heat up so much as to start a fire . I be return the unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Digital input often produce loud static when you go from hdtv to normal tv . dvd will not alway play unless you unplug the unit and wait awhile before try again . I just hope there be a firmware upgrade someday . I have never be so unhappy with a major purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be overall a very nice compact audio system . it be stylish with metal finish on the front and the speaker have better finish than Panasonic 's sc-19 -lrb- ? -rrb- 5 cd changer at WalMart . it also play dvd disc and the speaker be magnetic-shielded , which be another advantage when you connect it with a laptop to play mp3 's . the price of $ 150 -lrb- I do not know why it go up like $ 200 after I purchase it -rrb- be pretty nice consider all these feature . however , there be some minor thing you need to consider before buy this unit . I usually listen to jazz and classic and the bass be rather strong . the overall sound be not very clear like other hi-fi unit , but you may not expect it from a $ 150 unit ... also , you can not random-play mp3 file . however , this problem be the same for other Panasonic compact system . this be rather silly . I hope Panasonic can improve it for they next model . although this unit can read dvd-r disc , it do not support mp3 playback on a dvd-r disc . overall , this be a fine unit . I wish it could play clear sound as well as my cheap $ 50 sennheiser px100 headphone , but it be also true that I can not get a stereo unit like this with dvd support for $ 150 . I be think about JVC and Phillips unit as well , but they be fall behind in overall feature .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I upgrade my entire media system recently and decide that I still want the power of both dvd and VCR player along with stereo surround sound . after some research , I come upon the Panasonic scht820v . I think this would be perfect since it encompass all the feature I need in one system . it play well for the first two day . the system be not phenomenal , but it do the work it set out to do . the sound be fine and the hd channel play a simulated surround sound quality -lrb- the only true surround sound I find be only when I play dvd -rrb- . but then I notice that the dvd carousel click loudly as if something snap . the dvd player stop work and I could not even get it to open . I buy the system from Target.com and they be very friendly and send I a replacement immediately . when my replacement arrive a few day later , I perform the daunting task of pack up the old system and unpack the new one . I connect everything again with the new system and it play fine . the very next day , the same thing happen with the old player . the dvd player get stick on one of the carousel , something click very loudly and I know that be the sound of I be screw again . again , target be very accommodate ; I be no longer interested in another replacement as I have have my fill . I pack the second system up and get my refund . I do not know if anyone else have have issue with the dvd player , but for it to be defective on two separate system be a major red flag for I . be warn . now I be convinced that I will just buy a 5 Disc dvd player\/entertainment system from Sony and if I want to tape a show off the tv , I will invest in TiVO !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a very nice home theater , excelent sound , very easy to install and worth any dollar you pay for it . I like very much it speaker , small in size e big in sound . very nice complement to my PS3 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	all the other review seem to be write by audiophile who know what they be talk about . I be a single mom who just love movie and buy this because of price and other review . I have a harder time set it up -lrb- manual be awful -rrb- but go into the Sony.com site where they have tutorial and take it from there . sound seem so rich compare to my regular projection tv and I be a happy camper . I still have a mess of wire to deal with , have to figure out the remote and see if I can consolidate my three remote down to one -lrb- ? be that possible ? -rrb- , work on the sound balance and mount of the speaker but I be just happy I do not blow up my tv try to configure everything . THere be cheaper system out there but I want a dependable name brand that look well build . so I be content - now would one of you other reviewer explain all the rest of the mumbo jumbo audio stuff to I ? LOL
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	very good system . totally satisfy with this product . Sony make quality electronics . well worth the money . I also have a custom surround system base on Harmon Kardon and the Sony system sound very close .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look at the bose 3-2-1 when I come upon this system . for the difference in price , I think `` what the heck '' . I be so glad I make this choice . the sound quality be outstanding and the look be amazing . we have a small condo and this be sufficient to listen to music throughout the entire place .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system overall be quite good , and a excellent value if you get a discount off the list price . the sound be good for both audio and dvd but the system have a few minor drawback that keep it from be a true find . I rate it about 4.3 star . I agree with some of the criticism voice in the other review : difficult remote , strange neon-like light which have to be turn off every time you power up , and slightly too-trendy facade . in addition , I be disappoint that this system do not come in say a 200-watt version instead of the current 140 W. it just lack that slightest bit of depth , even for classical or choral piece , that come from a more powerful system . as it be I find I have to crank the volume a bit higher than I would prefer to get the bass to fill out . another small point be that you can not feed audio to you tv speaker for dvd , which mean that if you like to spread the speaker out for a large room , you can not really get a center speaker effect . -lrb- as one reviewer note , you may want to get extra cable ; the include wire be only a few foot . -rrb- I would have be willing to pay a higher price to get a slightly heftier system , but nothing really exist in that niche right now . on the plus side , it be remarkably compact . the sound be excellent consider the size and relatively low power , and if you have a power subwoofer , you can easily connect it . my wife especially love the dvd capability as it negate the need to have yet another vcr-like deck , and the surround be capable enough to let you get by without wiring a full 5-speaker surround system -lrb- another plus with my wife -rrb- . overall , very good .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I purchase a different sony about 5 month ago as a open box item from circuit city . -lrb- I 'll get to this one in a minute -rrb- when we get it home it accept a CD then decide not to give it back . then it refuse more cd 's . when you would turn the unit on the elevator would go up and down relentlessly and refuse to stop . argh , we take it in to send for repair -lrb- we buy the extend warranty -rrb- . 6 week later we find out it have to be send to Sony . 3 week later , sony say it have physical damage . when it be return it have new damage . somewhere in ship it be damage and due to that they refuse to fix it ! Circuit City make good -lrb- they note any physical damage prior to shipping and there have be none -rrb- and replace it with this dav-fc8 . for a couple of month it have work great . we forget about the old one until this last week when I try to put a dvd in and it loudly reject it . then the elevator do the up and down thing . argh , again . well , hopefully they do not damage it in shipping again and it will be fix this time . well , this be too much of a coincidence for we . we be officially unimpressed with the Sony dream Systems . do not get I wrong , we love Sony , we should own stock with how much we own of theirs just to get some money back out of we investment . the only thing leave in we house that be not Sony be we television . even we alarm clock be a Sony . we be so sure of Sony product that we last camcorder , we opt to not purchase the warranty from best buy . no trouble and we do not expect any . the dream system seem to have that corner .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i get this unit free when i buy my t.v the sound be fantastic , but during period of quiet sound , i sometimes here a slight tone come from the speaker . it might just be the wire that come with the unit -lrb- the factory supply wire that come with a lot of these thing be average quality at best -rrb- . overall i be very happy with it and set up be simple .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after do a considerable amount of research on ` home theater in a box ' system , I decide to pick the Toshiba sd-43ht system . my budget be between $ 250 - $ 300 . this be actually price lower than that , so that be a bonus . more money to spend on dvd !  First - the dvd playback . this be progresive scan , and I have a hdtv . my old dvd player which I have have for a couple of year be not progressive scan , so I be really look forward to see what the big deal be with progressive scan .  wow !  after I get the systen set up I pop in `` the fast and the furious '' and cue up the first race scene . the picture be amazing ! it be worth note that I also pick up some monster component cable which should also be help in give a great picture . the picture be razor sharp and the color be very vivd and true to life . remember when you first switch over from VHS to dvd ? that be what it be like jump from `` regular dvd '' to progressive scan on this system . wow .  Next - the sound . this system come with 5 satellite speaker plus a subwoofer . the sub be not power , it be passive and get 70 watt . the satellite be 50 watts\/channel . so the sound system come in at under 400 watt . most system in this price range come in around 500 , so it be not as powerful . however , this sytem have excellent sound . again , the race scene in tf&f; look excellent , and the surround sound be awesome . very clean , pure digital sound . the subwoofer boom , and the satellite hold there own . it be plenty of power for I . you probably be not go to `` feel '' the sub like you would on a high-end system , but that ok . this system pump out the sound very well .  i plug my digital cable box into the dvd player\/reciever and be plesantly suprise to hear very clean , clear 5.1 surround sound come out of it . so now recgular televsion can be enjoy in surround sound ! also , cd sound great . it even read my mp3 cd with no problem !  overall I be very happy . I get what I pay for . this be not a $ 3,000 home theater system . but it pack a punch for the price for sure . definitly worth check out .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great system . sound from the speaker be incredible . have a Yamaha System before I pick this one up and it totally blow the Yamaha away . recently watch swordfish and some scene actually make my wall shake and the volume be not even at half . setup be simple ... do yourself a favor and get this system , you will not be sorry .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the Zenith xbs444 and spend the afternoon hide wire . but when I finally connect it all and turn it on , it work great for about 5 minute , then shut down . I could only turn it on again after 20-30 minute , then it would shut down again ... I be guess a heat sink be leave out and its overheating ... I 'll try a exchange for the same model .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i buy those speaker to get rid of my old 6 speaker system and i can be more pleased , the sound be natural and precise , excellent bass , for two speaker system and the acoustimass be a good way to get nice sound from the tv . plus a year warranty from bose cant get this deal better than this . the price be really good .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the 5 dvd changer be great . the sound quality be above what you would expect from a system of this cost level . a little light on the high end I feel but really depend a lot on you sound source as well . some say they think the bass be weak but I find if I put the sub-woofer box on it be back point up to the ceiling I get great bass . more than I want . Speaker placement be everything . try several different placement and hear the difference . all in all I be very happy except I wish the high be a little more tinkly .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be loud . watch tv with it , I rarely if ever turn it up about 12 . watch movie I have listen at 15 on the volume control . once , just out of curiousity , I turn it up to the max -lrb- 40 -rrb- and be amaze to hear -lrb- with what be leave of my hearing -rrb- almost no degradation in sound quality . I also get a noise complaint from 3 story down and diagonally across the dorm building . extremely impressive power . the most impressive thing be the ability to decode DTS right in the system . this make the system excellent for anyone look for a simple system that provide a top-notch audio experience . the lack of a component out put be actually not as much of a concern as I now run hdmus , so I run it directly to the tv and then run a Optical audio cable to the input on the speaker . you still get the 5.1 no problem . I have use this system for 4 year now with my ps2 , tv and watch dvd and I must say that I have friend invite themselves over just to watch movie and play game at my house because of the sound . excellent , excellent system with clean , simple design .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not see much review on this product all over online but i still go for this system and i gotta tell you it be excellent . the system be very good-looking but also sound excellent , i be thrill by the sound of this . this be definitely worth it and the price be also one of the best , thanks vann and Sony .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well i get this a few month back to replace a 15 yr old system i have well uip til last week it work fine now no dvd will read and i keep have to open and close the tray in hope it will read disc ... this have not be damage and basically have sit so im not sure what go wrong ... i can return to amazon for a partial credit ? huh ? i feel rob and wish i would have never get this
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this system for about 4 year now , and have never have a problem with it . still sound like new and bass be still good . when I first buy the system , I notice that the bass be not that impressive . what I find be that if you press the display button on the remote and go to custom setting , you can change the audio level of each speaker . so , I turn the subwoofer all the way up , and the rest of the speaker down . now , no matter what audio level the system be at , the subwoofer be always louder . Hope this help if you want more base : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy it , from amazon , in Sept of 2002 for $ 220 . it die today . what the other say about the remote and the on screen menu be true . it be also true that the sound be great for the price . I use it daily and get my money 's worth .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be 14 and you should read this before think about buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this look pretty cool but like most item it get old really fast ! there be many thing you can do with it and I think it be really hard to put together because there be so many wire . this system have good sound and it go fairly loud . if you want a a nice system I would not pick this Audiovox . only get this item if you want a small surrond sytem for you room . it be good for party and for watch some movie if that what you look for .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be great ! I buy it for space reason ... great feature and sound that take up 1\/3 of the space of my old bulky entertainment center . I live in a single family detach home , and be listen to the HQ \*\* 2 mix of Toni Braxton 's `` hit the Freeway '' one evening and be surprise to find the local cop knock on my door . this system put out !! the bass from the subwoofer be the problem ... I turn it down now whenever I hit the Toni Braxton track . ; - -rrb- my only complaint be I now have three remote to juggle ... one for the receiver , one for the dvd\/vcr combo and one for my tv . need to shop around for a good universal remote that be compatible . oh yea , and the lead display on the tuner be blue , and the dvd\/vcr display be green ... what be up with that ?
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	work ok for 2 1\/2 month then ... nothing . no seperate ff\/rw button , too few input ... very few output ... poor rear speaker volume ... disappointing ! open and close drawer problematic . I have a 15 year-old JVC 4.0 that work fine ... this p.o.s. go back to the factory .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	if you be like I more time than money . you can run wire to the speaker . when i be do i be not disapoint . you can add a power sub ... but i dont feel the need to . its all lite weight and pack a big punch ... guess what . . I love it ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this review may be premature as I have be use this product only for a week . however , some thing immediately stand out : 1 . it do NOT produce surround sound and it be not mean to . so do not be fool by the `` Air surround extreme '' kinda jargon . you will clearly hear sound come out of the speaker bar and that be about it . do not expect sound to bounce off the wall and come at you from the side or from behind you . I be use a optical cable to connect the tv to the receiver . not sure hdmus would make any difference . 2 . the receiver be simple and the build in subwoofer have solid bass performance . I have to bring the bass volumne down to 1 to keep it manageable . this be where you will feel it when watch a movie . it do a excellent job of amplify low frequency without distortion . 3 . unit work with tha harmony 700 remote . 4 . you will have to run setup and crank up the center speaker volume to be able to hear human voice , else they get subdue by the music . out of the box , I could hardly hear actor speak . change to the center column to a 5 or 6 -lrb- max -rrb- do the trick . I be impressed by the sub , but let down by the bar speaker - they sound exactly like desktop speaker . it be a $ 300 system and sound like one . if you be on a budget , I would recommend it . if not , keep look .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be cautious in purchase these speaker . I read how the led in the front stop work . other do not say but the led show the volume level as well as what setting you have so they be rather important . I have have the speaker for a couple week and the led still work . the sound be excellent . I be very pleased with this purchase so far .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	like the sound and picture quality until the cooling fan fail after about a year . now dvd and some cd freeze up after it get too hot unless I keep a portable fan blow on it during operation . purchase it at Media Play which have since go out of business . have a -lrb- -rrb- time find a replacement fan . also wish I would have invest a little more and purchase one with a multiple CD changer .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be great sound system . if you have a large living room installation , it be not right for you , however . get the next system up from Sony with the power sub-woofer . that say , if you be go to be use this system in a average size den or entertainment room -lrb- like , say 12 ` x15 ' or 15 ` x15 ' -rrb- or bedroom , it be perfect !  the system have work flawlessly for I . installation be the easiest I have ever do , thanks to Sony 's make all connection color-code . the remote be easy to use and the dvd player have present no problem . I have a speaker that do not sound right to I , I call Sony support , and they send I a replacement speaker and a call tag for the suspect one , all by next day air !!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the set up be really easy for this . . but for some reason I can not get all the speaker to work . the color code wire make it idiot proof . . but the mid range speaker will not work .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a amazing system for the price it be sell . I buy one for my small tv lounge and get surprise to its deep bass and its powerful satellite box . it be fully feature satisfy to all you need for a simple ht . there be 2 optical input , one for the dvd and the other one for either a CD changer or a MD. . simply AMAZING .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this system when it be `` today 's Deal '' . so far , I have not be the least bit disappointed . as many other reviewer point out , if you be look for big sound for a big room this probably be not you best bet . however , if you be look to add some punch to you weak tv speaker in a smaller room this system be great . I do not want wire run all over so a sound bar be my best option . I really like the fact that the sub be build into the controller . overall , I be very satisfied .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	dear norcent company i boght a norcet dvd player , it be on clearance and it come with no remote control so i realy need a remote control its dp1800 please let I know how to get one thank you .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok . I know that I can not blame Yamaha for the rest of the market be so expensive . I feel that this unit should be around $ 200 . but , have hear the review on the other $ 150 -- 200 soundbar , I decide instead to spend $ 300 for something that I would not be disappoint in , and I definitely be not disappoint . pro : 1 . low profile , fit easily under most tv 's without look like a afterthought 2 . hard-wired subwoofer fit on you rack -lrb- mean you do not have to deal with a wireless subwoofer randomly not work , plus look nice on the shelf instead of under a lamp -rrb- 3 . ease of setup -lrb- speaker wire , a beer , optical cable , turn on , adjust the center channel up for speech , turn on a movie in extended sound & enjoy -rrb- 4 . UniVolume keep all tv commercial & channel at the same volume ! 5 . much improve sound for both movie & music , without the hassle of wire string around the room con : 1 . for $ 300 , they really should throw in the optical cable -lrb- buy it online thru Amazon as well , they be ~ $ 15 at a box store if you do not -rrb- 2 . its $ 300 -lrb- but I be not go to spend $ 200 on something that be not go to sound much better than my tv or have other problem , so you get what you pay for here -rrb- . 04\/01\/2012 . bought 4-5 week ago . at first I keep turn off the Yamaha and listen instead through my tv speaker , not `` amaze '' at the difference , but after watch some movie , sport event and music in they respective sound mode , I would not want to go back to the dull & tinny tv speaker ! this be a huge improvement over my Samsung 's tv speaker . I have Google TV thru my Logitech Revue , and now streaming Pandora or Google Play with the soundbar in `` Music '' mode sound immensely better . I can crank up the volume , and its a good quality sound throughout the house , just fine for cleaning day or have some people over . Bass be nice , sound do not get easily distorted -lrb- do not listen to music in `` extended '' stereo though -rrb- . I be not a professional audiophile , however I have listen to music on $ 10 and $ 200 headphone , and know what the difference in sound be . I have upgrade the speaker in my vehicle , and have studio speaker in my main audio setup . be this a $ 2,000 speaker setup that will shake & rattle ? no. . but for the small living room that I have , it sound perfect . if you live in a apartment , condo or have a smaller living room , you do not need more than this . will not piss off you neighbor , but make movie , sport & music wholesome without any tech headache . I do not want to mess with a `` wireless '' subwoofer like other model have -lrb- just something else to break or randomly not work -rrb- , and have the woofer build into the `` rack '' receiver work great for my layout . watch a movie be lackluster before , but now with the `` extended '' movie mode , while its not true surround sound , add that audio depth to movie that be so important . it definitely fill up the room with richer sound , bigger boom & bang , and yet still audible speech -lrb- I take the advice of some other reviewer , be sure to turn the center channel up , the default setup be not quite right -rrb- . also , the fact that it have HDMI input , mean that it will be able to handle my next tv as well -lrb- see review on some of the other sound bar that do not have hdmus input -rrb- . also , some of the other soundbar do not handle the hd sound with some configuration , and I do not want to mess with that either -lrb- read the comment on some of the other brand -rrb- . for $ 300 , you get something that will not have trouble with hd sound , & have hdmus input for future tv 's , and you could move into you bedroom -lrb- or give to family -rrb- if you ever upgrade in the future . Wish it be not $ 300 , but very happy with the purchase . -lrb- PS , if you like the review , click `` YES '' that the review be helpful -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be not a `` reference '' quality audiophile , but I have ear and know what I like and have spend a unhealthy amount of time listen to music on many different type of system , include a $ 100k system -lrb- that , unfortunately , be not mine -rrb- . there be no need to compare these to anything else . yes , there be many good speaker out there , but the simple fact be that these speaker be amazing for the price . I happen to get they on a scream `` black Friday '' deal , but , now that I have listen to they while play lossless -lrb- mlp -rrb- high-re DVD-Audio in 5.1 surround with a very good quality player -lrb- oppo bdp-93 -rrb- , I be stunned at the quality for the money and would happily pay much more for these speaker . I use they in a small room -lrb- one reason for choose this set of speaker -rrb- with the Oppo bdp-93 and a Marantz NR 1402 . the dvd-a mention above be King Crimson 's 5.1 mlp mix of `` discipline , '' which be nothing short of stunning . in other word , by any measure of `` audiophile '' quality equipment , my system be dirt cheap and not particularly high quality -lrb- the Oppo except -rrb- , yet all of these superlative apply wholeheartedly .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	im only 12 year old and I say WOW ! this system have amazing power ,420 watt ! if you buy online , order from walmart or amazon cause they have the best policy . but before you buy , make sure to go to walmart and use the demo . once you use the demo , you 'll find out how amazing this be ! P.S. this system be great for a small to gigantic room !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	First of all , I love this product and can highly recommend it . now , drill down to detail : we want to put we flatscreen on the opposite side of the living room but there be no cable outlet , so we have att come out to install a additional outlet . well , they say it be not possible because that be a support wall and there be no way to drop the cable down through it ... however , att now have a wireless u-verse cable decoder box that can go anywhere in you house . that be very cool right ? the problem be that with my normal -lrb- sony -rrb- television audio speaker that new wireless box cause a delay of a few micro-seconds between what the person on the screen be say vs. the sound come out of the tv 's speaker . I research all manner of way to solve this problem and I find out that the Yamaha YHT-S400 have a `` lip Sync Technology '' that automatically catch and correct this problem . I be a little skeptical that it would actually work until I plug it in and presto - problem solve . aside from that , the sound quality be excellent and get plenty loud for a good size living room - even when you have the rumble of 25 people over for the big game - all talk and laugh . sure , you can find cheaper sound bar but you get what you pay for and this be a great one for a fairly reasonable price in my opinion .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I make the mistake of fall for a good sale pitch on this product a couple year ago . of course this be a `` newer model year '' but it still have the same gut . I be skeptical about buy rca after my parent 5-disk player go out on they only 3 month after they purchase it . -lrb- strike 1 -rrb- RCA , which have a call center at that time , replace it under warranty . -- that call center no longer exist , you have to take it to a authorized service center , so I have recently learn from the website . -- shortly after I purchase this item , the replacement that RCA send to my parent go out ... in the same manner as the first one do . -lrb- strike 2 -rrb- this time , they `` replacement '' model make it exactly 1 year-3 month , so no longer be it cover under the warranty . well , what do you know , now this one have go out on I ... same symptom as the failure on my parent 's system . -lrb- strike 3 -rrb- this be what happen ... you decide you want to watch a movie with the family . you be all excite , pop the disk in , and it say `` read ... read ... read . '' after a few minute , a message come on the screen say `` this disk can not be read . check the region code ... '' the problem be the lazer that read the disk itself . it be LIFE be ONLY ABOUT 1-2 year !!! oh well , I now have a great surround-sound AM\/FM stereo that cost I over $ 400 -lrb- pay $ 369 + tax for the system 2 year ago -rrb- when all be say and do . do I mention it cost $ 30 just to get a quote for repair ? so , if you can afford to buy a new system that often or pay the $ 275 repair bill then go ahead and buy away . otherwise , rca have be a huge expense & disappointment for we family .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I assemble it last night and figure where I want to put the speaker and what to do about the wiring etc. . it be early on but the assembly be simple and I be love the wireless rear speaker . the major part of my house be surround in rich music \/ movie \/ etc. . the coverage be absolutely amazing . as I say , it be early on but I be loving it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this system locally a few day ago and be really pleased . get a great price on it . sound it really good . high be quite clean compare to a Yamaha system I be also look at and the sub be powerfull with 100 self power watt . plenty of input except for s-video , but none of my other component have s-video either so it do not really matter to I . remote control be decent , though somewhat confuse at first . I will control my reciever and tv , but do not seem to control my cable box . setup take a little while , but that be mostly due to have to work behind my entertainment center with no light . surround setup take a bit of tweaking to get right but the manual lay it out decently though the info be sometimes a bit scatter around and hard to find .  overall a gread system for the money .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	just hooked this up to my Hitachi 60 '' LCD\/Projection TV and be very pleased . you may read review from `` bass-head '' who be only interested in ridiculous thumping , not purity of sound , but I can tell you this system sound fantastic . my family room be 20 x 15 and these speaker fill the room with a rich , vibrant sound rival that of a bose system -lrb- cost twice as much -rrb- that I try and return .  the subwoofer be perfect for the system - it add rich base without sound like one of those `` install by a teenager '' car system you hear so much of today , and it do not take up the entire floor to do it . we could not reach full volume before the system be too loud for comfort . 12db on the dial be enough to drown out any attempt at normal conversation . the surround sound be phenomenal -lrb- Matrix Reloaded play Progressive scan Component out be we baseline movie -rrb- .  the manual be a bit tedious . I be pretty technically inclined , and this be a bit of a challenge for I . the fact that the remote have a shift-key say a lot . plan to spend some time master this thing .  bottom line : if you be look for a chest-cavity shake , hip hop dance club thumping system , buy discreet component . if you be look for a attractive , affordable , incredibly clean sound system with very high quality component , this be definitely the system for you . easily 5 star for this price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	if you be look for a all-in-one home theater system with all the new goody , then this be definitely the one to look for . at -lrb- $ $ $ -rrb- , it have pro logic ii , a feature not usually find on other system with similar price , which actually convert you normal stereo sound to 5.1 surround -lrb- now my tv sound surround ! -rrb- . it also have progressive scan too , a big plus . it play mp3 , VCD , CD-R\/RW beside dvd . furthermore , the player look very cool with its metallic casing .  on the minus side , the speaker look mediocre like some -lrb- low-end -rrb- computer speaker , but the sound be clear and crisp . the remote that come with it look like -lrb- low-end -rrb- plastic , very unattractive . anyway , what I really care be the numerous function of the remote .  in short , if you be look for a budget home theater with all the function , then this be the one you should go for .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look for a system in the $ 300 - $ 400 range . I look at soundbar system , other htib and even the BOSE Cinemate . I be glad I decide to purchase this one base on the great review . I agree with the other reviewer . this be a great system and I be blow away by the sound . it feel like be in a recording studio . the sound be crisp . dialogue be audible even at low level . you can hear `` whisper '' without the need of turn up the volume level . I be also able to hear other sound that I do not notice with my previous htib , such as bird cawk and fly from the surround speaker , other instrument and tone in certain track . the sub be also loud enough for my taste and it be not too `` boomy '' like my previous sub . set-up be easy with the omnidirectional mic and auto speaker setup . I be able to calibrate the system use the OSD . overall a great buy . -- Update . I go to best buy the other day to audition the higher end speaker . base on avforum , the SLS speaker sound similar to Magnepans and Martin Logans . I audition the Martin Logan Motion Series and do not notice a difference with the sl speaker . I try the higher end Martin Logans -lrb- Source -rrb- . there be difference but it be marginal to my untrained ear . for ~ $ 1,000 per speaker -lrb- plus amplifier cost -rrb- , in my opinion it be not worth the difference . I be so happy with my sl q-line gold .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	tuner very poor reception , instuction poor at best , waste of money over all . I be really sad that Amazon would allow this stuff on the market . I do make the specker work and do get the dvd workable , the i pod device be crap .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I get this system through a incentive program at work . I figure the passive sub would be anemic so I also `` buy '' a altec lansing 4.1 with power sub at the same time to mix and match . the sound of this amphion with passive sub blow the power sub away . out of the box , it rock ... cd sound great ... dvd sound great ... big sound from a little system . it have AM and FM receiver with a lot of preset ... include antena for both band ... the progressive dvd player give excellent color saturation and clarity . I be not exaggerate , but it look so much better than my apex ad660 which still look so much better than videotape . I could not be happier with it and not just because it be `` free . '' I have not yet determine if it have official dt support - no dt insignia on the front , although the owner 's manual and setup screen mention dt setup mode ... it do pop up a little light diagram show 5 channel when I put in any Dolby digital and \/ or DTS dvd . I manage to screw up the setting to the point where it sound like a cardboard box ... and to the point where it overdrive the speaker ... but after a `` set default '' thing sound excellent again . there be several mode include `` concert , '' `` theater '' and the unintentionally hillarious `` bathroom '' setting . this be not a audiophile 's dream system , but it give very correct sound and video for the money and be the pinnacle of `` out of the box home theater . '' buy it , use it as it come out of the box and Rock On .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Sony 's lack quality . this system never switch off , keep flash `` Standby '' . I have see this happen every shop I visit . still these shop sell these equipment !! and more over , this be my third bad experience from Sony . 1 . Wega TV - Broke in two day 2 . Home Theater - Broke in week 3 . Sony dsc-p3 digital camera - came defective -lrb- lens will not pop out -rrb- . all these break within a matter of first day or in a week . I have decide not to purchase any more Sony equipments\/gadets unless really improve they quality . I sell this item and purchase Onkyo -lrb- sr502b -rrb- \/ bose -lrb- am6 -rrb- combination . wow . . what a quality and sound !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this product last month and it have be work out really great . all cool feature and easy set up . only thing be Wireless Internet do not go well with g router so I end up have wire connection and it be work flawlessly since then . Netflix , Youtube , Pandora etc. . . work wonderfully . about wireless speaker they be still wire but not connect directly to the main speaker . so you do not need to run the wire through the room but still rear speaker need to be connect to the device which will communicate to the Blu ray player . so far,s-air be work out good . I be yet to test 3d . will update comment once I get it test . overall , great product , great feature and great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I cant complain . I be sort of worried that there wouldnt be enough intput -lrb- because i find it hard to find schematic and picture of the back of this unit -rrb- , but there be two set of input and one set of output . so ive get my Playstation 2 and tv . all the sound from my tv get redirect through the speaker .  the sound quality be very good , ive listen to some of my CD 's on it , test it with classical to heavy metal . all of which sound marvelous . ive even have complaint from next door that they can hear it too well . you cant beat this unit for it be price ! its get a dvd player and a mp3 Player build in !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy it a couple of month ago after read all the good review . my expectation be probably too high for the price . just so so sound quality that you can get from auto speaker . again , not terribly bad consider money , but if you want nice home theater quality , I recommend invest a little bit more and go to other speaker set .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Sony 's Bravia line have yet to disappoint I . this home theater in a box be a really nice setup . it do not have the flexibility of a high-end receiver like a denon or Onkyo , but that be not really what a home theater in a box setup be suppose to do . it have one hdmus output , but no hdmus input , and only one optical input . if you have get a newer model tv , that be all you need most of the time . if you can run all of you hdmus source into you tv , you can just run the one optical cable to this receiver and you be ready to go . it be plenty powerful for most live room and get loud without lose much resolution . the subwoofer the weakest aspect of this set , but it be not that bad . you can turn it up in the setting if you want a little more bottom end . I take it back , the weakest aspect of this set be the proprietary input system for the speaker wire . Sony be not the only company to do this , so it be hard to single they out here , but it be still annoying . I prefer to use lower gauge speaker wire , but the proprietary speaker plug make that almost impossible . overall , I prefer this setup to most component system because a -rrb- it do not take up much space b -rrb- it reproduce sound evenly and accurately c -rrb- the dvd upconversion be pretty good and d -rrb- the price be very nice . I down-size from a 7.1 component setup and do not regret it for a second .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I like dvd\/vcr combo for simplicity -lrb- one less remote to worry about -rrb- and want a upgrade w\/decent sound quality . the Panasonic scht820v certainly deliver impressive sound quality ! physical setup be easy , the only snag be the discovery that you \* must \* use the include video cable to connect the main unit to you tv as the antenna\/catv cable hookup -lrb- unlike other system -rrb- only pass you antenna\/cable signal to you tv , \* not \* the dvd\/vhs signal . include speaker wire be refreshingly long -lrb- 33 ' for the 2 l\/r ss speaker -rrb- . Picture quality be excellent on a std 36 '' tv -lrb- especially w\/the s-video hookup I use -rrb- and individual speaker delay\/volume be adjustable for personal preference . lot of feature list in the spec so no need to rehash they here but the 5 cd\/dvd changer be nice allow you to store a couple of music cd in the system while still loading\/watching dvd as you want . my only complaint be that the remote be a little complicated\/cumbersome to use -lrb- the manual answer all question -rrb- . I would have give this system 4.5 star because of this but to be honest this be nothing that a little practice will not take care of . I would buy this system again .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have purchase this system to replace my Panasonic dvd home theater system . I just want something better , and stoop my choice on this , base on the good review . also be consider Onkyo system , as my friend have it . I watch the video review on u-tube , where the manufacturer make it be own review compare to some -lrb- not randomly choose -rrb- Panasonic system . the whole review be base on comparison of weight . funny , but truth . receiver be heavy , because of its transformer power supply , the speaker be normal and the sub-woofer be heavy also - big and nice design , but note much more . what be my thought : if the speaker system it be self cost the $ 400.00 price - to I the receiver be worth it be $ 65.00 . I would say little more . the auto speaker set up do not work . I set up the speaker manually - in my room the distance from the listen position and speaker be 12 ' for fl , fr , rl , rr and 11 ' for Central speaker . as I be always experiment - I put 4-5 foot more and less to see the difference , but do not notice any . there be no direct button for digital input - more important to I . it be hard to get from digital optic 1 to second input . the 9 surround mode -lrb- compare to my old Panasonic -rrb- do not have much difference except the stereo mode . I think the receiver have 100 volume level , and the normal to listen be 50 . if little noise -lrb- furnace or other fan -rrb- be appear - have to increase to 55 . to feel all butty of the movie sound -lrb- I check this in `` the house of the fling dagger '' -rrb- I go to 75 . to I this go to be critical for the output amplifier , because it be impedance be for 6 ohm speaker and this speaker be 4 ohm . this go to reduce the life of the receiver to I . also my intention to upgrade the receiver , have to be reconsider , as all new receiver be rate for 6 ohm or 8 ohm speaker . it may work , but the other receiver will cost more , to have the risk . this be my mistake , that I do not think before I order it , but be good for the other to know . the main complain be about the sub-woofer . the box be big , good look and heavy . it have win power supply but : 1 . can not turn power on\/off from the remote ; 2 . can not adjust the volume - have to go to turn the knob ; 3 . the sound be not as good , as the Onkyo sub ; 4 . the SOUND be GOING OUT from the bottom . the leg be 1 3\/4 '' . if you fave to put it on carpet floor , you will have only 1 '' distance for the sound , and the sound will get softer from the carpet . also when the speaker be move the membrane in and out it be push and suck air whit lot of dist from the carpet . if you have to please it on the hardwood floor - make sure the aria be solid -lrb- no loosing board -rrb- , also the sound will be mixed whit the sound of the loose board . I increase the volume of the sub-woofer , to see it be max . power , and it start wake -lrb- I have new hardwood -rrb- this be my first time I see sub-woofer whit bottom sound output . I have Bosse - the sound be come out from the front , the Panasonic one be from the right side - but they do not have they own power supply . the sound be not bad , but not much better than the Panasonic , which have 60wat speaker , and from my friend 's Onkyo . the speaker have nice look , but to I $ 400 for this speaker be to much . I can not judge the most expensive one , as I do not own it . costumer service - be good and very responsible at the day of my order . I order also two optical cable . they suggest I to get the more expensive one for better quality , but they send I the cheaper one . I be sure they do not intend to save a dollar , but after I send they a email , about this and other thought - there be not answer yet . after I tray to write a review in they web site my review do not show up whit only three star . I believe they except only five and up .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I get this to add a little home Theater pizzaz to we small living room with 42 '' tv . setup be a pain because 1 -rrb- both rear speaker have the internal connector pull out . 2 -rrb- you may have to do something to you source to ensure that dd\/dts come through the optical connection . I have to dig thru the menu of my Sony Blu-Ray player to change the output from hdmus to optical . oddly , audio come out the optical port of the player at all time , but it be not dd\/dts until I make the change . now most of we have 2 source -lrb- cable\/sat box and blu-ray player -rrb- , so the Vizio really need 2 optical input . I confirm my Panasonic tv will not output dd\/dts on the optical port when use the hdmus input , so I can not use that as a switch . none of this be mention in the manual , which also do not have a diagram of the tiny unlabeled front light , so good luck on figure those out . and the manual mention mode call SRS TruSurround and SRS WOW , but do not explain they or when or why you might use they . note that dd\/dts can not be have with the analog stereo input ; make sure you source -lrb- s -rrb- have optical output if you want dd\/dts . that say , this system sound better than the cheap tv speaker -lrb- why do they make tv 's with gorgeous video , but awful audio ? -rrb- and look really spiffy . day 2 : all the button on top of the soundbar quit working . I can still control it with the remote . Stay tune . day 5 : Tech support try a black magic reset consist of remove the power , hold the power button down for one minute , then press each of the other button twice . do not help . but I can make the light go crazy by run my hand over the soundbar , so I think they have a static electricity issue , which likely kill the button . my impression be the Vizio marketing dept override the engineering dept and spend most of the money on the pretty box , but the innards be way too fragile and complicated for the intend use and user . VIZIO ADVICE : add another optical input and beef up the innards ! I will rewrite the manual for you at no charge . buyer advice : buy it locally so you can return\/exchange it easily . I get it on Amazon , so ship it back to they or Vizio be my only option . one month : unit expire . light but no sound . return to Amazon for refund . Life be too short for this nonsense .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system about three week ago and I have to say I be very pleased with my purchase . for the price I pay , I could not go wrong . I do a lot of research and I be look for a nice surround sound with speaker and sub for a decent price . I hit the mark with this system ! I pay $ 244.00 for this system and the day after I purchase it the price go up to $ 399 ! it be all that I could ask for in a surround sound system for that price ! it be a 600 watt system -lrb- each speaker be 100 watt -rrb- . I have a smaller living room so once I run the cable in the wall and mount the speaker , the sound engulf you and you feel like you be part of any movie that you watch . the speaker be very sleek and be on the small size , which be what I want . I do not want to mount huge speaker next to my flat screen tv . they look awesome . the sub be passive so you do not have a power cable for the device , which be what I like . it come with a asc mic so it auto calibrate the sound output , but to be honest , I go in and tweak the output to my desire as I want the rear speaker to be a bit louder . it also come with a ipod dock , which I have yet to use , but will eventually . this be also a 3d pass through device which be a need since I own a Samsung 51 '' 3d plasma tv and a PlayStation 3 . I have yet to try the 3d capability as I just purchase the 3d tv , but that will happen soon . all in all I think this be a great purchase at the price I pay . would I have pay $ 399 for this system , hmmm , maybe and maybe not ? I would have to compare what this offer to similar device at the same price ... and at this point I be do do research : - -rrb- all I know be that I could not pass it up for $ 244.00 ! the only negative for this system be the speaker wire it come with be flimsy , so do yourself a favor like I do and purchase better speaker wire . believe I it be worth it for the 15 buck . I test the system with the cable include and then with 16 gauge wire I buy and the difference be night and day ! also , the system do not appear to operate in standby , not a big deal to I , but someone may want this feature . the last negative for this product be that it do not seem to have a remote code for my Comcast remote control , which mean I have to use the remote control that come with it to turn the system on and off and to toggle the input . this be not fun , but it be not a deal breaker for the price . Hope this help and happy hunting .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Dolby , sub woofer and surround make it stand out . dub work great . I reccommend it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this product . the input in the back of the receiver do not work and will not work . i have it replace twice already and both have the same problem , so i be think its the product that be defective . i have a wius , xbox and ps3 and when i plug it in the back input system , only the audio work , but not the video . there be no video display in the tv . i have even call Sony customer service dept and they could not help I . they even tell I its because i have a sony bravium hdmus hdtv , that the high definition be not set correctly , but when i try it on my other tv , the sony trinitron regular crt tv , it do not work either . so the system be defective when it come to input receiver , other than this , the product deliver awesome sound that be very impressive .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	it should be obvious to anyone that be read these post that this unit design be defective . around a month into ownership , my unit become unresponsive , no stop , pause , ff or eject dvd 's . the remedy be to unplug for a few minute , reset and try again . finally return for a different product .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the sound be not great , and remote have to be at close to a 90 degree angle to work well , but for the money it be okay for a bedroom . do not get it for the family room , though .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this be really a nice system , but the one drawback be a huge one . there be no optical cable input . why Panasonic neglect to add this be a mystery . they also do not have a optical input on they higher end system . after purchase this system , I have to return it . if have a good system with adequate stereo sound be what you want , this would be a good purchase . if you be a audiophile look for a true surround sound theater experience , this system be NOT for you . I would recommend that you instead look at the 8 speaker ONKYO Home Theater System 7.1 hts780b . for around $ 50 - $ 100 more than this system you can get a state of the art 7.1 system . the Onkyo be 1000 watt and sound awesome . it will also give you a cut edge system that be actually ahead of the technology curve . it do not come with a integrate dvd player like the Panasonic , but you probably already have a dvd player anyway , right ?
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I expect more than what I get but this what I get for such little research it be a loud system except for the fact that only 2 of the 6 speaker work while play the radio
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well it at first work great and w awesome to use . but then it start to just freeze and you could not do anything . I have to pay to ship it to Sony and then they take there time to send it back and say there be nothing wrong . now it also be some damage to almost every peice . but they do . take it back and send I a different one and they it will also not work . so I call to talk to a tech to be tell they will call between 24 to 48 hour . so be you lucky enough to be home when they do call back . they only open durning business hour and that end at 2 pm pacific . also no weekend work here . but at this point I be almost 6 month with out it work and have ask for they to just send a tech and see it but they be only one place in Texas . so great tell you have a issue .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	overall this be a good sound system for the price . the rear speaker wire be definitely not long enough , you will have to buy longer one . we have a small apartment and still the wire do not even come close to reach unless they be stretch across the middle of the room . that be pretty much my only complaint .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	what a piece of junk ! after have this system for about 9 month , I notice that the speaker start to make a loud snap , follow by loud crackling noise , and then would produce absolutely no sound for a few seconds . the snap would scare the daylight out of we as it be extremely loud and totally random . we have have it in for service twice by the panasonic-authorized dealer that Panasonic refer we to . the second time we be tell that the part be on backorder from Panasonic . that be almost 2 month ago . so , we system have be sit at the shop for 2 month . avoid THIS SYSTEM at all cost !!! it have be nothing but a hassle and repair from the panasonic-authorized dealer have be a nightmare . frankly , I can not believe that people would pay over $ 50 for a system with known problem , as clearly evidence by all of the other reviewer that have have the same exact problem . I guess Panasonic be to cheap to put out a recall .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you want to jump into home theater in one simple purchase , this be the system for you . the separate component work beautifully together and also allow for future upgrade should you ever choose . but it be unlikely that you 'll outgrow this package anytime soon . it pack a whooping 600watt ... 5x100w for the satellite speaker and a 100w power subwoofer that be absolutely potent ! it fill a large room very well -lrb- 16 ` x16 ' -rrb- , with power to spare . -lrb- it be all about the speaker placement . -rrb- it play well loudly , but moderate level sound the best . the dvd\/cd player hold five disk and offer component hook up . -lrb- if available on you television . -rrb- the box only include the composite video cable however . buy a component cable will set you back another 50 dollar , but worth the price . the dvd player produce crisp picture and include plenty of bell and whistle . the receiver have twelve preset surround sound mode include DTS\/Dolby Digital\/Pro Logic\/Logic 7\/etc . Plays CD\/CD-RW\/VCD \/ dvd , but not cd-r\/mp3 . delay capability and adjustable output level allow you to adjust for vary speaker placement within the room . speak of speaker , these little satellite be virtually invisible ... only 4.5 inch in height . but pair with the subwoofer , they produce excellent sound . the drawback ? the remote can be confusing and uncomfortable for big hand to handle and the separate component be huge . -lrb- roughly 17wx17dx12h when stack . -rrb- word of advice ... check out JBL 's website for a list of they licensed internet dealer and check out they price first . a product warranty will not be honor if you purchase any jbl product from a unlicensed distributor .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do a lot of research and would not consider myself a very technical listener . have say that I do like my music and movie loud and clear . I also need a low profile option as hang speaker be not a option . this soundbar be the best of the bunch . I do agree that if you be look for true surround sound go with the true surround sound 5.1 s. this be not for you . but if you be look for fill a average size room with quality sound , I would recommend this product . I also like the docking station feature . it be too bad it be not include . also , if you be handy and need to mount it under a shelf -lrb- below the tv -rrb- like I do , buy some `` l '' bracket from the hardware store and modify they as need . save the $ 60.00 that I see advertise .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I must say I have have a very , very bad experience with this paticular home theater system and Sony . I can not actually rate the system because I have yet to use it . I receive this system the end of October and after spend several hour put it together be only able to play two dvd 's . after that I could not get a picture . I then spend several hour over the phone with they help desk and after we exhaust every possible solution I be tell to send it back , which I do . when I finally get it back I hook it up and it still do not work - again have to spend considerable time exhausting possible solution on the phone with the help desk . I be ask to send it back yet again and also tell I would not be get a new dvd player but a return or refurbish one . I find this unacceptable and due to the fact I have have to waste my time and money I would never purchase any Sony product from here on out .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	despues de buscar un buen sistema de teatro en casa , que no I costara una fortuna y trajera todo lo necesario , este sistema de rca fue el mas indicado en el papel y despues de tenerlo por 6 mese puedo decir que es mas que indicado ya funcionando , tanto para peliculas como para musica . Al principio tuve un poco de temor por la marca -lrb- RCA , no e fuerte en hi-fi , no ? -rrb- , pero la calidad es muy buena , no ha fallado nus un momento desde que lo instale y ademas trae todo lo necesario para conectar los equipos . El receptor tiene mas que suficiente potencia y tienen un nivel de distorsion muy bajo por lo que es muy bueno para musica . El decodificador DTS e muy bueno , definitivamente suena mejor que el Dolby 5.1 y este receptor lo maneja muy bien -lrb- si que se sentira en el cine -rrb- . otro punto importante es la cantidad de entradas que tiene , digitale opticas y coaxiale , RCA de audio y video y de s-v ideo , y que la asignacion de cada una a lo equipos que le conecta es muy facil . como otro han mencionado , el subwoofer podria ser mejor , se siente un poco corto de aire a altos niveles de volumen , pero este se puede cambiar por otro pasivo -lrb- el receptor tiene el amplificador de 200 watt , por lo que un subwoofer mejor lo aprovecharia -rrb- o ponerle otro amplificado , pue tiene una salida extra . Los parlante frontale no son del todo buenos tampoco , pue siento que colorean mucho las frecuencias altas . por ello los cambie por mis Panasonic que tenia de mi equipo anterior y el equipo suena mejor -lrb- estos parlantes son mas grande -rrb- . Debo dejar claro , sin embargo , que el equipo suena muy bien con lo parlante originale . La unica queja real que tengo con este sistema es por el control remoto , no tiene codigos para dvd 's y no maneja bien lo aparato a lo que si se les asigna codigo . Practicamente lo uso solo para el receptor . Definitivamente recomiendo el sistema para quien quiera gozar de la musica o de lo soundtrack de pelicula .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	overall I be and still be very impressed with the sound and build quality of the system . however the main negative point that irritate I be the fact the the system have hardly any connectivity , especially that there be no digital input , which as the AUXILLARLY curcuit ` only ' support Dolby Pro-Logic , unable I to watch sky movie and use my XBOX etc in Dolby 5.1 as intend , and as I have pay over # 350 for the device be disappointing .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this be a bargain price low-end 5.1 dvd receiver . I buy it for my girlfriend 's birthday present and she have be satisfy with it . the component be all fairly light-weight , the input be label clearly and it be a breeze to set up . this be the kind of piece that be appropriate for somebody who be look to replace a old stereo , NOT a serious audiophile . it doesnt have many bell and whistle , but it have input for you cable box and VCR , which be probably all you 'll be look to plug into it at this price range . as for the sound , it be best describe as adequate . the bass be shallow and unrefined , and the speaker be unremarkable as well , but you must keep in mind what you be buy . consider you first dvd player probably cost nearly as much as this unit , its a heck of a deal . my only real complaint be the remote . this be the only place that the system feel genuinely cheap . its thin and have hardly any differentiation in button size , so good luck even turn down the volume in the dark -lrb- yes , the volume button be the same size and shape as all the other -rrb- . bottom line , its worth the money .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Wish the negative review have be on Amazon when we family first purchase 2 of these system . even when the product work , it be painfully slow to change & read disc ; now both we unit have the develop the same problem other have report , namely get stick on `` standby '' instead of turn off , refuse to read dvd , and get stuck playing cd . so yes , it be not a fluke , this be a defective product , if you get hold of one and it be not break yet , it will be eventually . however , I still use it as a surround sound system , and must admit it sound pretty good , but I have to plug a cheapo dvd player into a av input -lrb- it only have 2 . . -rrb- to watch dvd with surround ... which be absurd , but I can thank Sony for make this ripoff . and for what it be worth : leave the system off when not use it seem to improve its longevity .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this unit look great , sound great , and the price be unbeatable . the overheating seem to be cause a lot of people problem , if not for that I would give this unit 5 star . if you have some gut and some basic knowledge about electricity and electronics you can avoid these problem . I get a really good deal on one , then find out about the overheating . not want this to be a problem I decide to investigate . I pop off the back panel of the sub to find that the fan be not actually work . I imagine that it be suppose to kick on when thing start get hot , but my unit be already really hot . the heatsink inside be almost too hot to touch . the fan be 80mm so I take a standard lead case fan and replace the stock one . the stock one have some non standard screw hole so I have to use some strong adhesive foam tape to hold the new fan in place . then I run the wire outside the sub and rig up a small ac\/dc power adapter to power the fan . it take about 30 minute to do and now my unit run very cool , and have a cool look blue glow on the wall come from the fan to boot . you could just use the stock fan and rig up a adapter to it but I do not want to cut off the connector in case I need to take the unit back . for the adapter use something between 7 and 12 volt , lower voltage = quiter fan but less airflow . if you do not want to open it up , you could just mount a fan right on the outside of the vent . I think the major problem be there be a defect in the board that do not turn the fan on , and you do not want a bunch of really hot electronics with no airflow .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look for a device capable of swallow any kind of format\/media . from vcd , svd , dvd to mp3 on cd,cd-r , cd-rw . . my budget do not allow I to choose for a high range machine . the tha5 answer my need .  image be in good shape , the sound be brilliant -lrb- even if it be basically design for a small room -rrb- and it read everything . the only negative point be the time to load a media . . but that it . do I to add that the design be clean and smart ?
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have be to alot of football and Basketball Party 's and have surround sound be a ver big requirment to add on to the fun . i ` be a minor -lrb- 17 -rrb- , but i enjoy go to my friend house to see what Home Theater system -lrb- h.t.s. -rrb- they or they parent have and most of they be Sony or Panasonic . interest in purchase a H.T.S. for my room , i choose this item for video game , dvd movie and music purpose . be that i be on a short budget ... i want something not cheap but in my range , so i can still have enough money to get the New Jordans , i believe this item have a good range of feature as the Dolby Digital , DTS , and Dolby pro Logic surround decoding , a 5-piece speaker system , and a subwoofer for deep bass . all these feature blow my mind as a first time buyer , so if any of you first time buyer who be low on budget and want or need a home theater for any purpose , i would recommend this to any and everyone -lrb- then later on when you think you have grow out of this item i would recommend Sony 's `` dream machine '' -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system a month ago . I would have to say that it be simplicity be amazing , it be sleek and the speaker size be just right . Though , there be a downside : high frequency be barely hear . I install 5 surface mount tweeter beside each cube , and the sound improvement be very noticeable . I strongly recommend to anyone that own this model to do the same , these tweeter be not expensive , and the upgrade be worth the effort . all the system 's other feature be very user friendly . also it have a zoom power -lrb- x1 .5 -rrb- that allow you to see widescreen bigger , as though you be watch full screen . for the frequency response be that I give the system a strong 4 star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we have only have this item for a month but I have to say we be well please with it . we have a large -lrb- 18 ' x 25 ' -rrb- live room but still do not feel like we need one of the large 5-speaker system . what we love about this Sony be -lrb- a -rrb- super easy to use - you do not feel like you need to go back to college and get a engineering degree to operate it ; -lrb- b -rrb- the sound be extremely good . the bass will blow you away on the dvd 's & CD 's and , yes , it be adjustable ; and -lrb- c -rrb- it co-operate with we Harmony remote for the most part . there be one minor issue with the Harmony in that it will not go back to the correct input when change from watch a dvd to watch tv , so you have to inform the Harmony that all be not right and it will go through a series of question to correct itself . that glitch , however , be not Sony 's fault but Harmony 's and we hope that Harmony will create a `` fix '' for it soon . and finally -lrb- d -rrb- it be super inexpensive to purchase . bottom line , so far we be very happy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase one of these at best buy in March 2003 . it have be act up at power on for several week now , and now will not even get past the welcome screen . I have notice that the power lead do not come on , and the tv splash screen do not come on either . I use to be able to power down and then back on , and that usually work . today it refuse to do so . I will have to agree with the other reviewer in that this unit be garbage . for all of the electronic user interface designer out there , this could be the quintessential example of what not to do . I give KLH a f for user friendliness . this be my first home theater purchase , I now have a good idea of what to look for as far as feature and usability . at least the speaker sound decent and be still in good shape .  now on to the exploratory surgery . have soldering iron , will travel .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	there be only one thing with this surround sound that I can not figure out ! I can not seem to change the sound in my rear speaker . oh the system be a 10-10 but I just can not figure it out ! I find out how to change the sound but for some reason it only change the volume and not adjust the sound from each speaker ! Hope that make sense ! overall great buy !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	purchase this unit in January '04 and it fail within 60 day . unit be repair under warranty . use approximately six time and it fail again . same problem . when I turn unit on it display , HELLO PROTECTION GOODBYE , and shut down . Toshiba have not be very helpful as they say this unit be out of warrantee . I be advise that if the same part have fail they will pay part and labor , otherwise they will pay for the part and I will have to pay half the labor charge . will never purchase another Toshiba product again .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have a Logitech 5.1 system and need a basic mount that would match the style of the speaker while not look too obstrusive . these mount fit the bill . though the mount come with a variety of screw , bolt and fastener , I end up have to buy other which fit my particular speaker . I chalk that up to Logitech , not the mount themselves . once mount on the wall , I like the amount of adjustment that be possible with the mount . it help when you be look to direct the speaker at a particular spot . my speaker be small , say 4 '' wide by 6-7 '' high and 4 '' deep so the plastic mount do not seem to be under a lot of stress . but if you have larger or heavier speaker , I would look elsewhere . I recommend this product to anyone with smaller speaker !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this unit in January 2006 from bbuy . I admit I be mainly look for a surround sound system but the price seem reasonable and with all the other feature -lrb- 5-disc changer , divx capable , etc. -rrb- I think what the heck . at first I do not really use the dvd player that much , but when I do I have a problem with a few disc skip after about a hour into the movie , at the time I just figure the disc themselves be bad , like I say I do not use it to watch many movie . well recently my wife start work at a movie rental store , so with free rental we have start watch a lot more movie . now I see that the dvd function on this unit be basically useless , pretty much every movie we play begin to skip and then freeze at about a hour and fifteen minute into the movie . I know it be not the disc , sometimes she get free unopened movie as promotional item and the same thing happen , a hour and fifteen minute or so into the movie it begin to skip , every single time now . I have try disc cleaner with no luck . after some research online , it seem that alot of people have the same exact problem with all type of samsung dvd player . maybe there be just a few bad unit float around out there but nonetheless I would recommend go with another brand .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this system have no digital input , so if you want to use it with a xbox or a PlayStation 2 for dolby\/dts playback , you be out of luck .  consider yourself warn .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I go to a store to listen to this system in person before order it -lrb- it be sell out at every store I go to , but Amazon have it -rrb- . one of the feature that be very important to I be that the system play my mp3 cd clearly . after hear it , I be quite satisfied , and extremely anxious to get one . set it up be a cinch . I need to get some speaker stand for the satellite speaker , but otherwise its completely set up . as soon as I get my dvd rental off of NetFlix , I pop one in the system and I be blow away !! it be exactly like be in a movie theater -lrb- especially that part in the begin where the letter , `` thx '' show up on the screen and you hear the sound and rumble all around you -rrb- the subwoofer be incredible . I still need to learn how to use a lot of the feature , there be so many feature . but there be some feature that Panasonic should have add : 1 . -rrb- here be a big one ; treble and bass control . at the time you can only control the bass level by up the subwoofer level , and the treble be adjust by select from a choice of pre-set sound level call `` Rock , Flat , Live ... '' and so on . 2 . -rrb- when you playback mp3 's you have to go through they one by one , there should be a `` skip 10 '' or `` skip 20 '' option . that be it though . I love my new system , it make tv show more exciting -lrb- I enjoy watch `` Alias '' with my home theater system turn on to tv mode -rrb- , the radio be simple to use , the CD play feature be excellent , and of course the dvd 's play just like the movie .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I do very much appreciate the people who take the time to explain the upgrade to the firmware . but the truth be that this device will not function in HDMI mode so what be the use of it . as a end-user , I be no slouch with non-intuitive device but this be a waste day and a half . the byzantine upgrade process require you to buy the digital optical cable . go to the website and download the manual . really . then download the firmware . the firmware would not update - I burn a cd of it on three device to be sure . Yamaha should be embarrass that they could not offer to send a cd . because without the update , you have to choose video or audio from HDMI . really ! what a choice . nice look bar - small but the woofer be large and heavy to make up for it . some thing be amiss here - I be still baffle by the good review . if I have buy this from anywhere else , I would have a hardtime explain the return .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be originally plan on get the 6500 , but could not find one locally . during that search , I run into a store that have one 6600 leave and it be on sale , so I go ahead and get it . the only apparent difference that I have find be the 6600 have Bluray 3d capability , but other than that they seem pretty identical . setup be relatively easy . everything be color-code and Samsung have they own little speaker wire plug , so it be hard to screw up . that make it easy , but more difficult to do any kind of customization of you own with other speaker . the speaker calibration seem to work pretty well , although now and the audio track randomly get out of sync on occasion , require a re-boot to reset thing . so far this have only happen when I have be watch the dvr , so I be not sure if it be specific to that device or input or not . I have my xbox 360 and hd Cable plug into the HDMI input , and it play everything well . it be great playing game in surround sound , too . that add a whole new dimension to the gaming experience . all of it be run to a 50 '' Panasonic plasma tv , which have one of the best picture in the tv business to begin with , so the video quality be awesome . I expect the sound to be marginal at best , come from a bit of a home-theater customization background . I be pleasantly surprise at how good it actually sound , though , particularly when play dvd or Blurays . do not get I wrong here , though . this provide the most basic of surround sound , which still greatly enhance watch movie , but it do not provide the same depth of sound as much more expensive and more powerful system . that say , the subwoofer do get low enough to simulate most sound , and the rest of it sound pretty good . dialogue be the best part , as this be actually sometimes the hardest part of a soundtrack to find a happy medium for comfortable listen without have to keep the remote handy for turn it up and down as the scene change . the Samsung find a balance between action and dialogue where you do not have to constantly adjust thing , which be proof that they have the auto-calibration down pretty well . I have mine wire directly to my home network . I do not even bother with the wireless dongle , as I have yet to use one that work to my expectation . even with a wire connection to a 10gb connection , I experience Netflix issue . the entire internet-based menu and app system be sluggish at best , so I will probably only use the internet for firmware update . I believe this be a Samsung issue , not my internet , for the simple reason that I can watch full hd Netflix movie through my xbox wirelessly with no issue at all . and that be fine with I ... I still play they through the Samsung surround sound , so it be not a loss , although it would be nice to see Samsung come up with a fix to smooth thing out . there be various app and whatnot you can play with online , but the remote be clumsy and poorly design in my opinion . it lack any intuitive way to type , for one thing , which limit what you can do efficiently on the web . you have to create a account at the Samsung app store , and another at they internet@tv or whatever it be call site , and I just have not have the patience to sit through it all . I have enough computer and app already , so I guess I be happy with just be able to play bluray in surround sound for now . : -rrb- for the price , I do not think you can beat what you get with this system . $ 450 and it do almost everything . I do wish it would tell you what resolution it be output to the tv and what kind of sound it be play in -lrb- i.e. dt , Dolby 5.1 , etc -rrb- . as far as I have be able to discover , there be no way to tell if it be truly play the encode surround signal . pro : price , good sound , easy setup , better than normal auto-calibration system for speaker con : confusing remote , unexplained slow-down in internet signal run through system that make use Netflix almost impossible .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Easy set up and connect to wifi easily . however , disc player result in tv screen go blank in the middle of dvd 's for a second or so in the middle of program , in some case multiple time . menu for multus episode dvd often do not play . Software would not update through wifus which Samsung customer support -lrb- call several time -rrb- attribute to higher than usual call volume -lrb- for a week -rrb- , server problem -lrb- for a week -rrb- , and in one case the guy blame my tv -lrb- ironically also a Samsung -rrb- . customer support be not very helpful . sound quality be mediocre and wireless rear speaker almost useless . however , the blank screen experience and inability to get this fix make the unit useless and I return it since it be defective . my guess be that Samsung have not develop the software and that they home theater unit should be avoid .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	1 -rrb- volume problem when play CD -lrb- too loud -rrb- 2 -rrb- dvd play ok 3 -rrb- setup be easy -lrb- color-code -rrb- and manual be ok 4 -rrb- get a replacement - same cd problem and dvd be break as well - send the whole thing back . 5 -rrb- would have be a nice system if it work .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we have have the same problem with the `` dream '' Home Theater System . we have learn to mute the sound instead of turn it completely off for the night ... it seem that once off , it become extremely finicky about turn back on and come off of the dread `` standby . '' we inquire about get it fixed and be quote approximately $ 135 . I have do my research and will invest in another company 's product instead . do not waste you time on this one .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the speaker come well package . they sound great . later I will be add they sub since these speaker have turn out so good .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the unit work nicely and the sound be great for the price . I be surprised how much bass come from the passive subwoofer . it be quite handy to be able to switch HDMI input with the push of a remote button , no get up . then one day tward the end of the warrenty period , the system would not turn on . all that would happen be a flash red light . Sony support be helpfull try to diagnose the problem and decide it be a issue that have to be repair at the factory . then my wife have a medical emergency and end up in the hospital for a couple of day . my problem with the system be long forget and it still sit by the tv not work . would have give it 5 star if it still work .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this sytem about 2 week ago . so far , everything be work just fine . the sound be decent and the design be good , the system be easy to setup -lrb- clap you hand in the setup program and it set the distance from each speaker -rrb- however , I do have some complaint . decent quality sound reproduction but sound a bit wash out in the mid range . the system take what seem to be forever to switch from one dvd\/cd to another with a lot of wind and click sound . it have a 5-disc changer . however , the 5 tray be flimsey and they open up by force open the front cover - it only open by way of the disc tray push it down and out of the way as the tray come out . for the price , I think it be a good deal . however , I probably would now see about the th-m606 instead - it be more expensive , but it be more powerful . I think JVC should see about inprove switching speed inside the unit as well as make the face cover open independantly of the disc push it open - i be just wait for one of the flemsey tray to break if the front cover ever stick close .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy these speaker for my boyfriend 's birthday after much research . after read all the review I decide on these & I be glad I do : -rrb- very easy to set up , and the sound that come out of these speaker be very good . not incredible but much better than we tv speaker . we be get to the point of have to turn the tv all the way up just to hear the dialogue on some movie . well no more ! music sound really good too , can not wait for football season to see what these baby can do !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this product be a great value . I watch x-man 2 last night and the sound be incredible . it be easy to install , but if you have a cable box be sure to use the direction come with the cable box because the direction that come with the unit be poor -lrb- just a diagram that show EVERY type of configuration on one page -rrb- . also , the sub-woofer come with a annoying sticker on it that take 1\/2 a hour to get off . I highly recommend this unit for sound quality and price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be give up on this system . the CD changer take too long to change disc , and the system crash in one unit in 4 week - I exchange it and it break again after 2 week . luckily I pay for a extended warranty that allow immediate exchange as well as replacement for dissatisfaction -lrb- local retailer -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase these on sale more than a year ago from Amazon and they be amazing . I could not be more pleased with these speaker . I do not have a large room so for I this system be more than enough . I connect these speaker to my Denon avr 391 and when I be watch movie or play game the 5.1 be awesome ! I be not much of a technical guy when it come to sound but I know these speaker sure do not disappoint .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this so call home theater system do not have a dvd player or even a VCR . how can they call it such ?
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after read some of the review I have decide it be not just a problem with mine . I have 2 computer and x-box connect to my wirele network and have no prolem but can not get this system to work . it will recognize my network . I get it to connect once , create a tv@internet id , download upgrade , but then would not open the app . tell I it could not connect due to interference . -lrb- other network connect device be not on -rrb- it would then revert to the wire setting . I reset the device several time and redo the set-up . sometimes it see the network but will not connect . after 2 week of work with it I be take it back !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just purchase this a week ago . so far , so good ... the unit work well and sound good , the only real complaint be the lack of bass from the subwoofer . it be only a 6 1\/4 '' subwoofer , so I know the bass would not be extremely good , but I be hope for a little more . the satelite speaker work and sound great . good clear output from they . overall , a pretty decent product for the money .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be completely happy with this purchase . it be simple to hook up ... even for a tech delinquent like I ! I do not realize how sad the speaker in my tv be until I get this . it be great for movie as well as music listening . good buy ... love it !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this system have a easy set up it only take I about 10 minute , maybe less . the length of the speaker wire be just right for my studio and put out good sound . one draw back be the cord , each have one black side and then a different color run through the whole wire . it would not have be so bad if only the first inch of so of the wire be such but now it make the wire pretty obvious if there be not a way to place they discreetly . overall a great product , but have one serious down fall for I and that be the blu-ray player . it take a while to load and then it would occasionally drop the sound for a quick second . not noticible at first but happen more frequently . then finally no sound at all . the blu-ray would freeze try to load a dvd and then it be blinking pink and the home screen which lead to a solid pink screen . the AUX source work fine and put out great sound still , so it be solely the blu-ray player that be problematic . so , if all you need be great sound from you AUX source this be a great buy . but since I know we want the whole system I would not recommend this product . the return for I be super simple . repack the system in the box it come in , print the UPS label from return Center , place the return paper in box , and drop off at a UPS location . Got to the Returns Center in a week and reimbursement notice in the same day .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just recently purchase this item . the sound be great , extremely loud and clear for both dvd and cd . it be not the most user friendly piece of equipment ever , it be easy to set up and get work with dvd , but some other thing that you would think would be simple , like put cd on random be suprisingly difficult . the instruction be all but useless . the other thing that be obviously my fault for not realize it , be it do not include digital input so you can not listen to cable show that be broadcast in surround or video game that support surround in true surround . I do not understand that requirement when I buy it and be disappoint when I figure it out . seem like a system that nice should have the ability to generate surround sound from a outside source . also get the wireless rear speaker kit and it have work really well so far . it will occasionally fight with my wireless laptop if I sit between the unit and back speaker , but it switch channel by itself and work perfectly after a few seconds .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for year I have be watch movie with the tv 's speaker -- which be mono . here 's why I pick this unit :  \* Digital input . this be crucial . \* power subwoofer . \* 600w output . it be in a small room , but I want room to grow \* when I buy it , there be free shipping -- at 50-70 pound , surround system cost a ton to ship .  i hook it up , and it sound incredible ! I be probably only use about a third of the power it can put out , but even so , explosion rock the house ... Dialog be crisp and music sound full and rich . setup be a breeze ; the wire be color code , and the manual get you up and run quickly .  another bonus be the dvd player -- I already have one -lrb- a apex from Amazon -rrb- , but this be a great little unit . it put out beautiful progressive-scan picture . you can fast-forward at incredible speed -lrb- I think the top be 120x -rrb- . best of all , it have a 1.5 x ffw speed that play sound without distort it -lrb- it do not get high-pitched -rrb- . so if you be in a hurry maybe you could watch a dvd faster that way . : -rrb-  all in all , a awesome unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently upgrade from a ~ $ 300 Sony htib -lrb- home theater in a box -rrb- system to this and I have be very satisfied . I be look for a system that be a step up from the $ 200-300 htib but below the super-expensive system that you build yourself use those big tall receiver use by hardcore av enthusiast . this bose system fit the bill exactly . since I mainly use the system to watch blu-ray movie and do not listen to any music and do not own a ipod , the t20 be perfect for I . I have hear that bose be criticise for be overprice and gimmicky by hardcore av enthusiast , but I be not a sound expert and I can only judge a system by how it sound to I . I must say this system sound pretty sweet to I . one of my biggest fear prior to purchase this system be that , not be a audiophile , I will not be able to tell the difference between a $ 200 system and a $ 2000 one . thankfully , the difference between this bose system and my previous $ 300 Sony system be obvious and clear . the sound on the bose be signficantly crisper and just ... `` better '' than my old system . when I be watch a blu-ray , the surround sound be awesome , and the bass be rich and deep . when I be play a xbox 360 game now , the surround sound make it feel like a entirely new experience . I be currently play Fallout New Vegas and I love that I can hear footstep behind I , etc. . although my old Sony system be technically 5.1 surround , the rear speaker be always too soft and the quality be not that good , and I just do not get the same level of immersion . I feel that I know what I be get for that extra money . many have comment at how user-friendly and easy this system be to set up with the Unify system . I must concur . even with Unify , it be physically a chore to set up a 5.1 theater system , but Bose 's exceedingly well-designed and user-friendly interface make it as painless as possible . I do have one brief scare when I could not get sound out of my tv when watch network tv use a optical cable , but then I discover I have plug it into the wrong hole on the bose system -lrb- the bose system have two optical in , one for the tv , a extra one for something else , make sure you plug it into the correct one -rrb- . after set up you system , the use of the device be again very intuitive for the most part . I can tell that a lot of care go into the design of the user interface , and I appreciate it . my one gripe be that I wish the system have a display screen on the main receiver so that when I be watch antenna tv I can more quickly switch the bose t20 to the `` tv mode '' . as it work now , I have to first switch my tv to hdmus mode so that I can `` talk '' to the bose and set the bose to `` tv mode '' , then switch the tv back to antenna\/tv mode . it would be great in future system if there be a display screen on the receiver state which mode I be in , allow I to switch the bose to the tv mode without have to ever put the tv to hdmus mode . my old Sony system have that capability . aesthetically , the system also deserve praise for be sleek , beautiful , and well-designed . the speaker be all suprisingly heavy and solid , and feel like they be make with quality material . someone complain about the remote be too `` heavy '' , but I think the remote just feel like a quality remote . the Acoustamass module likewise have very good build quality . the bottem line be that nothing in the entire system feel cheap , and when guest come over , you will be proud to display you bose system . other than that small gripe , I be exceedingly satisfy with my purchase . I be even happier that bose be a american brand , and I be delighted own a sound system design by american -lrb- even if the product be assemble in Mexico lol -rrb- . if I can not buy american-made , at least I can buy american-designed . hopefully my money support some homegrown engineer . now if only a american company would release a decent hdtv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this because I have review and find out it be good for I to buy , I do not any product without review
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this on SALE for $ 150 and it be a great value ! at 100 watt , it wo not blow away the neighbor , BUT deliver excellent sound , ESPECIALLY when play dvd 's with thx or dt sound . picture quality be excellent - especially with flat screen tv . I have not add a woofer yet , BUT will soon . I do not want all the speaker that come with a conventional surround sound system , SO THIS WAS PERFECT . CD 's DO not SOUND QUITE AS GOOD - NOT ENOUGH DEPTH to the sound , BUT HOPEFULLY that will change with the addition of the woofer .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... look for a decent , reasonably price unit in store be a joke , so do not waste you time . after look on line , we take a chance on this unit , and have not regret it . I be sure there be better system out there , but you will pay a arm and a leg for they . this one do the job and be more than worth the money and trouble to order it on line . the only complaint we have be that the system will not allow you to control the speaker individually , but I be not sure that this be a option that any system give you , so take that comment with a grain of salt . other than that , the sound be great , the system be aesthetically please , and if you already have a dvd player and do not need a system that include one , this be a must purchase for you .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this for a small 1br apartment and it be everything I could ask for and more . I spend a long time compare Home Theatre Systems and choose this one because it have the most feature at a reasonable price point . I have a Sony Bravia 32 '' that connect to the stereo system and that make it very easy to control volume and power on\/off the system and tv together use the original tv\/cable remote . the three HDMI port be great for CABLE , PS3 , and a extra port to connect my laptop , and when the system be off the pass-through option allow you to continue use you tv as if the system wasnt connect . the speaker and sub woofer sound great and I love the auto-calibration mic , it make everything very simple . there be more than enough wire for front and rear speaker , the center speaker cord be a little small , and the gauge be just the right size to be hide from sight under carpet and around wall . the hts-s370 be a great buy and make play video game and watch tv and movie more enjoyable . pro : great sound , lot of wire , easy setup con : none ! note : I be not too sure why , but I use lcpm on PS3 and still my video game play in 720p not 1080p
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love these speaker . grant , we be replace a head of the line Pioneer home theater set from over a decade ago , so there be little comparison . on the other hand though , I must say I be disappoint in Amazon . I buy these on a gold box deal for $ 200 less than list price , think it be a excellent deal . Newegg have have they for over a year for $ 300 less than this price , and that be they regular price . so , although I highly recommend these speaker ... I also recommend you do what I fail to do ... shop around , and look at Newegg -lrb- much better price -rrb- . I pair this set with a Denon AVR 2311cus . this be a excellent combination in my humble opinion . whatever receiver you use , just keep in mind this set can only handle up to 100 watt per channel at 8ohm . grant , there do not seem to be a receiver out there which do not inflate it be number a bit , so there be some padding . the Denon we have be rate 105 per channel , yet the speaker be just fine .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look for a home Theater in a box solution that be minimalist in appearance , without compromise on sound quality or available feature . I try the bose 3-2-1 system and cinemate speaker prior to this . I end up return both the product . for about $ 500 less , Yamaha deliver amazing sound quality in a very small footprint ! I highly recommend this product for apartment dweller or someone who appreciate minimalism . pro : - 3 hdmus input + 1 Analog - solid Build Quality + Yamaha reputation - one-of-a-kind receiver that have a built-in subwoofer - great price & fast shipping on amazon.com CONS : - the speaker bar sometimes block the infrared port on the tv , thereby make it difficult to use the tv remote . -lrb- this be really not a con , as you can dismount the leg to lower the height or position the speaker appropriately -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have have this system for a year , and just can not convince myself I be happy with it . it seem to have different volume range with dvd , cd , and feed from hdtv . so while it will rattle the window play a dvd , I can hardly get the gain loud enough to hear quiet dialog on some tv program . the CD reproduction be tinny and not acceptable for music listening . as far as surround sound ... none that I can tell . do not compare with the 5.1 that I cobble together with a amp and some old speaker . so if you just want to play you dvd loud in a small room , this unit look good and provide a great picture . but if you be look for a home theater system , dream on .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this system last year . I have keep it in the box for about 2 month because I be plan a move and do not want to hook it up . I hook it up in Nov or Dec of last year and play two dvd . have problem with both on audio and have to adjust language to either 2.0 or 5.1 before it would play right . most recently I join a dvd club , buy many dvd and have problem play any dvd that do not have language choice of 5.1 or 2.0 . call manufacturer and they say too bad , it be out of warranty . what a waste of money . do not buy this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I set this up as a secondary home theater system in my home . although not as detail as my main system , I be very surprise by the sound quality for the price . excellent for movie , but a bit harsh for pure music listen for my taste . the sub could be a little more refine , but it be adjustable . if you be look for decent movie sound on a limited budget , I do not think you can go wrong here .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	ok , maybe I be on a little bit of a `` jihad '' here against these up-converting dvd player , but bear with I because I do have a valid point . do not buy any dvd player because it can `` up-convert to hd '' . evaluate all dvd player on whether they do everything else well , or have the connection you need -lrb- DVI , HDMI , etc. -rrb- or the price be in you budget . this may be a fine dvd player , but do not buy it just because it can up-convert , and do not use the up-convert capability of this player even if you do buy it . if you tv can accept 720p or higher input via DVI or HDMI , then it be already scale the image to fit the native resolution of the display device . and I guarantee you it be do a better job of it than any sub-200 dollar dvd player be go to do . -lrb- if not , then you hdtv be poorly make -rrb- . my final point : if this up-coverting technology be such a good idea , why be Samsung the only one do it ? why not Pioneer , Panasonic , Sony , JVC , and Denon ? -lrb- because they know it be usless technology -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Got this thing for my girlfriend as a Christmas gift . hooked everything up Christmas eve , she be so excited , then the dvd player do not work . will not read dvd 's or CD 's . thanks for ruin she Christmas KLH ! that be why I buy Sony only ... learn my lesson on this one .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be use this as the sound system for a tv and cd\/dvd player in a small room . it work great . the sound be excellent for my use and the ability to control the volume and other input level be a big plus . other sound system that I look at in the same price range do not have the remote . I have be use the rca rt151 system for a couple of month with no problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	you really get you money 's worth with this setup . it be simple , easy to set up and even easier to use . my beef be that -lrb- perhaps because my unit be not work right -rrb- while it be advertise to decode DTS from DVDs , I could never get that function to work . instead of dt I get ... silence . well , maybe it be I . however , it be suppose to be a `` no-brainer '' setup , sooo ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I receive my norcent dp1800 17.12.03 . I be so excite with it . I set it up immediately . it sound great . my wife and I first watch lord of the Rings & quot ; the two Towers & quot ; at first she say where be the bass , I think it would have have more bass , and then it hit she wow what great sound . she be not easily impressed , but she be with the dp1800 . the only thing though be that the power can not be turn on or off with the remote . other than that , I recommend it to anyone who be interested in a highly efficient low price range home Theater System . it be a great buy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I think this product be great for the price . I be compare it to the sony 1000watt and i believe the 700watt be louder and clearer than the sony 1000watt . I can turn the volume all the way up and its still clear ! I wish I would have buy the 1000watt version of it tho : -lrb- I bet that one realy rock !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this as a second system for my bedroom . I already have a much more expensive reference system in my living room . I be offer a Phillips 9 inch color portable very cheap and think this would go great with it . I spend some time install the speaker around my bed with the front three , subwoofer and monitor on special shelving at the base . I have to admit I be totally blow away with the sound quality and volume possible from this little unit . Norcent should have add adjustable bass and treble control because the bass while impressive on dvd material be too much on CD or on information feed to the input jack . unfortunately my unit develop a problem with intermittent sound output on the right front and surround channel . at first I fiddle with the speaker wire and get the sound back but the problem keep re-occuring so I have have to ship it back to Norcent for repair . the speaker terminal be cheap and nasty and let down a otherwise nice little performer . give that this unit will probably be install in a lot of bedroom and den a headphone socket would be useful for late night use . overall good and , if it have not develop this problem , I would say a incredible value unit . to be honest I have have just as much fun use this as my other system which cost as much as a small car !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	yep it be a decent set for the money , but since the dt decoding be flaw , I would not bother if you enjoy DTS . how be it flaw , you may ask ? let I tell you . Play a movie with strong bass in it in Dolby 5.1 , and then switch to DTS . where do the bass go ?  you want a example ? try Fellowship of the Ring Extended Edition . the part where Sauron get kill at the start and there be this bass-heavy ` tidal-wave ' across the soldier . lot of lovely bass in 5.1 , and nothing in DTS . useless . same story with all dt movie .  you can do better . .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I recently purchase at circuit city , $ 50 less than amazon.com . I think they be partner ? the dvd player do not work but return be no problem . the sound be very clear and the bass be strong . I have to keep the bass turn down due to apartment living . Hookup be kind of a pain . once I discard the direction and use logic it work .  Remote for the dvd be a bit poor as one button act as leave , right , up , down and enter . it be easy to hit enter unintentionally .  I do not think the product description make it clear but this be also a am\/fm tuner .  overall , I be very satisfied and would buy it again .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	aside from see many of they at the 2011 CES Show in January , I recently spend several week research every detail of the 2011 Home Theatre Systems because I want the best one to mate with my new Samsung UN55D7000 3D HDTV . shortly I will be post my complete review of this product on epinion but until then , I 'll simply say that I make the right choice and Amazon have the BEST price anywhere !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a lot of punch in a small package . great sound , pretty easy setup , although I do not like the speaker connection too much .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	buy the system in early 2011 ... obvious , this be a `` while supplies last '' as sl be no longer make home audio equipment . the system come with everything...av-rec , 5 speaker and a sub woofer , cable , and speaker stand . the speaker be really outstanding . first , these speaker be very well build and very sturdy . they can be floor\/shelf speaker with stand or flush mount on the wall . most important , these speaker sound great . very clear and excellent high and mid range sound and decent base even without the sub woofer . definately the best part of the deal be these speaker . I do not have a huge amount of experience with sub-woofer , but this one seem to be pretty good . I have very little doubt that there be better one out there , but this one produce more than enough clear and accurate base for my 16 x 18 foot room . the av receiver do not have hdmus connection , which be a drawback and now be about 6 year old . but the quality of the sound be outstanding ... have optical connection -lrb- 2 -rrb- , coaxial optical , component and rca connection , etc. . . plenty of option if hdmus be not essential . I will upgrade the receiver in a year or two . con ... older receiver w\/no hdmus . speaker be not true surround ... all five be identical -lrb- but sound great -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this piece of junk fail within the first week . I send it to a Panasonic Repair Center and after 3 week they could not repair it and now I have to send it to the East Coast . I spend $ 300 for a product that not even the PANASONIC repair center can repair !!! they warranty be worth absolutely nothing !!! stay away from PANASONIC ! THIS PRODUCT be ABSOLUTE JUNK . it be SO BAD that PANASONIC REPAIR CENTERS CAN NOT REPAIR IT !!!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a really good system for someone on a budget . the player itself be pretty easy to set up and be quite user friendly . the Dolby Digital output be very clean , especially on dvd . the audio be a little low for movie but I have never have to go past the middle volume setting . it be sound be great for bedroom or other small room . I do not know if 30 watt per channel be enough for larger room like live room or den . the video output be also good . it come with setting and hookup for s-video and component . the reciever be pretty standard overall but for under ... you could do alot worse . the speaker wire be also pretty long so you 'll have some extra to use in case you have to spread those speaker out . the only thing I do not like about it be the changer do take a while to load new disc and the radio pickup on the reciever seem a little weak . but that be really not that bad and it be a great system for people on a budget or if it be you first home theater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this to replace a LG fd-790 vintage 2007 which die . I want Blu-Ray so buy this instead of fix the LG . I consider another LG but read all the bad review about the wireless rear speaker not work so pass . I be a Amazon Prime subscriber and want something that could stream instant video as my tv be a lg 47lbx which be not internet ready . I do not want a separate boxee type thing or htpc because of technology issue of another family member and tv watcher . the good thing be it all work and be relatively easy to setup . the bad thing for I be : 1 I try to register for my Sony Essentials account but it turn out that if you already have a sonystyle.com online account it be the same thing so I lock my exist account try to register . this result in a extended phone wait and multiple transfer to have my account reset . then streaming work . 2 I install the MediaRemote for Android by Sony on my Samsung Infuse and it work except the Network Services function have a place for username and password but no way to navigate to the password at least not on my phone . 3 as mention in other review there be no equalizer . my wife say the bass boom too much . I have it set to -6 db which be as turn down as it go . I may have to put a pillow under it or something . I know other have comment on the poor bass response of the other speaker but no complaint on that . I have try the various audio mode but none of they seem to cut the subwoofer volume relative to other speaker or frequency response much . 4 program the radio preset be a pain and non-intuitive but it work and I hope to never do it again
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a nice little home theater system and it serve the purpose for which it be intend . it be small , easy to put together , have detail instruction and produce a nice quality sound for watchinig movie without be too overwhelming . this be definitely for home use , so anyone who be look for a booming , thunderous effect in a larger area will not get it from this unit . I be unable to hook it up to my 20 year + stereo system , but that be no surprise . I also could not get that itsy bitsy remote to work . but these be not deal breaker and overall , it do quite well in my family room .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be on the second system after my first system be replace . this product have cause constant problem . the system take dvd and cd and do not eject they .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	pro : 0 . good sound . . though i must confess here that i be no audiophile nor be i musically incline . . but the sound be nice and fairly crisp . . bass . . not that great but at that price you can afford to add a subwoofer later . the speaker take some time to burn in though . . i be initially disappointed but then it seem to improve later . 1 . dvd video . 2 . mp3 support . . the mp3 browsing be rather good too . . not ungainly as be see in some of the dvd player on the market . 3 . radio sound good too . 4 . compact size con : 1 . weird shaped speaker . . stretch octagon ?! 2 . the decibel level doesnt go all that high . . so if you want to blast music maybe this isnt for you . 3 . 4 wire to connect per speaker ! 4 . dont , dont lose the remote . actually , all say and do i like this system . . and for 150 buck i dont think i could get a better one . i can not comment on service though . . havent need it yet . but then its just a couple of week old .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy ANY Panasonic Products . my Home Theatre that I buy be the sc-ht830v . I pay nearly $ 400 for it . exactly 1 year & 2 week after buy it , the display quit work , and no sound come out of the speaker . one year after spend $ 400 , its worth nothing . and , of course , they customer support be nicely say ... `` I be sorry , sir , but since it be out of warranty , company policy say we can not do anything . '' so , despite spend $ 400 -lrb- which be a lot to I -rrb- , they would not do a thing because I the system break 2 week too late . therefore , they lose a customer ... for life . and I urge you to stay away from they .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the ht900 be a very good system for the price . I be originally go to buy the system in a retail store but come here since it be a hundred dollar cheaper than national chain store and no tax . I listen to other system in the store but nothing could compare to the ht900 for the price .  the system take about two hour to set up -lrb- assembly and placement -rrb- but all that move and effort be worth it . the sound be pretty good with very good bass from the powerful subwoofer\/amplifier . it may be a bit confusing for new user to understand the feature available to they but most can understand the instruction very easily . only con I can see right now be the lack of more disc support in the player . dvd+r \/ w and dvd-rw would have be nice instead of just the Panasonic support format of dvd-r and the die dvd-ram .  overall , this be a good system and I would recommend it . you can not find anything else with the same sound quality and feature set for the price tag of $ 400 . it look pretty darn spiffy as well .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this system for almost a year now . every thing on it work great . there be a few exception like hold the ff and rw to actually rewind and fast forward . also , to those look for true wireless please think . do you want you speaker to be run on battery ? it have to have a terminal to connect to the back speaker . I be have to send the system in because the fan be bust due to a power surge . a minnor hasle , over all it produce great sound and great picture quality . Great for beginner and expert user for a affordable price
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	great stuff . look around and think the pioneer be best , buy this on sale for a little over 400 and consider it worth every penny . about 35 minute setup time .  only complaint be that I have to go out and buy addtional cord to hook it up to my tv for tv sound , but that be more a complaint with all of these `` out of the box '' system .  it really have terrific sound -- deep and solid bass and the raindrop in Forest Gump -lrb- Vietnam scene -rrb- be crystal clear . the picture be equally as clear . would definately recomend to a friend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	love this thing sound quality be clear the base be strong I think it be go to be weak but I be wrong .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Works ok with some dvd . the only reason I buy be for the radio include in but it be not worth the trouble . in 12 month it have spend atleast 2 month get fix . the dvd doesnt open and they dont know what the fix for it . Said they add some lubricant to open but it fail again . then they change the laser head dont know why but even that doesnt seem to help
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we finally get around to mount the speaker up properly , only to find the unit do not work properly . it will read low-budget dvd like `` little rascal '' collection -lrb- buy at Christian bookstore -rrb- and a music tutorial dvd , but it will not read any dvd rental or purchase from Blockbuster and the like . the unit only show the `` no disk '' indication . the only menu I can get be the general menu option when dvd\/cd player be select . DSP , equalize , and other button do\/indicate\/select nothing . this statement on Amazon and other seller ' site be a lie : `` Dolby Digital 5.1 and Dolby pro Logic decoding ; Dolby pro Logic II generate 5.1 surround signal from any stereo -lrb- 2-channel -rrb- source '' the unit default to stereo mode when aux 1 or aux 2 or select , so there be no way to get surround sound from this thing except if it be encode on a dvd that will actually play . nothing in the manual or on the box support the claim of the seller that it will `` generate surround signal from any stero -lrb- 2-channel -rrb- source . '' this be a figment of a sale ' department imagination . I be severly mislead into buy this junk because of this false claim as I be specifically look for a cheap way to get surround sound into that room . the previous homeowner leave hole in the wall from they home theater , but since this be a room we do not use much , I opt for a cheap way to cover the hole with speaker and bring surround sound to my directv viewing\/cd playing in that room . add to that the fact that no rental dvd will work , it be a extreme ripoff . of course the receipt be nowhere to be find so I can not even have the unit service under warranty even though I have the box , UPC , and manual . even if I do , I suspect I will be tell that the disclaimer in the manual be interpret to mean there be never any guarantee the unit would play -lrb- undamaged , clean -rrb- rental or purchase commercial dvd 's .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have my eye on this package for many month and when I see it drop below $ 200 recently , I decide it be time to give it a try . what a great package and value at this price . I be use it in a 12 ` x12 ' bedroom with a 32 '' hdtv and it be just great . the sub\/amp be small and easily hide and the front work well on either side of the tv . sound quality be good , but probably not as good as a bose cinemate system . it definitely get distorted at high volume and be best for home theater and medium-level music listening . at 1\/4 the bose cinemate g price though , you be get more than 3\/4 of the sound quality and feature . this can be turn into a full 5.1 system with the addition of a center channel speaker and two rear speaker . for small room though , that might be overkill . the 2.1 system work well especially for clearly produce dialog for movie . the hdmi-cec link feature be very nice and may allow you to use you tv remote alone . I do not have it setup perfectly yet , but be please with this feature and not have to deal with another remote . the quality be good and it be sharp look . have it do all you hdmi-switching with up to three input be another plus .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy the Panasonic SCHT80 for my mother for Christmas after do some extensive research . I go to bose and look at they system and Cambridge Sound , I check out all of the on-line rating system and even use consumer report and all give the Panasonic SCHT80 a great review . the sound be awesome and it be the most convenient thing to have a cd and dvd with speaker . I want to get my mother a system that be easy to use and understand . all I have to do be plug in the VCR and the Digital Cable box to the scht80 and you can watch television and hear it through the speaker on surround sound . on Christmas day when I get that bad boy out of the box and all hook up it have even more than I have ever expect . I would recommend this to anyone who want convenience , great sound , awesome visual and all in one box with a price you can not beat .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	we upgrade to the Vizio from a Polk Audio Instant Home Theater . not a knock on the Polk -- it simulate surround sound from two-channel stereo , with no rear speaker -- it be not a apples-to-apples comparison . the Polk improve on we tv 's built-in speaker -lrb- by a lot -rrb- , but we still have a hard time hear dialog . we would pump the volume to hear dialog only to be blow away minute later when music or sound effect kick in . we like the soundbar platform , the wireless subwoofer , and the clean styling . we main goal for a replacement soundbar be a isolate center channel that could be control separately . nice-to-have be 5.1 with rear speaker . and it still need to do all that wirelessly , like the Polk do . the Vizio deliver that at a great price . we can -lrb- and do -rrb- turn up the center channel so we can hear people talk , then dial in the bass\/subwoofer channel so as not to wake the kid . grant , the satellite speaker be wire to the subwoofer , but the subwoofer be wireless to the front of the room . that be reasonable -lrb- wireless satellite would need power anyway -rrb- . the Vizio component be glossy black with chrome trim -- a touch flashy for my taste . and the led on the unit be a little too futuristic for I -lrb- more on led in a second -rrb- . and anyone with kid know that anything glossy do not stay that way . a common complaint with this unit be that the led fail . there be arrow-shaped led under the cloth grill that indicate volume and other status information . they only appear when you be change volume , then go away . Mine fail , as have many other reviewer ' . so what ? they be goofy-looking and , although the feedback be nice , I do not miss they one bit . it do not exactly instill confidence , but still ... so what ? it work . pro : distinct , controllable , dialog channel Wireless connection to rear of room good -lrb- for a soundbar -rrb- surround separation left-to-right and front-to-back excellent value con : gaudy styling -lrb- compare to Polk -rrb- led fail
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	keep in mine this be not a true 5.1 system . however it be practically impossible to tell the difference . these speaker be crystal clear and perform perfectly . for the money , you can not find better , guarantee !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	one previous review mention that this unit would not have 5.1 sound if connect to a cable box with the 2-channel audio -lrb- red\/white -rrb- cable . this be not true , 5.1 sound be encode on only two channel . you will get 5.1 sound from a cable box if the program be encode in 5.1 . another nice feature be that with the Dolby pro Logic II , you get decent simulated 5.1 sound even with normal stereo program . this system be unbeatable for the money . I pay $ 400 after rebate from Costco , and the system include speaker stand . for the money , you get a 5-disk dvd\/cd changer , a VCR , a AM\/FM tuner , a surround sound amplifier and 5 speaker and a subwoofer . I be very pleased with this unit and would buy it again . add surround sound really make movie come alive . there be a few thing that could be better about this system . first , the remote be horrid . it will do everything , but it be very difficult to use . you will need to read the manual . for some strange reason , the volume adjustment only appear on - screen when play dvd , not when play tape or watch tv . the channel number do not appear on screen until about 2 seconds after the channel be change . there be a front panel display of channel number , but the slow on-screen display be quite annoying . the clock be suppose to set automatically , but mine would not . the clock be not difficult to set manually . the dvd send output to the composite output , s-video , and component video . however , the VCR only send output on the composite output so you will need both composite and s-video connection to you tv if ou want to take advantage of the S-Video . it would be nice if the VCR would also output on the S-Video connector , this would simplify connection to the tv . I wish there be a way to use the built-in tv speaker as either a center channel or front right\/left speaker . this should be easy and cheap to add , but I have not yet find a unit that support it . one last little gripe , the power rating of this system be totally bogus . there be no way that the speaker could handle they rate power , and I seriously doubt the unit can actually put out 550w of audio power . the drive level be ample for home use , but the rating be crazy . all manufacturer seem to be do this these day .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	DO NOT BUY if you dont have a amp and a reciever . first of all , the speaker be puny . next you need a amp to get 100watts as advertise . wait theres much more , you need a reciever too . and last but not least , this item be refurbish ! - which be not advertise as you can see .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a test . after I write my review the program perform a a illegal operation and be shut down . before I try again to type my review , I be run this test .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be very satisfied with this product , give it 4 star only because I do not have a lot of comparison . you get a lot of feature for dollar in the $ 300 + range : dvd\/vcr , 5.1 surround , 6 speaker , a multitude of custom setting , auxillary input , component video output , s-video output , progressive scan , mp3 capable , 220 watt of power , and more . I recently have Terminator 3 in the dvd player , and really rattle the room . I have mine hook up with a DISH Network box and frequently play the digital music channel through the surround speaker . I also use the mp3 feature , and have put several of my favorite album on a cd-r in mp3 format and let it spin for hour . the picture quality with CVI output look great . all in all , this be a great value for a theater system , the only thing better would be to spend more and get a 5-disc changer . I be very happy with the purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be tear between this unit and a similar Samsung unit , and I decide to go with this Sony because I have alway6s be please with Sony product . well , Sony definitely let I down on this one . first off this unit be easy to set up . it take longer to run the wire across the room than it do to actually hook it up . but the volume on this be sub-par . even on the max level volume -lrb- 35 -rrb- it still be not that loud . the main problem be the amount of bass that it produce . the bass be so overpowering that you can barely even hear people talk in the movie , and there be no way to adjust the level at all .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I can not say enough about this speaker system . I be afraid that buy a satellite system because I though they would sound cheap , but boy be I wrong . the sound that come out of these speaker be amazing and they sound just as good at low volume and they do at high volume . I be not a expert , but I know what sound good and I know what I like and these be perfect for I and they fit my budget nicely . they be without a doubt the best set of speaker I have ever have . I have they hook up to a pioneer vsx-30 elite amplifier with output detail 80 Watt - 8 ohm - 20 - 20000 hz - thd 0.08 % - 7 channel -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- surround -rrb- and it be a perfect match with he receiver . I also have a set of Klipsch SF-3 floor standing speaker hook up with em and all I can say be I be hear my music for the first time at this level of quality and can not believe the difference . I have have no problem with the sub and it turn off and on just fin without make any noise as I have read it previous comment .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when I go to buy a new Amplifier\/Dvd\/Speaker setup for my room , I figure on have to buy serperate unit to get the spec I want , ie . progressive scan , 400 watt or so total power , DTS , etc. . I see this unit on display and be impressed , I be previously unaware that these feature could all be have in one package , let alone for the -lrb- money -rrb- that I spend on it .  the initial setup go over fairly smoothly , with a very handy user 's manual . I have the main unit and all of the speaker set up with my satellite tv and ps2 in a little over a hour . the quality of the part be impressive at the low price range , the part be solid and attractive , and the speaker be clear and distortion free , even at maximum power .  although my analog tv be not compatible with the progressive scan capability of the player , the picture be clear as can be and I look forward to enjoy progressive scan with the purchase of a hdtv .  the include speaker play very well , thay have quite a lot of depth , and reproduce very true sound . they play well at all sound level , although it would be nice if the amp drive they a little harder . it play plenty loud for most people in a small to midsized room , but I go by the adage `` more be always better ! ''  the subwoofer to play very well , it rumble well and sound remarkably tight for a ported woofer . 180 watt make alot of sound here .  all in all , I would not hesitate to recommend this setup to anyone seek to add a home theater system to there house with relative ease , although for the true audiophile , a component setup be a better choice .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the satellite speaker sound fantastic and be easy to place throughout you room . the subwoofer drive low and hard and shake my entire house , even at time I swear I can not hear it . Center be not too large and yet sound better than the one it replace which be huge . the only realy criticical review here on Amazon regard these speaker be one idiot that give it one star because the one he get be defective . these be , by far , the best speaker available under $ 800 - $ 1000 . check the stereo review on they for absolute detail . I can only really tell you how they sound to I . they bring life back to my five year old receiver .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	great product , compact design , very good functionality , easy to set up . I love it . could use a better look design , but it be ok .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	absolutely a unique experience . this Yamaha Soundbar exceed my expectation with tremendous sound quality . hook it up to a Blu-Ray player with great soundtrack like the Eagles and be prepare to be impressed . I do have to set-up the Sony Blu-Ray player by connect it directly to my Samsung lcd and then once that be do it work great through the hdmus on the amp\/receiver\/subwoofer . very compact system with big sound and plenty of adjustment . you will not be disappoint .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	awesome sound for such a small system . Great for small New York apartment where space be at a premium .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this dvd player about 4 month ago ... for the brand I figure it would be a pretty good unit ... I think wrong though right now the only movie I can get to work on this player without the speaker buzz be Rocky Horror , and that only if I listen to it in mono ... so far my Bass channel put out just buzz ... the internal fan go dead , so the only way to keep it from over heating be to keep the lid off it ... the left and right channel buzz , the surround stop work all together ... all in all , this unit be worthless ... dont buy it !!! and , if on the off chance that you already have one ... when it break down , save the speaker , they be the best part of the unit ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I just buy one of these without the benefit of actually have see it plug into a tv . -lrb- after buy a apex model that I love except for the fact that it break down after a hour of use ! -rrb- the panasonic work well for dvd , although it lack some of the wizardry of the Apex unit -lrb- for example , the ability to zoom the picture -rrb- . but I think most `` mainstream '' player be behind on thing like this , at least those in the lower-end of the market .  the system play mp3 well in term of audio , but be warn -- it do not seem to have a user interface for mp3 or cd playback . when I put a cd-r with a number of mp3 in folder in , it play it as if it be a CD , one track after another with no screen display . this mean it be great if you have a lot of song and just want to play they one after another , but not good if you want to be able to select song arbitrarily .  I be also disappoint by the lack of video in jack on the unit . instead , the system require that you route all video directly to the tv , and then use the audio out jack on the tv to feed to the dvd\/home theater . this get pretty complicate in my situation . -lrb- tv , VCR , Cassette Deck , Digital Cable Box , and the ht70 . -rrb- basically the only way I could make it work use the s-video port on the tv for the dvd player , and use the rca video port for the VCR , which unfortunately require use a menu on the tv to switch between the input . would be simpler if my tv have more aux video port , but it would be nicer if the home theater unit could act as a central hub for all other component .  -lrb- be also frustrate by the fact that I now have three remote that all claim to be `` universal , '' yet be find no matter how much twiddle I do with they , I still need all three to actually manipulate the entertainment system ! but Panasonic only get 1\/3 of the blame on that one . -rrb-  overall , I think the unit be probably a pretty good bet if you want a simple box that be competent at many thing . but if you be look for fancy feature , this may not be the best choice .  - David Dwiggins
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I never expect panasonic product to work just for 2 year . it break down exactly in 2 year . the main carousel changer start malfunction . the dvd player use to get stick ... overall ... bad product ... bad investment , ... Dont buy it !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the Vizio 5.1 surround Sound Home Theater with Wireless Subwoofer be fantastic ! Amazon ship within 5 day . set up take less than a hour , and I take my time to redo my entertainment center at the same time . turn it on , and begin hear sound I have never hear before . make everything sound like you be at the movie . the subwoofer be amazing . you can feel the room vibrate . Wireless be synce at the factory and the system connected instantly . no problem at all with lead indicator . I be go back and watch old movie just to hear they . do not wait . you 'll be miss so much ! this be a great deal on the only wireless home theater sysem to date . a + so , 2 month later and the system continue to work flawlessly . this be one of the best purchase I have ever make .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound quality be what I need for my situation . however the base be to much for I and I can not find a way to turn it down , I have it all the way down in the setting and no change . speaker be good , easy to install would be perfect if i could turn the base down .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Easy to set up ... use in my home office . . so in small room ... but very satisfied with the sound !!!!! price be even better !!!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	be a former studio engineer , I become so disenchanted listen to the audio through my tv that I finally `` break down '' and decide to purchase a home theater system . after read the review , I decide on the Koss c220 .  initially , I be very impressed with the ease of setup , especially with the `` Quick Start '' manual -lrb- how many guy like to read direction anyway ?!?! -rrb- . within about 30 minute I have the system ready to go with the film `` Gettysburg '' in the tray . and I must say that the sound be superb ! however , the picture quality be not that great . so after diagnose the problem with a few friend , it turn out that I need a rf modulator ... use this , I be able to use the s-video out which produce a more crisp picture and separate some of the interference I be see on my tv .  one more thing : you 'll need to tweak the volume setting on the speaker . you can do this through a cool menu system you view on the tv . I find that I have to set the volume to around 10db on the surround speaker , 6 on the left\/right , 8 on the center and 6 on the sub . but you will need to configure for you room .  all in all , a great starter system at a great price ! Cheers !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the product quality be exemplary although complicated to set up and the instruction not easy
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have never have anything but the audio come from the stereo speaker on my tv , and I be blow away the first time I hear this system . I buy this system brand new off of eBay for $ 250 total in late February 2004 and have be completely satisfied since .  i like to relax in my room now and crank that sub all the way up untill my window rattle and the picture on the wall shake . it do take I a couple hour to get set-up becuase I go crazy in get everything just perfect in the setting . this system can get as loud as you would want for a small to medium size room . one of the main reason I get this be for pro Logic II decode on my Gamecube game , and wow it be awesome to hear on game that support it . but the real treat come when watch dvd in Digital or DTS . for the first time I experience true surround in my room and it be incredible . I recommend try Saving Private Ryan dvd in the first beach-landing scene with the bass crank all the way up to feel the explosion .  the receiver be pretty straight-forward and easy to use if you read the manual first . some of the setting do not change the overall sound that much . I use different mode when I be listen to sound from different equipment ...  Audio CDs - Dolby pro Logic II MUS mode dvd 's - cstex b movie mode Gamecube\/Radio - Dolby pro Logic II MOV mode  overall a excellent budget system -lrb- a Sony too ! -rrb- . I recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after less than 40 hour of use , the sd-43ht freeze with the `` HELLO PROTECTION GOODBYE '' message on the display . I be really disappoint by the quality of Toshiba product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this theater system for a year and have work perfectly . LG make top quality product . I have this paired with a LG hdtv . be easy to install and have well design remote .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after own this system for a few month , I can say for sure this be a wonderfull home Theatre System . the purpose for which it be intend be for Home Theatre specifically -lrb- movie -rrb- , and not for Home Audio . never the less , it be quite nice for music application , depend upon the recording , as it be a digital system . with older recording , and those not surround enable , the bass may be quite inaccurate , sometimes almost non existant . it be a tremendous help if the recording be surround enable , even when in stero mode . I recently have a chance to audition the highly tout ht-s760 . that system have larger woofer cone on the front speaker , and do have more bass kick , but the speaker cabinet be of a much lower quality . thinner , lighter , more resonant , produce a tone less dense and detailed than the ht-s670 , so the tradeoff be not worth it . the ht-s770 have the larger 5.25 '' woofer on the front , but I have not hear it , and it be more expensive . the best solution be of course to add good floor standing speaker to the alternate b speaker set on the receiver . that be why there be a alternate b setting . because this be not specifically a audio system . this be why I feel some of the more critical review of this system be a little disingenuous . for it be intended purpose , it be tremendous , and can be easily add to for better , more accurate audio reproduction without a large cost . this I feel would be necessary even if you purchase the ht-s770 , from what I have hear from owner . the subwoofer stand in a pedestal configuration on both system , with the LFE bass be pump down to the bottom platform for dispersion . the effect with movie if unbelievable . rolling thunder so real you 'll look outside . explosin , shudder , suspense build , incredible . it be not mean to kick and punch as with audio application . if you add speaker , make sure the sub be not active on the b setting . I have not add yet , but if it remain active , just shut it off . I assure you , audio will sound better and more accurate without it . to summerize , this be a great buy for around $ 300 . I pay exactly $ 337 ship from 6th ave , and they have superb sustomer service . much better than Onkyo itself . I know , I talk to both of they . almost all the 6th ave guy be record engineer in trade , and musician . they answer pile of question I have kindly , in steep contrast to the tone and attitude I receive from onkyo level 1 support people . that be as far as I have the patience to go after the initial rigamarol , so I can not speak for there higher level support . they 'll also beat any online price . additionally , I would not worry to much about the debate of 5.1 as oppose to 6.1 surround . the sat be up high so that the ear will be fool , and will not be able to pinpoint the exact location of sound withe the cross soundfield . this be also true with 6.1 , and my feeling be the difference be not so signifigant unless you be spend a lot of money on a thx certify system . at this price range , it be just not a big deal . one final additional note . if you be look for a dvd\/cd player for this or any other system , I would highly recommend the Philips dvp642 . I spend many hour research player . there be a site title dvd player compatability list . it have just about every player ever make , past and present , with worldwide product review and comment . I look at just about everything ever make , no kidding . literally thousand of make and model from over the last two decade , and of all highly rate and currently available , this be the one . 8.4 out of 10 rating out of 250 review wordwide . extremely high , as almost no product reach a 9 rating , particularly with so many review . I just buy 2 more as Christmass present , in addition to the one I own . I spend $ 64 per unit with shipping . Plays more format than any player on the market , include Divx . component , s Video , composite video out with progressive scan . Digital Coaxial , toslink fiber optic and analog audio out . Super slim . weigh almost nothing and can fit anywhere . my older tv only have composite input , and the picture be beautifull . one owner comment that Component Video with progressive scan cause he some problem with picture artifact , so he keep it in interlace mode , but he still give it a high rating give it be cost , and a high picture quality rating as well . I can not comment on this , because I do not have the component option at this time . give the cost , it be a hell of a deal either way . also , I have hear it have be upgrade several time since the date of that gentleman purchase , and can be bio upgrade easily at home , though I would never do that myself . I be just not that savy . I be a techno moron , but maybe you be savy like that . this player be make to be easily set to region free so you can buy dvd 's for it anywhere in the world if you do a lot of travel . I do not , but maybe you do . if you be wonder what would be a good match , trust I . get it . there be a bunch of site that carry it . I have buy from 2 different site . both be good , but shippment go in and out fast , so you might have to try a couple to see if it be currently in like I do . again , hope this help you . Ge
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	we install the system 3 week ago . the rear wireless speaker work well and be the main reason we purchase this product over other - the design of we family room do not allow wire to cross it . the system also have lot of input and output -- we want to be able to add a VCR for we kid ' video and be able to hook on a external video camera . both connect well . during set-up , however , some more detailed direction that explain the various connection would be helpful . we want to use we own 5 disc dvd\/cd player instead of the single dvd player that come with the system and install this be not as simple as we have hope . get this to work require a couple of trip to Radio Shack and about $ 45 in additional cable . hook up all of the other component , however , be straightforward . overall , we be very pleased with the product . those who purchase the system and stick to the piece they give you will probably be even more pleased .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well the old say go , ya get what ya pay for but if I be rca I would be embarrass to etch my name on this one . this thing pretty much suck . the worst part be the remote control . I be not sure why they even put one in the box as it be completely ineffective except maybe as a weapon to throw at the dog . if it be up to I we should all box they up and ship they back to China so it could drive they user crazy !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... the sound be great on cd and dvd , highly recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	... overall , I be very impress by the quality and value of this product . the system provide plenty of power for anyone with a small to mid-size room , and the clarity be better than one might expect from small home theater in a box speaker .  the heart of the system be a 500 watt receiver build by Marantz -lrb- although sell under the Philips brand name -rrb- . the receiver have all the bell and whistle one would associate with any upper-end receiver . it have a wide array of input , and feature interactive menu that allow you to enter distance between speaker to properly adjust the volume level between the speaker component . all buyer should be aware however that this system do not decode DTS . you can only get Dolby Digital out of this machine . in my humble opinion though , it be virtually impossible to tell the two format apart unless you be use high-end equipment .  the only realy drawback I see be that the reciever only have one digital optical input . if you be like I and have a dvd player and digital cable , that create a dilemna . it do have two coaxial digital input , but I personally do not like coax input as well as digital optical .  the speaker be far better than those include with similar system by other manufacturer . the three array design of the center channel speaker be a nice touch and the front and surround channel be well compliment by the 100 watt subwoofer . when you turn it up , this system can really kick .  if you want solid quality at a low price , this system be for you . it provide plenty of power for the average user and will add a whole new world to you home theater experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have no trouble install the system in my house . we put in a movie and it work right off the bat . so far we have nothing but good thing to say about this system . we be very pleased with it be performance .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a perfect dvd system for my apartment ! I get this OPPO dvd system just recently and absolutely love it . my girlfriend and I have a great time watch `` Lord of the ring : the return of the King '' so much that she be go to order one for herself as well . why do I love this system so much ? it play pretty much all disc and format - divx\/xvix , hdcd , SVCD , CD , mp3 , dvd  R\/RW , CD-R\/RW , Kodak Picture CD . now I can play the disc send to I by my friend in Russia , France and China and the movie and mp3 file download from the internet . Picture quality be superb - better than my parent 's dvd player . the progressive scan video output generate extremely clean picture , with no flicking nor articraft . I be ecstatic with my purchase . if you be look for a great system , this have get to be it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I really like this sound bar . the rear speaker be wire to the sub and the sub be wirelessly connect to the sound bar . I have the same problem with the LED 's after 1 day . a call to Vizio support fix the problem . just disconnect power to the sound bar and press the power button on the sound bar for 1 minute . then reconnect the power and the LED 's work again . if it be not for this I would have rate it 5 star . also it be $ 50 less at Walmart . com . sound be not audiophile quality but close enough to impress . Works better on movie than music and eliminate run wire all around you room . definitely worth the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this system base on previous review for a client who be look for something a little more than just a vanilla setup . I like the idea of ARC technology which allow both the Sony Bravia tv and the bdv-f7 to simplify the control of the system through the `` HDMI Control '' feature . once the system be hook up it seem to work well , however as I be train the client , I notice the input on the bdv-f7 would not switch properly when the client change the input on she tv . the issue get worse and finally stop work altogether . I be currently work with tech support to determine a solution . in addition to the switching issue , the client also complain that the sound be muddy and muted sound . sound be virtually inaudible at the mid volume mark and push the volume close to max result in a awful blaring effect . I have my own a\/v business for three year and be quite capable with troubleshoot issue like these but I simply could not improve the sound . the sound quality be simply unacceptable . ultimately these problem would have severely damage my reputation have I not insist on place customer service above all else and be completely honest with the client . I have spend far too long work on this job . chalk it up to my fault for not return the item at the first sign of any issue . I be 100 % disappoint by this product . it be now up to Sony 's customer service to pull a rabbit out of its hat . something which likely will not happen give the widespread lack of customer service most company exhibit these day . my advice to you potential buyer be : go ahead and purchase the unit . if you see a problem right off the bat , return the item . Crutchfield -lrb- which be where the item be originally purchase -rrb- should not , in any way , be to blame for the poor review of this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be happy with this home theater system . it play all the latest media type file . sound quality be excellent . ca not complain .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : good sound reproduction . number of digital connection -lrb- 2 Optical , 1 coaxial -rrb- . styling . con : limited remote functionality . -lrb- to store radio station information , the remote can not be use . Eventhough the button be lay out and mark with the same information -rrb- . Digital connection be much better than analog one . if you have a hdtv receiver and a dvd player , then use the Digital connection as they use 5.1 digital sound . many other htib with dvd player do not have Digital input .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	amazing clarity of sound for a incredibly low price . Great for smaller room . unpowered subwoofer but good rich bass overall . progressive scan dvd player be great . I pay $ 199 for it with free shipping ; delivery be prompt . no regret .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	great system , and even better price . have it a year now and work excellently ; once you learn which equalizer configuration be best for dvd\/music , etc. bass could be a little more pronounced ... but great power !! all in all , a excellent system
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this unit have pretty good sound when play dvd use the build in dvd player . I even test the crossover point -lrb- ? -rrb- from the speaker to the subwoofer and I could not distinguish where the crossover point be which mean everything seem well balanced . the moment I switch to any other mode though other than the build in dvd player -lrb- radio , video1 and video2 -rrb- , I get a lot of hiss from the center and rear channel and the only way to mask out the hiss be to crank the volume way up so that the sound from the front speaker be louder than the hiss . I think I have a defective unit so I return it and get a new one and I still get the same problem .  another annoying thing about this system be that the unit itself click -lrb- not though the speaker -rrb- everytime it change track either from a dvd or audio cd . I can live with the click , but the hiss be just too much .  I be go to return my unit and get a different and quality brand , probably a kenwood or something .  I would not recommend this to anyone until classic find a way to get rid of the hiss , otherwise , this would have be a perfect unit for as I be not a audiophile .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	it take I several hour to figure out that the back speaker wire -lrb- and associate plug -rrb- be not attach to the plastic casing that cover the connection port on the speaker . the wire be loose through a hole in that plastic cover\/housing . Vizio could have mention this configuration in the manual , with some sort of easy picture ... but NO. . I think there be some other issue with the unit that I keep try to diagnose . plus , I keep see review and complaint about how the back speaker do not work for some folk . finally , before call they support line -lrb- which I be scare to do -rrb- , I try one last time and luck out to find this configuration . what you need to do be pull some of the wire through the plastic cover\/casing . then , connect the wire\/plug to the back speaker connection , make certain that the plug be secure\/firmly in the outlet . finally , move the plastic cover along the wire and attach the cover to the back of the speaker . TA DA ! it work . it be so stupid and I be so angry for they not be any specific advice about this anywhere -lrb- even on the internet -rrb- . the only thing the manual mention be : the wire to the back speaker may come loose in transport and may need to be reattach . however , the manual do not tell you , specifically , how to reattach that wire . I hope this help those who be have fit , like I do . beyond that , this piece seem to be a pretty good solution and sound pretty good , or at least good enough for my sister : - -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I go shopping for a decent dvd player expect to pay up to $ 200 . I be surprise to discover a entire home cinema system available for less . it be easy to assemble but more importantly , the sound option come out of this system kick butt . I enjoy a wide range of musical creativity -lrb- sneeker pimp to Bach -rrb- as well as dvd diversion . this system step up to the job . I just hope it last .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this system for almost 3 week now and it be amazing ! no lead problem at all . the sound be 10\/10 !!! no issue with wireless sub either . Works awesome for my bedroom . for $ 300 and free shipping you can not beat this deal !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase to go with my Toshiba 42 hd projection tv . sure its not a $ 1,000 system but it work fine and have excellent audio and video output . sound as good as my $ 500 Sony setup that I have upstairs . no problem ... would recommend -lrb- and I have -rrb- for someone else to purchase . B.G. 12-26-04 now after 11 month , I get the dreaded protection error good bye display . look like a hassle with Toshiba come up , please do not purchase . if they do not give I a problem -lrb- surprise -rrb- ... I 'll be back to update ... finally get it repair . they replace bad capacitor c27 ... work fine for about 60 day now May 5 , 2005 , same old protection error -- good bye -- I wish I could give negative 5 Stars !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	look ... 1 . I do need a good quality home Theater 2 . Dolby Digital , 5.1 ch 3 . for a little room -lrb- 5 meter square -rrb- 4 . low price -lrb- if you compare about the dvd+amplifier+speaker -rrb- 5 . VCD function to play my home video -lrb- burn in a pc -rrb- 6 . strong volume but not enough to have problem with the neighborhood -lrb- and my wife -rrb- 7 . with a in-plug for the VCR .  then I compare the price for a home Theater like Sony 875 with multus IN\/OUT 's , speaker system with 500w or more ... but it be near four time more expensive ... then I return to the list above and finally my taste and my wallet be satisfy . the davs500 be excellent for a little room and for a dvd\/vcr system ... that be all ... if you want to play music you be wrong with this equipment . the sound for a dvd be a Sony sound . . clear and perfect , but if you wanna play cdmusic you will understand that Sony doen ' t want you have a sound-video system in one , it look like the system switch the sound quality if you play a dvd or a cd ... Wanna play music ?? , buy a sound system Wanna play a dvd movie ??? ... it be perfect with this machine .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this home theater system base on good review on CNET , and the fact that it would be pair with a Sony lcd tv -lrb- which be also faulty-another story -rrb- . BIG MISTAKE ! the sound be not a big improvement over the tv speaker , would not read any dvd -lrb- keep say no disc -rrb- , no radio reception , hard to control with cable remote , and when I would get disgusted enough to get rid of it , could not even use the darn speaker elsewhere because of proprietary connector . the Sony `` customer service '' person , in goodness know what country , be of no help , and want my credit card number to initiate a repair order , since the product be a couple of month out of warranty . no way be I give they another cent of my money or another minute of my time . somebody kick in the rear if I ever look at another Sony product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy the Visio 55 '' tv so instead of torture myself into overthink what be the best complimentary sound system I buy this one . it set up in a snap and I love it because it be wireless -lrb- kind of -rrb- . no wire be need to connect the subwoofer and sound bar . there be wire from the satellite to the subwoofer and from the Sound Bar to the tv but no big deal . the sound be great . I can hear dialogue without have to get subtitle . it be simple and efficient for someone who want good sound but do not want to spend more than 1\/2 the price of the tv on speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be use my mx6000 for a while now - pro great sound good look everything work pc link be work well Internet content interesting Photo slide show on tv be great ! my . philip be interesting Cons DivX Streaming should handle above 1.2 MBPS Manual be not so good have to turn on the Component out on via the menu - last review guy do not figure that out - it be in the manual - get to read all in all I would buy again
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase the MartinLogan mlt-2 system at a Amazon cyber deal 6 month ago for 399.99 . the speaker be connect to a Onkyo ht-rc260 receiver , so the home theater setup cost I $ 720 . overall , I be very pleased with the sound quality of the speaker . I be ecstatic about the price . for bookshelf speaker , the sound be bright and crisp , with house rattle bass -lrb- if you want it -rrb- . however , the journey to this level of satisfaction be not without its turn and twist . when I receive the speaker , they be well packed and undamaged and easy to hookup , use 14ga speaker wire . they be be use in a large room -lrb- 20x45 -rrb- and they provide clean , room fill sound . there be a problem with the subwoofer . when in auto-mode , the subwoofer would automatically detect if a signal be be send and turn on\/off automatically . -lrb- someone with a integrated system would not need the sensor since the whole system would power on and off together . -rrb- the mlt-2 auto-function would cycle on\/off continuously , sometimes two or three time every half hour . when the subwoofer power off , it would make a big boom . I complain to customer service and they send out a second subwoofer immediately . I test they side by side and the subwoofer cycle on\/off in a similar manner , each time with a annoying boom . I continue my complaint and they send out a third unit ! now I have three subwoofer and I test they use different cable and different output on the receiver -lrb- the Onkyo have three dedicated subwoofer output -rrb- . all three unit behave almost identically , switching on and off within minute - sometimes seconds of each other . even after use the Onkyo speaker balancing program , the on\/off cycling continue - although to a much lesser extent . I finally increase the subwoofer gain manually to the maximum +10 db and the cyclig pretty much disappear . so I pack up the two replacement and send they back to MartinLogan . another reviewer in this section complain about receive defective speaker - the two replacement subwoofer that have be send to I be both damage , presumably by UPS . the first one have two corner crushed and one of the metal fin on the back heat appliance bent . the other have slight cabinet damage along a edge and corner . I be lucky with the original shipment , because everything be undamaged . I be able to mitigate the problem with the auto-function , by tweaking the amplifier . it be not perfect . sometimes the subwoofer cycle on\/off during a movie , which be annoying , but now it tend to be rare . if it be to become a problem , I would not use the auto function and remember to power the subwoofer on\/off manually . I might blame MartinLogan for this , but after read about the auto function , it seem that many manufacturer have this problem . for the price and sound quality , as well as the responsiveness of customer service though , I rate the MartinLogan mlt-2 5 star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	good value for a wireless rear speaker system . have good sounnd . only problem be a hum when the system sound pause from the center speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I like this system for the money , but the passive woofer be as describe `` passive '' . I add a Sony active subwoofer and now this system kick . the active sub cost I as much as the whole home theater system , but it be worth it . I use the system to watch tv , movie , and listen to music . the receiver and speaker be `` good '' for the price . I debate on return the system because the bass I want be not consistant . but add the active sub enable I to get the sound I want and my total cost be less than $ 400.00 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the default password mention in the instruction book which come with this product give the INCORRECT code of 2001 . the CORRECT , permanent , hard-coded , will-always-work password be 3308 . the problem be that the default for the parental lock be ON . and there be many movie you can not watch without unlock the parental lock . then , when you look up how to turn it off in the instruction , the wrong code be give . after call tech support I learn that this be a mistake in the instruction and that the correct default code be 3308 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be incredibly powerful , I buy this for my small bedroom entertainment system . I put in Pearl Harbor and the action sceen be way better than be in any theater . sure there be probably better system out there but this system be powerful and it be at a great price . there be absolutely no distortion or ststic in the radio or dvd . I would highly recomend this system for someone that be look for a powerful system at a great price !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	extremely please with the performance of the Polk CS175i center channel speaker . very crisp , clean , full sound and a great bargain .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I need to know which wall mount bracket will I need for the speaker of this system or for the DX-170 System
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	good overall player with 1 limitation . . this be my second or third one of these . . if you know you will probably be buy a ` real ' home theater system in a year . . or , if you have find a really good deal on it . . then go ahead and grab it . . BUT . . do keep in mind . . it will probably only last you about a year before the dvd part of it wear out . .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have two of these dvd player break down in the span of 6 month . the first system eat we dvd . one get stick in the changer and it cost quite a bit to get it fix . then it break down altogether , and would not read any disc . we get a replacement because it be under warranty . the second unit have the front panel break off . still work okay for a few week , but then the dvd start skip and freezing . the audio and video be not in sync . the dvd tray would no longer open . send it in to the mfr at my expense and be tell it could not be fix . do not waste you time and money on this system !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Este teatro en casa proporciona muy buenas caracteristicas de sonido . Muy buen bajo . La configuracion e muy simple . El recibidor e un poco grande para mi gusto . Las entrada hdmus reproduccion el sonido con una calidad muy al incluso el sonido 3d . Para mi gusto e una de las mejores compras . .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	we have a small entertainment center and have be use a older stereo system to boost up the volume for we flat screen because it be pretty quiet like most tv that style . we want some more bass , but nothing over the top . after hook this up , the sound be ok . the extra bass be nice , and during louder part it sound great , but do not do well with dialogue\/quieter part . it be basically just a step up from the stereo system we have go before . it do not have a AUX input either , which be kind of annoying .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the Samsung ht-c6600 be a great product for the price that I get it for . some review give it a low rating because of the sound . I think that the sound sound great and that that it be clear and crisp enough for I . I be not a audio file so it could be just ok for some . I think that it be a great start if you do not have a system now . one issue that I do have be connect it to my exist Linksys 54GWRT Wireless Router for Steaming Internet and Computer file . I have recently purchase a new Wireless Router because my Linksys be go on 4 year . hopefully , that will fix the issue . good buy and I would recommend it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a amazing setup for home theater system . this system have the full packadge , power , calrity sound and pic , style and the price . I be highly impress with this product and the feature be be very exstinsive you have alot of option . im be a very picky buyer and want the most for my buck , so check it out . in one word DIVINE
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase it at best buy and be real happy with look and price . Easy set up . rent 5 dvd 's and it lock up on everyone of they , picture freeze for a few seconds , then would play . very annoying .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase the upgrade model that include a philip dvd -lrb- separate unit -rrb- , all other equipment be the same . the power and quality be spectacular . the number of input allow I to connect all my equipment to and be control by this one receiver . it have all the type of input I need , such as fiber optical and multiple s-video connection .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	when it work , the picture be very crisp but it frequently flicker and I loose the picture while maintain the sound . this have be happen since one month after I purchase this product . I have try use a lens cleaner and this do not solve the problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	its a very good system for those who be bother with home theater wiring -lrb- and want to avoid spending on wireless speaker -rrb- . however its not a real surround system and neither do they promise it to be .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	not much to say except that I love this thing . it have great sound and be a perfect fit for a bedroom .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	order on amazon.com , for way less than anywhere else i could find it . same price at local `` best buy '' as the model below , the fc7 .  for I , im not a expert , the sound be great , i have a bose system before this and it sound way better that that .  install easily but 3 minor grumble . 1 . the surround sound cable be not long enough have to go buy some more . 2 . Doesnt come with Wall mount for the surround sound , why ?! seem like most people have surround speaker in the ceiling or on the wall . 3 . cant connect my Dish Receiver video out through the same video out as the dvd , so i have to switch both the tv and the receiver . no idea why , just wil live with it .  anyway i like sony product be now look for a plasma screen to go with it ! happy listening
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have just buy a Panasonic sc-ht900 to replace a rather messy collection of age seperate . I be a major Sony fan and of course audion a few of the Sony option first but could never quite get excite about they then the Panasonic be recommend to I so I give it a go . it beat the Sony 's hand down -lrb- I be sad to say ! -rrb- . now , to get this out the way , unlike many of the review I have read , I have so say that the Panasonic unit be pig ugly . especially compare to some of the Sony unit but then I 'll live with it be rather date and clutter apearance for it be superb picture and sound . I dont understand how some people consider it underpowered unless they have very large room but in my 12 ` x20 ' room , the Panasonic have no trouble at all in fill the space with detail and a deep , warm , well control bass . I would not score it highly on ease of use initially but you get use to it . the 4 floorstanding speaker be attractive and seem to do they job admirally . the inclusion of DTS be a big plus for I but I would never compare dt with dd5 .1 before . only 2 of my dvd have dt but flick between DTS and DD show a clear difference . add also that apart from SACD , I dont think there be a shiny disc format it wont handle .  the system be a breeze to set up and delighted I straight away . for the money , this truly be superb .  I think the build quality could be better on the main unit . it feel a little flimsy so I will be especially gentle to it .  bottom line , despite the negative point , I be delighted that I didnt buy the Sony . it would have be a choice of fashion over function and I have a better system for choose the Panasonic . maybe I 'll get use to the look . who know . love be blind .  and just 1 final complaint to the manufacturer about all of the system I look at . why do none of they have optical out ? I will have to keep my CD player just to copy stuff on to my MiniDisc walkman !  so , why 4 star and not 5 ? well , not attractive , unclear manual , feel a bit poorly build . but I 'll forgive a whole lot for what it do do well . Picture and sound be just great . I be grin for age .  buy now and you wont be dissapoint . especially at the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I see a lot of negative review for this item ... I have have it for 1 month now and I have no issue . love the sound quality . this be a must buy good job vizio . also no lead issue .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	if anyone know how to connect a pc to this receiver , then let I know ... there be only 2 input -lrb- one analog -rrb- and one supposedly digital , but the digital optical imput will not connect into my pc spdif for sound , so I can not run sound from a pc through the receiver . what be worse be that the speaker be all run off the power subwooffer , so it only will support this receiver ... really upset with this purchase consider they never provide a upgrade patch ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this piece as `` use & New '' for $ $ ... I be expect a system with some miss or damage component . but I feel it be a good deal even if the Player be work . so go ahead and buy this system . this be ship earlier than expect . when I open the box to my surprise the box be packet perfectly with all the item brand new . open it and assemble it within 10 minute . it be very easy as wire and socket be color code . the sound be great , just like watch a movie in a theater . the inbuilt onscreen mp3 player resemble Winamp and be great .  totally the system can match any high end Hometheatre system . do not think twice look at the cheap price . its a excellent piece and you 'll really be happy after buy it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	bose product be usually expensive and some people argue that they can get a better system at maybe half the price . now it depend on various parameter on what they evaluation be base on . for I , any music system be good which give you the utmost pleasure in listen . this bose product come with 5 pair of Jewel cube speaker which be a little different then the regular speaker taht bose offer with they speaker system . they give you more clarity of sound - you can almost hear the finger strum on the guitar string , the breathing of a singer and complete surround sound where it be available . you can easily find the difference when you play the bose and another music system side by side and listen to the same music piece . the set up be extremely simple . so if you hate tangle with wire and push in knob and button for that perfect sound , then this system be for you . but if you be into graphic equalizer , and be addict to lot of port and want a receiver which will be the control center of you home Theatre then this be not the system for you . the bose system do allow you to connect you tv , dvd player and VCR through the system but that be about it . you will not find any additional port in the system . so for that price , I think you will not regret anything about this system - the most impressive of all be the size of the speaker and the range of sound that emit from they . I be sure you be gonna love they .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the worst piece of equipment I believe I have ever purchase . I have it maybe 8 month and it begin to freeze . at 9 month the VCR go out . now nothing work I would stay away from this product , I think Magnavox will put they name on anything .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	overall I be very pleased with the Panasonic sc-ht640w 5 dvd home Theater System . it sound great and be a great value for its price . it be extremely convenient not to have wire to the rear speaker . I do wish the rear volume be a bit louder , but again a minor problem for I . for those who have a wireless router -lrb- computer signal -rrb- you will likely get interference from the Panasonic Home Theater System . I do not have the spec on the home theater system , but it must also run on wireless Channel 6 , which be the same default signal for my wireless router . if this be you problem -lrb- drop wireless signal on computer -rrb- , you will need to reconfigure you wireless router to another channel . usually a wireless router have channel 1-11 . I set mine to channel 1 and now both system work fine .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	go to any electronics store and you 'll hear they say , `` do not buy Koss '' . while some review site that one person think be `` the authority '' say it be quality , review site do not use the product beyond a initial test . I have own mine for three month , and originally , I think I get quite a steal . now the thing be dead , nothing more than awkward paperweight .  whatever you do , do yourself a favor , save up a extra month or two and buy a quality sound system . do some research even beyond this site and you will find that Koss be a huge waste of you money .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this product be great ! I would call it a `` passive surround sound system '' since it be perfect for background sound -lrb- while read a book or have a chat -rrb- that will not annoy you due to too much subwoofer power . it be not recommend as a audio system for dance party since it be really design for tv surround sound and background music only . the subwoofer be not that intensive but very pleasant since it do not shake up you furniture . you can leave the system on even when you be watch news channel without get annoy by too much and intensive sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the speaker all sound very clean , especialy the sub . overall this system pack a very impressive punch . the tradeoff for the quality speaker be that the reciever do NOT play cd or dvd 's . it would also be nice if the system come with a a\/v cable or 2 , but it do come with speaker wire . all that be say the reason you be read this be because you want to look for a sound system , and for the money you can not find one better than this .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	arm with a budget of under 500 , my choice be a Onkyo ht-s760 and this Panasonic ht900 . I choose this one over the Onkyo coz it have a 5 disc dvd player \/ tallboy satellite -lrb- speaker which need no stand -rrb- and this one look really neat . Onkyo be suppose to sound better , and its much heavier and bulky . but after listen to both system , I decide this be very good by itself . this system sound excellent , look great and be very reasonably price . the remote be a tricky beast -lrb- it have shift-key ! -rrb- . the system be very easy to setup and I get it up and run in no time . I wish the bass would boom heavier - but to be fair , I havent really push it hard since I live in a apartment complex & didnt want to share my music with unwilling neighbor LOL . I be amaze at the Dolby ProLogic II - as it seem to extract full surround from VHS cassette . this be my first HT , and it have change the way I see ! : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after save for we dream dvd home Theater we buy the KLH 7000h from BestBuy TM . the machine just freeze up and could not even be use to control the other auxiliary input like cable tv or vcr .  occasionaly prior to the complete failure the sound would crackle .  what make this dvd home Theater a nightmare be that neither the toll free number nor the email address include or the internet at large have be able to connect we to the manufacturer to resolve the problem .  for near $ 200 I do not expect the best of product , but I expect to get more than 11 month of service from the thing .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this for a second tv in a bedroom . I have a higher-end built-in surround sound system include a Yamaha receiver in my living room . that live room receiver have `` pass-through standby '' or standby pass-through , which be to say that , when the receiver be not on , the tv speaker still produce sound , e.g. , if you want to listen quietly at night . this unit , however , do not have that feature and to compound that issue , it also automatically shut itself off after 24 hour of no user input -lrb- e.g. , volume change or be turn on -rrb- . so when it shut off , there be no tv sound and the way I have it set up , no picture either . and I never want to turn this off - I want it always on standby -lrb- it do not get hot , so no reason I know of not to do this -rrb- , but that do not work . so now I have to manually turn this on and off when use the tv . it work , and the sound be fine , but not the setup I have envision . unless I miss it , I do not see any info . about this on the Amazon info or Yamaha supply info on the product info . page . at first , I think this be someone else turn it off in my house , or a defect , but eventually , I be tell by second-level support that it be work as design . -lrb- this info . be not mention in the product user manual , either . -rrb- so just be aware of this , if you be plan to use the unit like I be .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we have be want to get a home theater audio system for some time so when we anniversary come around , we decide it be the perfect time to purchase one . I go online and do extensive research on different home theater option . we opt for a htib due to its cost and ease of installation\/use . since we already own both a dvd\/vcr combo unit as well as a dvd recorder , we do not want to purchase a htib with a include dvd player and in essesce , pay for another dvd . we narrow it down to the Sony ht-ddw760 and the Panasonic scht-05 . they be both good choice for a htib without a include dvd player . while the Sony ht-ddw760 have more input that its little brother ht-ddw660 , it still only have two digital input which have we lean towards the Panasonic . we go down to we local electronics store to listen to they . unfortunately , they only have the Panasonic hook up but it be enough to convince we . we purchase a scht-05 that evening . the setup be relatively simple . all of the speaker wire go into the subwoofer and out into the satellite . Panasonic set up many of they home theater system this way with the sub contain the amp for the whole system . then , there be a single proprietary cable that connect the slim silver receiver to the sub . several people recommend that you spend money to upgrade the speaker wire . we have some 14ga stranded speaker wire that we want to use . however , the connection slot for the speaker wire prove to small to use the 14ga . be aware of this if you want to use heavier wire than what be supply . we end up use the wire provide with the system . the three digital input be a huge draw for we to get this system and we have not be disappoint . there be two optical and one digital coaxial . we have purchase cable on eBay and it make hook up we a\/v component a breeze . there be also generous rca stereo input as well , if you component do not have digital audio out . we use the three digital input for we digital cable , dvd recorder , and dvd part of we dvd\/vcr combo unit . we then hook up the vcr via the stereo rca . there be four level of subwoofer output . it be very simple to change . while I know there be more powerful sub out there , the one include in this system rumble , shake and vibrate the house capably . also the speaker setup mode make it easy to ensure that the speaker be balance for you room . we have a open concept floorplan which mean that we living room area be quite large . the Panasonic scht-05 can amply fill the space with sound . the Dolby Digital and DTS decode be excellent . we still be shock at time to hear all the sound effect when we watch a dvd . it freak out we poor dog to hear sound come from so many direction . the system add immeasurably to the movie watch experience . you can fine tune the sound setting if need but we do not find it necessary . the Dolby ProLogic II work great . since so many program on cable\/satellite be in stereo , the plius convert two channel sound into surround . it make the system much more usable . in short , you can not go wrong with this system . while it do not have component video switching or similar high end feature , it do a excellent job of what it be design to do . the low cost and easy setup make it a perfect addition to any home that already own a dvd player . we could not be more please with we purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system after both my parent and grandparent buy it for themselves . everyone one love they 's , include myself . this sysetem be very nice since it be a reciver amplifier and dvd player all in one . which cut down on the wire and the annoyance of move seprate component , uh ... when you move . also the amplifier be very powerful which make the passive subwoofer better sound then my previous active subwoofer system . another great feature be the fact that it play both super audio cd and dvd-audio which be amazing for a system of this price . in actuality I have listen to a number of more exspensive system , and I actually think that this system be better then a number of they . if you have any doubt about the system after you buy it just listen to Star Wars episode 2 with it and you decision will be validate .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	just purchase this system so I could have some surround sound for my tv . it look like the best thing in my price range hand have the speaker dimension that I want . the system be a breeze to set up , all the cable be color code so you really can not mess up . I read a number of review say that the cable be a little short for the satellite speaker , but for my situation they be plenty long -lrb- like 3x too long ! -rrb- . so I guess if you have a large room you might want to consider something different as extend these wire would require you to splice you own wire to the exist one . I be excite about the speaker auto calibration but for some reason I think it make the back speaker too quiet , so I have to manually adjust there volume -lrb- pretty simple use the remote -rrb- . sound quality be great and price be great , really happy about the purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have the apex HT-100W Home theater system and it work great ! the people above be complain about surround sound support when the most likely do not set it up correctly . the surround sound output or digital audio out put have to first be enable through a onscreen menu before you hook the device up . if you check the manual it provide easy instruction on how to do so . I have always love apex and use they for all my electronic need , from tv 's to dvd player . I be about to buy another for my bedroom and look at the price of this thing ! I would pay big money for it and think it be a good deal ! buy this product !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the sound be never that good . but I do not have to worry about that since 6 month later it die . Kaput . error f65 . I replace it with a Phillips purchase on sale at BestBuy . the quality & sound be so much better ! Shop around on this one , it be not worth it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the first home theater system that I own . it have excellent sound and work great . its better than a lot of newer one that i have see .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be not sure that it last more than a month . I do not use it much and be so disappointed that not only do I need to get a new dvd player , but I need a new stereo receiver since I replace my receiver when I get this system . I will have to look into that class action lawsuit . save you money do not buy this . the speaker seem pretty good though , so I would like to save they .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	o no warranty ; no address or telephone number in packing material . try 800\/726 -3801 . o 90 day warranty . unit die after 9 month . o work only with remote control supply ; no universal remote code so now I have one more clicker to kepp track of o tiny speaker supply with unit have a tinny sound ; fortunately receiver easily drive my ancient Rectilinears . also on the plus side sound level be separately adjustable on each channel . on the down side , a built-in cross-over network mean you can not eliminate they sub-par power-consuming biamped subwoofer . o if you switch from dvd to tv , dvd revert back to start of disk . a major pain as now you have to sit through a minute plus of start-up material . o you can not remove dvd 's until you switch back to dvd mode , wait a minute for warmup o almost impossible to navigate through mp3 's . o lack a mute button . oh thos enoisy commercial o Number key can not be use to select dvd chapter . o could use extra audio input for tape deck and reel-to-reel . o lack digital input for PlayStation , etc. .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have be very happy with this setup -lrb- for the money -rrb- with the exception of a out of sync issue when change from one digital channel to another on by cable stb . I have to change the channel on my box to one of the channel in the analog spectrum -lrb- 1-78 -rrb- then switch back to the `` digital '' channel to sync the audio and video back up . annoying and frustrating . this be not the fault of my stb because I do not have the problem unless the receiver be in the mix .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	THIS VIZIO SOUNDBAR be very easy to SET up . the SOUND be terrific and I really like the FACT that the speaker be not very NOTICEABLE . the ONLY NEGATIVE I would give the system be the fact that the sub-woofer CAN NOT be turn off with the remote . it be a extra procedure to HAVE to turn the speaker off from the rear each time it be USED .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be not a audiophile , but I have be very skeptical of these small home theter system for many year . they be just so small , especially the speaker , that I could not believe the sound be very good . well , I be wrong . I buy this system because we buy a new television for we bedroom . I have attach some jbl bookshelf speaker to we old set , and they be so nice that I want to use they for the new set , too . well , as I expect , the new tv do not come with external speaker jack anymore , just audio output for amplifier . so , because of the limited space available , I decide to buy one of these system to kill two bird , as it be , by replace the old dvd player with a combination dvd player and Dolby surround-sound amplifier . the set come with 5 micro-speaker , but I use my 2 jbl 's for the front left and right . Easy install . come with mile of speaker wire , so no worry there . right away , the quality of the sound impressed I . good depth , nice separation , and healthy volume . I could probably have do away with the jbl and be just as happy with the micro-speaker , as they be more than adequate . I balance they with the built-in control and be very happy . surround sound be a very different experience from standard stereo , and the 5 channel sound really do enhance movie watch . my only regret be that if I would know how good these small system be , I might have buy one with more power . the maximum volume this system deliver be not go to bowl you over , so if you be look to have the same deafening sound level you find at you local cineplex , move upscale . but I think most people would find this system have more than enough oomph . the subwoofer will do justice to everything from overture to battle scene . I could nit-pick the Zenith dvd player about the clunkiness of the hardware and tiny button on the remote , but overall we be tickle with this little beauty . it make a great add-on to a new tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i wold like to review how this sound i relly would , but , it wold not even turn on ; SO , no usefull review today -lrb- shame on koss -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system from BestBuy for 330 $ and very happy so far . I notice some ppl say they be not able to play vcd but i be able to play they . + I configure the universal remote for my tv and I dont need to use my tv remote any more . + support mp3 with greate sound quality + VHS work perfect to - but i can not find some control I use to have with my old VCR like fintuning or set the picture quality -lrb- I may have to open the mannual or play with the remote more -rrb- + \/ - install be little complicated but I be able to do it without any technical help . - when I play any dvd screen try to balance the brighness aoutmatically -lrb- I be not sure it be by my tv or dvd but it be annoying -rrb- so screen keep change its brightness . - not intrest and funky lcd display or easy to use menu control unless you get use to it . over all I be happy so far
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Desde hace un tiempo deseaba un equipo asi , I encanto , sumamente complacida y llego en un tiempo record , volveria a comprarlo de ser necesario
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I like the upscaling ability from normal dvd 480us to 1080p . but you have to use the hdmus . it doesent give you much of a option to fine tune the sound . it have preset . and they be not of the best quality . the system sound ok . but it have a echo effect if i turn my tv volume up . i guess i should have just buy a sony t.v. well everybody be ` nt able , sony . and my tv volume shouldnt come out the tv before the sound come out the surround sound . you can only sync the sound when you be play dvd 's on this system . it have deep rich bass . but the rear speaker volume cant be adjust separately from the front . matter of fact you cant individually change the volume on any channel like i can do on my cheap surround system from walmart -lrb- $ 40 -rrb- . its a decent piece . but you get what you get when you only pay $ 200 for a sony surround sound system . do you homework . or try to save up a little more cash and get something better .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the panasonic speaker will definitely bring the movie theater effect into you living room . its fun to watch tv with surround sound , immerse yourself in a dvd that actually fill the entire screen of you widescreen hdtv and to play the xbox with surround sound be simply too delicious to describe . after spend a lot of time research home theater , I finally zero in on the Panasonic model . this be my first home theater and I think the panasonic be a excellent model to help I get my foot wet . at this price -lrb- $ 249 -rrb- , it be a amazing buy ! as far as connectivity be concern , the Panasonic be a bit limited . however , a $ 20 4 way stereo a\/v selector from RadioShack will solve all you problem . at the push of a button , it will help you switch between all auxillary input such as you tv\/cable and you xbox . the dvd be the main input and it connect to you tv through the amazing hdmus -lrb- cable not include -rrb- . additional reason why I buy the Panasonic model - ipod connectivity . I need to get a cable to hook this up but it be definitely a big plus . Wireless speaker . again , I do not get the kit . however , its not fun for I to hook up speaker use wire , and I really do not like look at wire . if you be look for a fantastic music system , then this be not the music system for you , but you already know that . and if you do not know that , this system absolutely rock !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have own this product for 14 month and it be have no display for a month and a half . the display just go blank just after the warranty go out -lrb- 12 month -rrb- I buy this system for a nice little sound system for limited use but it be a pig . the remote be a cf with no easy way to get from here to there . get the dvd 's out be a pain too the thing either spit they all out so you can not any but the top one out or you have to guess as to which slot be empty . now it be go to cost I 1\/3 of the purchase price to fix something I barely use . it work but you have to guess as to what the thing be do and with the miserably put together remote ... be just suck ... I replace a cheap Sony unit for this . . bad move ! Zero star
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this product be very easy to set up . it sound great with video game , as well as movie . I have a average size living room , which be 12 \* 15 , but yet I have to buy addiontal speaker cable . also have to pay about $ 100 for mount bracket since they do not come with they . something to consider when try to be cost effective . it just may have make a difference in whether or not I would have still buy this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just like a previous reviewer , R. Adams from Austin , I have have nothing but the very same problem with my Panasonic home theater . it be alarming to hear that he have have the same lack of customer service from Panasonic that I have experience . since day # 1 , I experience major problem with it . after nearly five hour of disassemble my old speaker and put this one together , I begin to test it with a dvd . within minute , the sound shut off altogether . the movie still play , but the volume be nonexistant . I go over everything again ... everything ... and try again . same problem . I have to turn the unit off and then on again , and the volume be back , but it happen repeatedly . it become almost comical ; you buy something like this to upgrade you movie-watching experience , and instead , it turn what little leisure time my family be afford into misery , and I be honesty not exaggerate . I have try contact Panasonic four time regard this issue ; the first time , they tell I to take the entire system apart , make sure none of the wire be fray , and put it back together again . it have take I hour to put the thing together to begin with , and I would already do exactly what they have say to do , but still , I move furniture , trace all the wire to make sure they be fine and unfrayed , and put everything together again . still , nothing . I watch `` Phantom of the Opera '' one night just to see how often the sound cut out ... it take almost four and a half hour to watch the movie , and I have to re-start the theater a mind-blowing 214 time . Panasonic never respond to any of my further inquiry . evidently , the have steal my money and that be good enough for they . I will never buy any Panasonic product again , almost entirely base on he way Panasonic fail to address the problem . I feel rob .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	get 5 star for ease of hook it up . on screen menu be easy . we have it hook up hdmus . from a very basic review , its sound ok . i have the sony htct 500 sound bar on another tv . the sony sound better to I . this one have a tinny sound . ive adjust it many different way . im not upset with the buy at all . but its just ok . decent . sony be better sound to I .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be very disappoint with this speaker system . the lousy speaker on my tv sound much better . I have to turn it off at first , but then experiment a little more . it sound half way decent if you be only listen to music . Kind of like a old garage sale radio . it sound terrible for tv and movie though , which be what I buy it for . the sound be very flat , and even though I turn the rear speaker up all the way , they be barely audible . I would not really suggest this system for anyone , even those on a limited budget like I . you can find a system that sound better in most garbage dumpster .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	System develop a `` pop '' & `` crackling '' sound and would shut itself down . try change cable , clean inside reciever , this do not help . would work for maybe 10 min and POP & Crack and shut itself down . pay almost $ 1000.00 for something I can not use . Onkyo will not return email . extremely bad customer Service !!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	other review be right : it take about 2 year before the dvd player malfunction . Ours do last night , after purchase it in oct 2002 . we be look at significant repair cost . awesome sound be N\/A if you can not enjoy the main function of the unit -lrb- video -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I 'll keep it short . it be small , sound good and look good . hdmus pass through seem to work fine for I . I order a 3d tv , so I 'll wait and see if it pass 3d just fine . although it do say 3d capable on the box . my only complaint be why be my remote in japanese ? I be able to figure out what all the button be because half of they have label in english too , and the other half i just hit and see what they do . all the other documentation and manual be english , guess they just put the wrong remote in the box . oh well I 'll live with it just find it odd .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I get it and send it back . part of it be break in the package . very loose and dont recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just purchase one this weekend . the system overall be really nice . it be easy to setup and the sound be really good . the only problem I have be that it be not as loud as I would have like . I put it in a very large room and the sound get lose with all the space . if you have a large room i would recommend at least a 1000watt system . but even in the large room it sound pretty good . I be not disappoint in my purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I always think Amazon when order anything . not too long ago I order a item and see the same product for $ 20 less in a different Amazon section . Amazon do show what other be buy right now . what they do not share with you be the identical product list in other section sell for less . slick , I think not ? now on to this Sony Sound System . I have it in my cart at $ 199 , and within day it go up to $ 209 , and now it be $ 219 . all within 2 week . of course I just find and buy it for $ 189 with free shipping and no tax from some famous camera place in New York I never hear of . highly rate . I would not order this Sony system here , and also be careful with future Amazon purchase . I love Amazon and will always return , however will now look further before place any order , which be so darn easy and fun . \*\*\* UPDATE \*\*\* the day Amazon publish my comment the price drop to what I pay at B & H. I would have rather remain loyal to Amazon , and I see the return policy at my new vendor be two day , not the hassle free 30 from Amazon . while you need to always shop around , my most recent purchase through Amazon fall through due to price increase while in the Cart . I understand Amazon work with many merchant to bring you excellent value , but they can not afford abandon order at any price . just my opinion !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	it be a good solid home theater speaker setup ! alot better than most home theater in a box setup . a have they pair with the Denon AVR 1912 and I be very pleased .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this just to make my tv sound better , and it sure do ... you can , t beat it for the price , I just add a sub , , , and it sound like I pay ton of money for a home theater system
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a outstanding sound system , once you finally figure how to set it up . the instruction that come with it , be not complete enough , so , unless you be a true techie , you will have problem . recommend get a pro to install . I have to install this three time on three different set in order to figure out how to get it to even turn on . the sound be crisp and beautiful , and you can crank this system to the max with no distortion . it carry well from my living room throughout my bedroom , and you can hear it well on the patio if you really crank it . it be a awesome product , just incredibly difficult to get the system hook up .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	while this player recognize and play back dvd-r and dvd-rw , it would stop and stutter at various play point . very annoying . these same disk play in about five other brand I test without stutter -lrb- Pioneer , Apex , Toshiba ... -rrb-  I get this ... open-box item at a north Seattle best buy , but I still have to take it back -- too bad . the price be very good and the surround sound be pretty good .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just buy this today at target -lrb- 1\/7\/2003 -rrb- . go to return it tomorrow . it promoise a nice all in one but like several of the other poster , something do not work on it . in my case , the VCR . I buy this on a spur of the moment without do any research . Got home , set it up , go to Amazon to see the review , ... wish I have not buy it . it sound good enough , though . and if everything work well , I might have keep it longer . but with the on-line review here and it not work out of the book , I 'll have own it for less than 24 hour . \* sigh \* my recommendation be to NOT buy this product .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I do not know much about sound system and already have 5 speaker set up for surround sound use a Onkyo receiver . I expect to be able to plug everything in to the receiver and have 7.1 surround but that be not the case . if you do not have a receiver , you can plug the two speaker into the subwoofer and the subwoofer into the tv and you better sound than if you just have the tv speaker . however , if you be like I , the jack on the subwoofer can not plug into the port on the receiver . thus , I have 7 speaker for lovely surround sound with not bass . still , speaker look very nice in front of my tv and I have the connect as one long shiny black bar . you also have the option of stand they up on either side of you tv as show in the picture .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have this unit in my bedroom for about a year and I have play everyhe from dvd 's to mp3 's with no hitch . the unit have more than adaquate power to sound thrilling without distortion . my only gripe be the remote have no mute button and the volume up and down inexorably slow to incrementally move . other than that , I be quite pleased , as I can always pause anything that be playing -lrb- include VCD 's -rrb- and come back to it , if I need to answer the phone , etc. . nice layout , design , price , power and play everything flawlessly !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	... actually buy one of these , and you should have see the look on she face when she come over to my house and hear a REAL home theater system ! I feel so sorry for she , I offer to come over to she house and check that all the connection be properly set up . well , I go and see that yes all the speaker cable be correctly put in . in fact , she have go out and use those gazillion dollar monster cable , poor thing -- she be always such a gullible , trust woman . but that be that : there simply be no way around the simple fact that for the outrageous amount she pay for this system , it produce barely mediocre sound . just lot of treble and some exaggerated bass , which would be okay if you only watch bang-bang-wham-bam-kaboom action movie . however , she love musical and drama -- which only expose the total scam that this overhyped and overpriced bose stuff really be . to they credit , bose do however honor they money-back policy which UPS and FedEx probably appreciate greatly .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	after 11 month , the subwoofer no longer work , everything else still work and the rest of the speaker work fine . now I have to try and get it fix , the nearest `` Authorized Service Center '' be 120 mile away . May just have to buy another system and sell the rest of this system on ebay , or buy just a new subwoofer on ebay .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be super excite to give this as a gift for christmas . unfortunately we system sound like angry chipmunk when its turn on ... we have try several change in setting and to no avail . I be overly dissapointed especially after do week of research on several system and finally choose this one . never again ! not to mention that it arrive in a marked box and be deliver to the person whom the gift be for ! shame on you AMAZON !! FYI I purchase all the other compatable cable etc , we tv be a Visio itself and it still sound terrible .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the main unit have a slick , slim design . the speaker be solid look . all the need cable be include , and everything be color code and label . then I turn it on .  First , whenever power be apply , or mode -lrb- disc\/tuner\/aux -rrb- change , a disturbingly loud `` klunk '' noise be make . the unit always power up in disc mode , and will not respond for several seconds while it try to load a disc . setting -lrb- such as volume -rrb- be often lose or different when change between mode . many function be not available in all mode . for example , `` mute '' only work when play a disc . the equalizer only apply to audio cd . and so on .  i find I have to wait one or two seconds after press a button before the unit respond . if I press additional button before the unit be ready , it sometimes do not respond , or do the wrong thing .  sometimes , while change between mode -lrb- e.g. , from radio tuner to aux in -rrb- , the disc tray would eject a inch or so out of the unit , and then stop . this be especially ironic give that the eject button do not function unless you be in disc mode .  audio and video artifact -lrb- pop , click , on-screen flash , etc. -rrb- occur when navigate dvd menu .  worst of all , the unit lock up several time play dvd . the picture would corrupt , then everything would just stop . I have to unplug the unit , and then plug it back in , to get it to respond again . this happen on several different dvd , include a brand-new , just-opened disc .  i return the unit to the store . I be not expect much , but this model fail to meet even basic expectation .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this system have several design flaw . one be the remote control design - intermittent at best . another be the tray design . it misalign itself , and scrape up the disk inside . do not buy this product . Panasonic need to go back to the draw board on this one . this really should have 0 star , but that be not a option . a waste of time here .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I go to Fry 's to shop for a sound bar - the wife didnt want 13 different speaker and all of the wire . fry 's be a good place to compare item but rarely have the best price . after listen to the Boston Acustic , Bose -lrb- which sound better but be not compatable with a lot of system -rrb- Sony , and Panasonics . some have a low end buzz , a couple sound plasticy , some have no bass . the only way the Yamaha system could be better be that if it have a blu-ray player build in - and why cant it ???? my Samsung tv would not conect to the Yamaha thru the supply cable so I have to get a fiber cable to connect - the tv 's problem - not Yamaha 's . over all I be very happy with the sound quaility . it will shake the window at the begining of Transformers 2 . the bonus to get this at Amazon be that it be on sale , no tax and free shipping - save about $ 100 over Fry 's .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this unit be junk . after two - three week it develop a hum and then the sound would fade in and out . several month late I go to switch to a dvd and it give a loud hum and then go blank . will not work at all . absolute junk . do not buy this unit !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	with sound performance this good , why would anyone buy a traditional rack system -lrb- separate component -rrb- ? this one piece do it all , play my dvd , cd , and have a tuner for radio . it take I 15 minute to set it up and get it work , and the sound be really true . who have a entire weekend to spend figure out a new system ? I have a friend who buy a cheapie home theater in a box , and he be really jealous now . Mine sound 10x better than he , and have serious power . he be more like a big boom box . I have this one in my living room , and I really do not miss my old bigger , 10 piece system , and neither do my girlfriend . I be think about get another one for my bedroom , and one for my father who be just ready to get a dvd player , and be think of upgrade he old receiver . I think he 'll really like this one , and it be a dream to set up . only drawback be that it be a one disk loader , so can not shuffle . but I guess you can not have it all at this price ? : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I recently buy a sharp aquo 37 inch tv for my 10x15 den and want a economical home theater system that would both look and sound good . the ht-930 fit my requirement . the system be very stylish look for the price and its silver appearance perfectly match my tv and hdtv cable box , so when you walk into the room it look like all of these component be part of one package . the sound be crisp and clear , and the subwoofer sound even better than some more expensive component I have listen to . it have four level of adjustment , and on the highest setting you can actually feel the vibration , which make watch a action scene in a movie even more enjoyable . the FM radio be ok , but lack the ability to enter station digitally . instead you have to find station the old fashion way by scroll through , though you can enter up to 15 preset station and access they with the channel control . since I do not plan to use the radio very much , this do not matter to I . I also have not try play music cd since they be all on my ipod , which easily attach to this system and sound great . just go to Radio Shack and buy -lrb- i -rrb- audio rca plug with a headphone adapter on the other end and -lrb- ii -rrb- a stereo cord . plug the audio plug into the AUX opening on the back of the unit , plug one end of the stereo cord into the headphone adapter , and the other end into the headphone jack on the ipod . Voila ! you can listen to all of you music without expensive adaptor . the instruction manual be not always that clear , but Panasonic do have live customer support via telephone that I find helpful in answer my question . the only gripe I have with this system be that it do not have a digital input , which mean that the only thing that you can listen to in surround sound be a dvd , but not a cable show . however , I know this in advance and still buy the system for several reason -lrb- actually I buy two -- a second one for my daughter 's apartment -rrb- . first , it look and sound so much better than comparably price system that do have a digital input . second , to really appreciate the true effect of surround sound you need a large room . although I can hear a difference between a dvd with surround sound and a cable show that be only in stereo , it be really not that much of a difference in my 10x15 den . what be more important to I be that the ht930 produce a very nice sound regardless of the source . also you can individually adjust the volume of each speaker , and there be a setting that simulate surround sound when watch a movie . if you have a large room and want to hear cable show in true high quality surround sound , then you should consider another system . I have listen to such system , but they cost 6 to 7 time as much as the ht930 . however , if you be not interested in spend that kind of money , then this system be for you . for the money I do not think you can do any better . my rating on this would have be five star if there have be a digital input .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after a month , the unit -lrb- sc-ht800v -rrb- would turn off as soon as I turn the unit on . after troubleshoot , unplug and replugg , I figure out it have something to do with the connection from the base unit to the subwoofer . since the all the speaker connector be on the subwoofer instead of the base unit , I have no speaker . the dvd and VHS will still work if I use the tv 's speaker . the tuner will not work unless connect to the sub , so no tuner .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	how many thing can I say be wrong with the system I buy . it die conveniently after the warranty expire . I have to wrestle with it to get my dvd back . when it do display picture , it would frequently pause in the middle of the movie . I would recommend spend the extra money on a better quality system . save yourself money and frustration in the long run . do not learn like I do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I be new to sound system , and be by no mean a audiophile . what I want be something to improve the sound from my tv in a small space -lrb- a den -rrb- . for that purpose alone , the system work fine . however , the reason this get 3 star and not 4 be that no matter how the setting be adjust , the sound seem to come predominantly from the sound bar , which sound thin to I . the rear speaker , which be quite small , seem to produce very little sound . be it better than my tv ? absolutely . it also have a small footprint , which be important to I . what get I be the price . I just do not feel it be worth the amount pay . I regret not give the lesser expensive Yamaha htib with individual side speaker a try instead of this sound bar system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	thing be go great for 5 month , until suddenly I can not play dvd . the dvd audio be choppy and the video pixelate then stop altogether within seconds . Samsung of course be difficult to deal with to have they complete a warranty repair . rather than just send a new unit , which most reputable manufacturer would do to minimize you inconvenience & displeasure with they company , they want I to send it off to they for 2-3 week . -lrb- not a partcularly entice option when the unit comprise the sum total of you home audio\/video equipment . -rrb- we 'll see how this play out , but I be inclined to return to Sony product . after all , I have the same receiver , CD player , tape deck , & dvd player for many year -lrb- nearly 20 year in the case of the receiver -rrb- , and now my Samsung replacement die after 5 month . other down side that I be willing to overlook , but deserve mention : \* when you plug in you ipod to the usb port , its next to impossible to control what song be next . it do not pull up the song\/artist info , but rather you get a series of 4-5 random letter , so you be stick just click next until a song play that you may want to hear at that particular moment . the work around I start use be just to plug the ipod into the stereo use the ipod 's headphone jack & control thing from the ipod itself . the usb port be a great idea for Samsung , but its not think out well enough to actually be effective . \* the remote control be not well organize . difficult to navigate dvd without really concentrate on the button you be look for . \* the disc #s on the carousel should be white on black , rather than black on black . its real hard to read they -- even up close -- in a dark armoire . \* no cd mode that I can discern . so if you just want music , you gotta take out the dvd , otherwise , it 'll play they when it come around to they . my old Sony dvd player have this feature and would skip the dvd in CD Mode .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the first surround sound system that I have buy . I be horrify when i get it set up and realize that the surround sound only work for the dvd player . it sound great for dvd 's but everything else come out of two front speaker . ... APEX have make a big mistake with this product and they sure have I fool and I quickly return it ... do not make the same mistake that I do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	everything seem ok about this , but I cant hear the voice channel very well . I pretty much have to turn it up to 35-40 to be able to hear much voice durr a movie ... if I could fix that I would be plenty happy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this player if you be consider it . it be nice for a couple of year but the dvd player Optical pickup unit -lrb- which from what I have read , commonly go out on Panasonic -rrb- be fail . it be nice to get everything in one package but I recommend not get a amp and dvd player in one case due to the heat issue . and I be now in the process of replace this unit with Sony component -lrb- I should have do from the start ! -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I expect this rca rt151 home Theatre System to crush my Durabrand HT-3917 Home theater system . and I be very disappointed . the RCA have 80-watt of power ! the Durabrand have only 40-watt . my durabrand be twice as loud ! ! ! and cost half as much ! ! ! rca be not the way to go . buy DURABRAND .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	so this be really my first all in one home theater system . I have hear other before though although not as great quality as this one . the pro : - Easy set up . - aesthetically please . - the step by step direction be easy to follow and there be a setup dvd that come with it that guide you through set up as well . - the front speaker come with long rod and short rod so you can adjust the height of the front speaker to the height you would prefer . - the blu-ray player have a usb connect on the front make it easy to connect you ipod or usb stick to view picture , movie from a external source or to listen to you music from you ipod . - it be wifi and have a wifus stick -lrb- usb dongle -rrb- that come with it so you can wirelessly connect to you home network and get thing like hulu or pandora or crackle to listen to music or watch tv show or movie from the web . - it connect directly to the tv too so you can listen to you tv show or game through the system . - there be two HDMI port on the back so you can connect you peripheral device such as you PS3 or XBOX or something . - the wire be color code so you dont have to play the guess game when try to figure out which wire go where . - the system turn on when you turn the tv on , and the entire system turn off when you turn the tv off . - the internet streaming option be awesome include some of the sony channel like michael jackson video , crackel , youtube , and pandora . the con : - the two rear speaker be actually still wire . the wire go to a wireless receiver -lrb- a box about the size of a small dvd player -rrb- . the positive be obviously that the wire dont have to go all the way to the blu-ray player . - the receiver take a while to start up when you initially start it . it can take like 15 seconds or so . I know doesnt seem like a long time but when you be use to it turn on immediately it seem like a long time . - it come with everything need right out of the box except a hdmus cord . even though you can find one for $ 5 - $ 10 online , it be still sort of annoying . - the wire connect to the system with a snap in connection plug thing . that mean you can not switch out the speaker the system come with to better speaker . you be pretty much stick with the speaker that it come with . you could potentially splic the wire to connect the connector to a new set of speaker wire but it can be troublesome . I havent test a 3d movie to be able to comment on it . I suspect it would be great quality though consider it really have not let I down yet . overall i would say purchase this unit you wont be disappoint . it perform as expect if not better . the wireless speaker be a great touch and work seamlessly . the system set up be easy and everything you need be right in the box -lrb- except the hdmus cord -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a excellent buy for a home theater system . Kenwood have always be on top of the game when it come to sterio . my only real complaint about this system be the speaker -lrb- not the way they sound -rrb- , the way they look . they be kinda ugly without the cover on they . besides that the system be wonderful , powerfull , and it give you plenty of control over the sound to suit you need .  if you be look for a home Theater and can not afford a system like BOSE , than this be a great buy .  `` Consumer Reports '' also rate this system very high , 3rd or 4th on they list . not bad at all !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	`` I will be tackle Panasonic 's sc-ht900 700 Watt home theater system today . it be a luxurious look package with 4 slim tallboy speaker accompany by a center speaker , the sc-ht900 look tall and slim . the subwoofer come with a built-in 220 watt power amplifier and hold the same slim and tall characteristic . it seem that Panasonic have make this home theater system look like those fashion model with too much makeup and too much height . the only difference I see between they ... the ht900 be metallic silver and butt naked ! ... full review @ Bytesector ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for the price , this be a ideal system . I have a fairly large great room , and it get fill with sound . front speaker be great , back speaker do not seem to be very loud , even after adjust the volume setting . I plop the sub underneath the coffee table , and I would suggest you at least try it . it help keep the bass response tight and punchy . it would have be awesome if this come with some wire guard , or maybe a coupon for some . right now , i just have wire snake along the floor -lrb- I rent , so I be not go to slice the carpet up -rrb- . have not look into the wireless capable yet . Spent too much on the tv already !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system about a month ago , and so far its prove to be great ! it hook up perfectly to my playstation 2 , digital cable box , and even computer -lrb- for mp3 -rrb- . one of the only downside be there be only 2 audio in 's , a optical digital in , and a coaxital in , but I have manage to fit everything , without constantly wire swaping . I suggest this system to anyone in search of a hometheater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I get it as a gift a few month ago and , at first , everything be fine . then it start freezing on one dvd after another . it begin with lotr , then the Princess Bride , then occasionally on lotr : tt and now on HBO 's band of brother . the dvd play without a problem on other dvd player .  the system still have a few month of warranty leave so I will try talk to Samsung . but give some of the online comment I have read , it appear to I they will want I to ship , at my expense , a 55lb dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	totally happy with this purchase . the bar be super slim and the sound be great . love the fact that you can connect three HDMI device to the system . Easy remote . the wife be happy , the kid be happy , I be happy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I purchase this system before Christmas 2005 . attention audiophile . ignore this system . I use to be a audiophile when I could hear well . I be a retired electronics engineer , and I know this stuff . I 'll take it a section at a time and then treat the entire system . speaker : they be adequate for a small room at moderate sound level . you will not feel the room shake with super bass . the subwoofer be adequate for the seven speaker setup . remember folk , you pay less than 600 buck for this . it deliver a pretty good bang for the buck . bose -lrb- or similar -rrb- speaker would improve the system a lot . they be very efficient and well engineer . they be not cheap ! Amplifer : it be rate at about 160 watt at 10 % total harmonic distortion -lrb- thd -rrb- . that be very high for today 's solid state amplifier . it do not matter though because the speaker distortion at that power level would be much higher . remember folk , that power be split up between six speaker . the sub woofer have its own amplifier . Preamp : well , those thing be sort of like 8-track tape today , history . everything be digitally process now . Play with the various autio setting . Play with the menu . you will not find a treble or bass knob . everything -lrb- almost -rrb- be menu drive . input : these include video and audio input . you can name the input so they appear on the digital box display when you select one -lrb- front panel or with the remote control -rrb- , or you can leave they at they default setting . output : many of they , but not enough for I . I would like to see more `` line '' output from each major subsystem . note : this system be `` cheap '' because Sony sell a lot of they . if you want high end gear , buy it . Sony sell it too . it be costly not because of the electronics inside . that be a do deal now and relatively cheap . the high end stuff be pricy because of advanced engineering and limited production . Sony have to pay its bill just like the rest of we . that mean that they must make a profit too ! the manual : a abomination ! I write to Sony -lrb- not a hate letter -rrb- . they tell I they be take my suggestion under advisement . gee that make I feel warm and fuzzy all over ! write a instruction manual for complex consumer electronics be a difficult task . Sony must assume some thing first . focus group at Sony target a audience for the product . in the case of this system , they audience -lrb- customer base -rrb- be the average person who only want plug and play . make it easy for I ! cranky engineer like I should not buy this gear . in my love letter to Sony I beg they to give I a datum port on the digital box . give I some free software for my laptop . get rid of the manual ! Use computer documentation like we see now for every gizmo or piece of software we put into we computer . practically everybody can use a pc these day . give I a Windows program with a graphical representation of the two box and the speaker if necessary . in that graphic allow I to specify some kind of periperal gizmo that I want to hook to the digital box . if it be Sony gizmo of recent vintage , that should make it easier . as I define my gizmo and attempt to hook they up , warn I if I have do something wrong . offer suggestion . that be so easy folk ! it be call `` intelligent '' software . consider the number of Sony Home Theater system sell , the software development cost be nothing . okay , add ten buck to the price and really advertise it ! I 'll buy it ! the integrate dvd gizmo : as far as I have determine this box will play every cd\/dvd that have ever be create and many that be still on the draw board . well , I be old ! I use to use draw board before my boss put a computer on my desk ! my life have not be the same since . oh , the good old day . remote contol : a major pain in the butt . Sony have attemp to help the consumer with `` control consol '' to relieve the remote control congestion . I must have 25 of they . it seem now that most all remote attempt to control everything . well , what about my ceiling fan ? just kidding . I be try to `` engineer '' a audio\/video system that my wife can use and enjoy . she can really drive that Wega 32 inch tv . it be two year old now and technically fit for only be a boat anchor . I wonder if it float . to sum up , I think this system be okay for ordinary people . I be not ordinary . I be very weird . J Hinkson El Sobrante , CA
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just get this system a month or two ago , and I be happy with it . the speaker be quite outstanding actually . I have everything run through a Sony receiver -lrb- the one that I have already review -rrb- along with some vintage Yamaha center speaker , and the setup sound quite nice so far . as everyone have already mention regard klh sound system , the speaker be amazing , and the subwoofer lack bass . then again , you do save a great deal of money on the sattellite system , so throw it towards a decent sub . the speaker come with everything require for mount , except decent wall screw . also , the include speaker wire be absolutely dreadful , I would recommend get you own separately .  this system be perfect for a apartment where you have to worry about neighbor above and below complain about constant wall thumping . I have have no complaint thus far . I do not mean to sell the sub short , it be nice for the price , and do not seem like its go to blowout any time soon . again , if you want to shake the painting off you neighbor wall , you might want to try something else .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the only thing I find wrong with this product I will say up-front . the service by SONY on-line . the only thing this product need be to be ship with either a Digital -- or the optical sound cable and the product would be user ready right out of the box . it take I more time to go through all the option to try to make it give full surround sound to tv and anything play be just so simple with the digital optical sound cable for less than five buck . -lrb- I be on-line with SONY for three hour over two day . no answer fall off-line -rrb- nothing but these two would work -- so say on one of the page of the manual but in parent . the sound from this system be well worth the price and more . I have play old cd 's that have new sound come from they , Netflix 's stream movie come off in surround-sound as well as regular tv -- not cable -- over the air . every thing fall into place with nothing but the reset up of the speaker to do since I move thing around due to the richness of sound . it will keep you turn you head for the sound source -- that come through loud and clear . ok ok ok so I be please with the system -- but I be a hard head -- they do it with the product -- the service suck and I would have ship the proper cabling to make everyone 's experience like my end one -- thank god for optical cable -- the only flaw in a well-worth-the-money system . SONY DID IT -- please ship a cable next time . in addendum -- I be remiss in not say that I have a Blu-Ray disc player with a nero network to my desktop pc . the Sony be to the component port , hdmus for the bd , also have a old tech vcr port in by the vlr port -- all to the Samsung 23 inch monitor tv . all sound come from the SONY -- tv speaker be off . I do try various patch-in -- find these to be the best for I . the unit would work to a degree on any other set-up -- but only with the digital co-ax or the digital optical do it work for all equipment . the key be the tv be the common . love the set-up -- still have not recalibrate the speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it be relatively easy to setup . it sound great ! now I know what I have be miss with surround sound - even from -lrb- hi-def -rrb- Cable . it be great to just have the one hdmus out , and the hi-def cable look great come through the hdmi-input 1 through the blu-ray system to the tv . the wi-fi internet setup easily with my sbc\/at & t dsl router . so far , I have try out Youtube , and it stream pretty well , but I really have not try any larger video site . I be still try to set my new sony remote to control the cable box . just wish I could have get the cheaper price now offer 10 day later - feel a little burn by that . but otherwise , this system have it all - great sound , video , streaming , lot of fun !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this home theater system around 2 week back . after lot of research I narrow down to Panasonic and Onkyo . but due to my recent good experience with Panasonic product I go for this one . I do not want to spend more than 500 $ . this one cost I around 425 \/ - . the sound quality be very good and the speaker be very stylish . I hook the whole system in about 2 hr . the speaker wire that come with the system be 33 foot each for the surround sound speaker and should be good enough . I unecessarily buy the extra speaker cord and run short of the 50 foot wire that I buy and then only do I open the speaker wire which come default , should have open they first . the remote take some time to understand , but if you be savvy with electronic gadget it should not be a problem . you can hook up the digital cable and VCR player pretty easily -lrb- for this you may have to buy the cord -rrb- . I be pretty impressed with the sound quality from the digital cable I have , it sound better than my friend bose 3.2.1 system . the dvd player could play my home dvd 's which I burn on a dvd+r disc although the official manual say it play dvd - r disc . overall a good system for the price . I would recommend it if you be look for a sub 500 $ home theater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I want to get a home theater for my bedroom , not that I want it knock my sock off or blow I away , but want to experience the same kind of sensation that I get in my living room when view a dvd or vcd . I buy this re-manufactured , as to not put too big of a dent into my budget -lrb- basically , I be a cheapskate ! -rrb- hooked everything up and I be pleased , first because it work out of the box and instruction be quite clear , with minor exception , which I will get to later . I immediately try a dvd , mp3 disk and vcd , it be all good , view angle , Dolby , FF , fr and chapter seek . very crisp output , video and audio and surprizingly quite resonant . there be some plus and minus , the plus , besides what I mention above . 1 . considerable versatility , couple of additional set of imput for tv and aux -lrb- can hook up my ipod to it -rrb- . 2 . sound option , for VCD and CD , which be stereo , simulated Dolby be available utilize all the speaker output , rather than just the sub and front pair , in stereo mode . 3 . shuffle mode for CD 's . I really enjoy this feature , but it will only do this per disk , not shuffle through the disk to play select song . not a big thing , but it be my first experience with finding shuffle feature on 5 disk dvd\/cd . 4 . remote be lay out quite well and be readable , something that I have have difficulty with on other . 5 . Change disk while one be play , however , you can not get to all of they when you do this , unless you be Houdini . 6 . sub-woofer be awesome for bass and I love bass !! negative : -lrb- minor for most people and the reason I do not give 5 \* 's -rrb- 1 . Speaker wire be not long enough for rear speaker , but this be not uncommon from other home theater that I have help to set up or set up on my own . 2 . external FM antenna be a wire only , although it do work , it look cheap and can not hook up to coaxial cable to utilize other hook up option . 3 . no preset mixer , but tonal quality -lrb- bass and treble -rrb- be available , but you need to go through a bunch of change to reach this menu and video have to present to see what you do , unless you can remember the step . my mind be not a steel trap . all in all , this be better and more than expect , in output , ability , overall appearance , functionality , remote and this guy rock ! heck , I be think of put this one in my living room instead , but think better of it . Engineered very well and well think out . think I be pleased , you be exactly right , if you say yes ! I would heartily recommend this unit to those thinking of diving into the home theater pool .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the positive review of this system be not a fluke . this be a solid , inexpensive way to improve on tv speaker if you want better sound but do not want to spend a bundle on a sound bar or a real surround sound system . I say `` real '' because this be not a Dolby Digital 5.1 system , the current standard . there be three input , and all three be stereo -lrb- l\/r -rrb- input . what come out appear to be pro-logic , although I have not be able to confirm that in any of the spec . that say , by balance the speaker volume -lrb- you can independently control the volume for center , rear , front , and subwoofer channel -rrb- , you can get a nice , room-filling sound that allow for dialog through the center channel and music through all 5.1 , close enough to Pro-Logic for my limited need in this room . and bear in mind that most 2.1 system on here be not much cheaper . so why not opt for the extra speaker , even if they do not get discreet audio ? room-fill if you room be small , that be . I put this in a bedroom , which be nice thanks to its compact size . what be more , there be a remote , which the comparable Coby system -lrb- retailing here for $ 40 -rrb- do not have . the speaker wire length be generous enough for small room -lrb- and you do not really want this for large room -rrb- . and despite the towering picture , this be a small , very small , unit . the subwoofer can almost -lrb- though not quite -rrb- fit under the bed . all in all I give this 5 star as a worthwhile product for the price . obviously , up against true 5.1 system this do not measure up . but for $ 55 , you get -lrb- at least -rrb- what you pay for .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my current rig as of 1\/2011 : - fluance sxhtb + - jbl es250pbk 400-watt high-powered 12-inch subwoofer - Harman Kardon AVR 2600 Receiver - PlayStation 3 use 1.4 a hdmus cable from Amazon on Linear PCM setting -lrb- not MonsterRipOffs -rrb- I go from Infinity TSS-750 series satellite speaker to these Fluance speaker , and I have to say , they be simply amazing . I can not really compare to any other bookshelf speaker , only satellite speaker . however , I have hear speaker like these in the store and frankly , I could not tell you the difference between these and Polk audio . as for shipping , Fluance be a smaller company and you can only buy the speaker from they , so I be expect a long wait time . ship from Canada -lrb- I assume , since they be base there -rrb- , my speaker be there by the end of the week after order on a Monday . I consider that to be speedy delivery . before order though , I do have to wait for several month because they be out of stock , but I be not ready to buy then anyway . what be include be two bookshelf speaker , a center , and two rear\/sides -lrb- whichever you prefer -rrb- . on Fluance 's website , you can order two more speaker for complete 7.1 audio for $ 39.99 a speaker . the picture do not do they justice . I be go to actually paint the speaker black , as I hate `` wood '' look furniture , but these be a bit darker than the picture advertise they to be . they actually blend pretty well with darker furniture . this come from my wife as well , who do not want to buy these just because she hate the wood look . but she instantly like the darker color they arrive in . set these sucker up be a little new to I . again , I never have bookshelf speaker before , so I do not know I need to have two wire per speaker , but I guess I should have figure that out . after I get they setup , my receiver do all the work as far as configure they , with I tweaking they a bit . now , I buy the subwoofer mention above at the exact same time . that sucker be huge , and pack a nice punch . but after the first day , I turn it off so I could play game at night , and really , I have not use the subwoofer hardly since . my blu-ray and game manage to boom at the appropriate moment , without the subwoofer . often time , I feel like I be use my old subwoofer for bass , just from the speaker . they be not go to rattle window , and tear down the roof , but they be great if you do not want to be too loud because of neighbors\/sleeping wife . the price , the quality , and the look be perfect . if someone break in my house and rob I blind , I would not think twice about buy these again . at $ 299 -lrb- plus about $ 80 shipping -rrb- , these really feel like a steal . everyone that have hear they have be greatly impressed , and I feel if you be plan on get a Polk audio set , consider Fluance as a superior product than they since they sound the exact same and cost way less .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be happy with this purchase . what a difference from just my tv volume .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we be not audio-video `` heavy '' , but we be write this review in the hope that it may help other like we . we purchase this item because of the excellent review in a recent `` Consumer Reports '' . the Amazon price be the best we could find -lrb- as usual ! -rrb- , and the item arrive very quickly -lrb- again , as usual ! -rrb- . here be some advice for other who be consider this item : 1 . the Amazon description would benefit from additional word that clarify which additional cable -lrb- s -rrb- a buyer might need . in we case , we discover only after the Vizio arrive , that we new Panasonic 50 '' plasma do not have a `` audio out '' that the vizio-included `` rca cable '' require -lrb- we learn later that this might be typical of most recent hdtv -rrb- . also , the Vizio do not accept HDMI , so we need something call a `` optical cable '' . it would be wonderful if Vizio include a Optical Cable with this product . the cable cost we under $ 5 here at Amazon , and even if Vizio have to increase they price by $ 5 it would be a good marketing move that would save they tech support time , especially since the Vizio manual suggest Optical as the best approach . 2 . the Vizio manual make no mention of the possible need to tweak some audio setting on you tv in order to get the Vizio speaker and sub-woofer to produce sound . it take a lengthy call to Vizio tech support before the support person finally suggest this as a possibility . perhaps more experienced audiophile would have know this stuff right away , but we sure do not . one example of the tweaking : we need to `` turn off the internal speaker '' via the tv 's menu -lrb- this sure make sense to we , once we learn it be necessary ! -rrb- . we also need to select one specific Vizio remote control option . if such item have be indicate as possibility in the Vizio manual it sure would have make we experience a lot smoother and quicker , and it would have save the Vizio tech support folk some effort . now that we have everything running , we be delighted with the sound quality the Vizio produce , and with the value . we can not believe the improvement compare to the Panasonic 's internal audio -lrb- we would be happy with that till we hear the Vizio ! -rrb- . we hope the above be helpful ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not know what the negative review be all about as far as the Wifi be concern . I stream Netflix , Hudu , the free game and everything else with ease . quite possibly they have defective internet and that be the problem or they do not have the wireless adapter but you can also direct wire the system with the ethernet connection . I have never have a problem and highly recommend this product to anyone that want a true home theater experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	provide cable could be longer , end up reuse some of the cable of my old system and tie they to the new cable because of the proprietary end .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy the Jensen JHT350 Home Theater System for use in a 8 ' x 10 ' exercise room and use it mainly to watch music and concert dvd while work out . the video quality be very good , although it be on occasion necessary to open and close the disk drawer two or three time before a dvd will load in the player . the audio can be easily hear over the noise of a treadmill and exercise bike , with plenty of volume leave to burn . the audio quality be acceptable , but can not compare with the near concert hall quality produce by more sophisticated home theater system . there be a distinct tinny sound in the upper register at high volume . the subwoofer be passive , which mean it lack its own amplifier and power supply and use instead the amplifier in the receiver . the unit perform Dolby Digital 5.1 decoding , but have no dt decoder . there be both digital coaxial and digital optical audio output , which make it possible to connect the dvd player to a better sound system , but there be no digital audio input . this make it impossible to obtain digital sound from a cable or satellite receiver . there be , however , leave and right analog stereo input and the prologic feature can use to obtain simulated surround sound from a external source , such as a tv or cable receiver , connect to these input . the FM receiver pull in a fair number of station , but the AM receiver pick up only two station , and I be located in a major metropolitan area which have numerous AM station . the button on the remote be not very intuitive and be poorly arrange . once the unit be turn off , it have no memory of any setting for a particular dvd , include the place in the dvd where playback be stop . the operator ' manual section deal with some of the audio setting be incomprehensible and my email to Audiovox and its agent request clarification have not yield any useful information . in summary , this item offer some feature find in better home theater system for a relatively low price , but it also have quite a few limitation .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	well , I end up buy mine on closeout from Radio Shack for $ 149 . . I love mine ... the sound really be great , and the price be AWESOME ! I use mine for dvd 's , my tv 's regular sound for all tv I watch , and also as a tuner to listen to the radio \/ CD 's in surround sound . some buyer talk about a whine from the speaker ... I do not know if this help or not , but I will share - I have extra wire bundle up from the speaker and I do NOT put all that wire anywhere near the speaker or the head unit . I think that bundle of wire near a speaker might cause interference , so if you have that whine , make sure the extra wire be not near the equipment . Mine do not make any noise on standby , or skip at all either . I be very happy with mine .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	they be pretty good at do what they be suppose to do . relatively easy to mount up and strong enough for pretty heavy speaker -lrb- 2.86 lb -rrb- . of course it be a little pricey but what choice do you have ? these be the cheapest one that get the job do nicely . the only weakness I notice be with the keyhole mount option . it have a little give but then again there be only one screw hold the speaker to the mount . do not be afraid to tighten all those screw down really hard to get they to stay where you want they , the mount can handle it . also , I 'll share what help I to mount they in the exact position I want they in . just a simple guide in case you be have trouble on how to go about it . 1 . I separate the piece -lrb- except for the elbow joint -rrb- . 2 . I mount the end piece to the speaker tightly so there be no give . 3 . I tape up all the wall mount to test out the optimal spot for the speaker then attach they with the supply hardware . 4 . I take one speaker at a time and put the slightly tighten elbow to it and wiggle they around on the wall attachment till I have they in a good position . 5 . I then gently slip off the speaker and tighten the elbow in the right position on the wall -lrb- both the actual elbow and where the elbow connect to the wall mount -rrb- . 6 . ran the wiring to the mount -lrb- good luck , it suck get the wire around live room nicely -rrb- 7 . attach the speaker wire to the speaker and tighten the speaker mount to the elbow . 8 . Voila !!! what a pain , especially on a 7.1 system , but so worth it in the end . wow , I feel like a real handy man now -lrb- or handy person , no offense lady -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I think I would upgrade from the Vizio 2.1 soundbar , which perform well . my first vht510 last about three week before the blue volume , etc. , led stop work . the sound quality , in my opinion , be spectacular for the price . because the indicator light provide the only visual feedback for the various setting available , I return the unit to Amazon . the replacement unit work perfectly when I set it up . however , when I turn the unit on the next morning , I find that the subwoofer lead indicate it be not connect to the sound bar . the soundbar 's wireless function appear to have fail . two different Vizio technician be unable to to correct the issue over the phone . since this be a replacement unit from Amazon , I decide to send the defective unit to Vizio in hope that whatever problem be associate with the unit will have be correct in its replacement . we 'll see !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	good sound from a budget system - only flaw be I could not get the hdmus to work , have to connect use analog video cable . first unit I buy have a defective dvd player , Amazon swap for a new unit with any cost to I - very pleased with Amazon 's service !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my brother just get this system for really cheap at best buy and he ask I to look at it to see if it be a good deal to keep . after that I like the system so much that I buy it for myself . it have really good sound for the price and the 5 Disc dvd player be essential . its also pretty nice look . overall , im very pleased with it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the sound quality be great . I like the optional setting for tv , Music etc. . just be aware that you need to purchase the s-air box to make additional speaker wireless .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I get this piece of junk as a gift from my company on my 15 year anniversary , the picture quality be bad and the sound be wayyyyy tooo awfulllll . I get so mad at myself for not choose something else , my 20 year old t.v. have better sound and picture quality than this home theater . I have try to return but they do not want it back , so I take this unit to my back yard , then I get my sledge hammer and wow , what a stress relief , I turn this junk into piece and then to the trash can . that be the best part .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : good sound , relatively easy setup con : for my home network , the wireless connection be not reliable . I have to switch to a wire connection use a Powerline connector from Netgear . also , have to buy a separate rocketfish rear wireless speaker unit to allow cord free rear speaker connection . lastly , if streaming hd program from Netflix , make sure you have at least at 5mbp download speed or you 'll be get a lot of buffering .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	buy this 3 month ago . main unit burn out . base cube have lot of `` connection problem '' . however , when it be work it sound great . it be very stubborn to play certain dvd 's . -lrb- take a long time to load many dvd 's and cd have . i be return it tomorrow .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	hus we purchase this unit in April , 2005 for almost over $ 400.00 . this unit do not have review by then . we think since we be put good money we get a pretty decent system but the performance be not what we expect . it can not play dvd for more than 2 or 3 hour . after that it continually try to read but unsuccessful . please do not buy this unit at all . try look for a SONY or BOSE if you can afford . lesson learn be beware what you buy and let other write review about the unit then you buy . thanks .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	flat out the best system at this price . the sound quality be just what you would expect from JBL . have the 5 disc changer make it perfect for party ... . set the CD 's in the player and just let it do it be thing . the compact speaker will surprise most people when they first see the small size , but the sound that come out of they will blow they away . more option than I can even go into -lrb- i. e : DSP imaging , sleep timer , dvd option -rrb- . get it and enjoy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	receive unit 3 day ago fully aware of led problem but willing to take a chance , especially after read that the led problem be `` fix '' . set up be a breeze , attach satellite to atlantic speaker stand -lrb- need to buy shorter screw to connect speaker - 12-1\/2 inch -rrb- and for one day everything be perfect . one day later , the famous led issue start to appear -lrb- arrow on display be begin to become erratic -rrb- and a few hour later the display die . wasnt sure if i want to go through the aggravation of disconnect and return the unit as it still sound great -lrb- true 5.1 -rrb- and what be the chance the next unit would work correctly ??? in any case , i decide to call vizio to let they know that they should correct this problem especially since it be so well know . the first person i speak to say it be `` rare '' - which i thought be funny and i ask to speak to a live tech-he proceed to tell I that they indeed be aware of the problem and it be correct . he advise I to return to vizio -lrb- not amazon -rrb- so that i would be assure of receive `` fresher stock '' in short , the return work this way ... u send vizio proff of purchase , they call you and put a hold for the amount of purchase on you credit card , send u a new one -lrb- along with a shipping label to send back the old box -rrb- , and u get the charge wipe out when they receive the defective unit . since i have all the wire clip to the wall and didnt want to redo , i be tell to just exchange the sub and soundbar with the new one -lrb- both have to go b\/c theyre `` paired '' at factory -rrb- and just leave everything else in box in wrapper . since i be tell problem have beed address , ill return -lrb- as i will have no `` down time '' and have nothing to lose -rrb- will update when new unit arrive
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this from Crutchfield in December of 2003 for $ 450 and to this day the machine itself have never malfunction on I -lrb- see below about the speaker -rrb- . since I buy this system I have move six time - 4 of which be short distance by truck , but 2 of they be via trans-pacific shipping -lrb- to China and back -rrb- . while in China I have to use a transformer due to different voltage . so this machine have really hold up ! except for the speaker . one of they start to have a bit of rattle about 4 year ago . I purchase a additional pair from eBay , so I replace the bad one , leave myself with a spare . a few month ago , another go bad . the spare replace it . but now yet another go bad . -lrb- I be begin to wonder should I just buy speaker from a different brand , or should I buy a new system ? I be inclined to the former , but I wonder if the output from this system be `` flat '' or pre-equalized like some bose system be ? -rrb- like the other recent reviewer , I use the optical input of the system a lot . I have it hook up to my plasma tv , which output digital audio via the optical toslink . it be really nice that the dav-fc7 automatically recognize the source as mono , stereo , or Dolby Surround depend on the program on tv ! all in all I have be really satisfied . if only the speaker be more robust ! -lrb- I also rate the sound quality as 4 star , but not because of the rattle problem . when the speaker function normally , the sound be very good . but I have a brother who be a audiophile so I know what really expensive speaker sound like and I must say this be just a tad below perfect sound . but for the price I can not complain . -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Onkyo have be know for they strong home theater reciever and there speaker . the ht-s650 be a strong package with good quality feature . the Onkyo reciever deliver 100 watt to each channel with build in Dolby Pro-Logic 2 -lrb- for VHS movie -rrb- Dolby Digital and DTS decoding . with its WRAT -lrb- wide Range Amplifier Technology -rrb- , this reciever be build to last . it be input and output include S-Video , Optical Digital , and a 5.1 Channel input -lrb- for dvd audio and sacd -rrb- . the Onkyo speaker sound great . the front speaker be magnetically shield so the speaker be strong and give out good quality sound . the Center and Surround speaker be well balance with 4 '' woofer and 1 '' balanced tweeter . the subwoofer have a build in 150 watt amplifier with a 8 '' long-throw woofer , so you 'll be sure that you be get deep bass . the package also include a remote for the reciever , speaker cable , and a instruction booklet . even though it do not come with a dvd player , its still a great system for people who be new in the home theater world or just for people who like to upgrade they small system . Great Value .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I would like to comment on some item in the other reviewer 's review :  `` o no warranty ; no address or telephone number in packing material . try 800\/726 -3801 . ''  Mine ship with a warranty card and contact information .  `` o work only with remote control supply ; no universal remote code so now I have one more clicker to kepp track of ''  that depend on the type of universal remote you have . you be correct though , most universal remote do not have a code for Koss . `` o tiny speaker supply with unit have a tinny sound ; ''  I think the sound on the unit be terrific . I certainly have no complaint .  `` o if you switch from dvd to tv , dvd revert back to start of disk . a major pain as now you have to sit through a minute plus of start-up material . ''  i agree , this be a major pita . and the reason I give it four , instead of 5 star .  `` o lack a mute button . oh thos enoisy commercial ''  my remote have a mute button , and it work . I think you should read the manual or look for the speaker with a line through it on the remote . : - -rrb-  overall I think this be a wonderful unit for the price . it be only slightly more than a standard dvd player . the unit also play mp3 , and have AM and FM tuner as well . what a happy surprise that be !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be very affordable and have a great sound ! I have a new audio cd that come double with the same cd only in 5.1 surround sound and I be blow away by this system sound ... it be awesome ! I highly recomend it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my wife and I pick this one out after look and listen to a lot of comparable . the sound have a fullness and depth that I just do not hear in any other compact home theater system under $ 500 . Hookup take less time than I expect ; however , you will need to purchase additional speaker wire ... the supply wire be just too short . -lrb- you do not necessarily need to buy monster cable -rrb- the plus side of the sound quality outweigh the negative of a rather slow disc changer\/reader . and watch a dvd in Dolby ProLogicII be a excellent experience . the sacd format be also fantastic whether you be listen to dark side of the Moon -lrb- a absolute must with sacd -rrb- or the Cleveland Symphony Orchestra -lrb- try Mahler 's Resurrection Symphony -rrb- . again , it be a perfect home theater system for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy my Streamium mx6000us a few month back and it just keep get better . I do not have any of the setup issue descibe by other owner -lrb- I have be in the computer field for over 14 year -rrb- . I think the setup be pretty straight forward -lrb- I only have to refer to the manual once -rrb- . New service and update be available on a regular basis . I create slideshow with picture take on my digital camera . my wife still like the 35mm camera so we can view those picture via Yahoo ! . my next purchase will be a philip flat-panel tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be loving this system . I buy it to go with my new Samsung 55 '' lead lcd tv and I do not regret it . I have a knowledgable friend set it all up so I do not know about ease of set up . people be right about the slow response to the remote . once I get use to it , it be no big deal . I have watch a 3d movie on it and catch myself dodge bird that be not really there . blu-ray movie be awesome too . I have use the Netflix and Pandora feature and I be really impressed . the wireless rear speaker be great but I be experience problem with they fading in and out which can get quite annoying . not sure what the issue be there but I be sure there be a solution on line somewhere . I get a good price on Amazon with FedEx Home delivery . this blu-ray player surround system -lrb- and my Samsung tv -rrb- have raise my movie view to a whole new level .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I base my purchase on the review I read here , and I be competely satisfy . I be not a expert on home theater by any stretch , but with this system and a optoma h31 projector , I have a great home theater setup for a little over $ 1000 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	at least I be review the system in question and not the sc-ht700 or another Panasonic system with a VCR , as two of the other reviewer do . I have have this system for 2 year now , and I be quite happy with it . it be be very reliable . sound be decent , for what it be : a home theater in a box . sound option be good : Dolby digital , Prologic , ability to accentuate the center channel , equalizer , etc. . it be not for audiophile , but be quite adequate for my ear . Recording on DVDs and DVD-RAMs be better than my old VCR recording -lrb- duh -rrb- . the flexible recording option be nice , as the machine optimize compression base on the set recording time . I now use the system to record off my dvr so that I can unload the hard drive , and it work well for this , produce compatible dvd . it have a satisfactory number of input : I have off-air and satellite tv , VCR , and network music stream hook in , and my son use the front input for some game . overall , a good system for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system Xmas 2001 . ... there a few `` nagging item '' I would of like do differently but overall I be very pleased .  the good 1 -rrb- sound great ! the subwoofer & -lrb- 5 -rrb- satellite speaker be nice look & compact . and the output be plenty for we 12 ' x 16 ' room . 2 -rrb- Plays virtually all type of CD 's perfectly . I use dvd , CD-audio , CD-R & CD-RW with MP3s . I have encounter no skip problem . 3 -rrb- I plug my exist CD changer & my HiFi VCR into it be RCA jack . these component be integrate well . 4 -rrb- 5.1 Dolby Digital dvd output . 5 -rrb- dvd playback feature be adequate . Picture quality be perfect -lrb- of course - it be digital -rrb- .  the bad 1 -rrb- no dvd zoom or similar feature I have see on other player . not a real big deal to I ... 2 -rrb- no built-in DTS decoder . again not a big deal to I as Dolby digital kick ! 3 -rrb- it take approx 5 sec to `` read '' a disc before any playback can begin . 4 -rrb- there be no text display for mp3 file & the unit do not `` chapter '' folder the way some unit I have see will . for instance if you have individual album in separate folder , you can not `` chapter '' from folder-to-folder . this unit only skip track although you can type in a `` go-to '' track # .  the ugly 1 -rrb- very slow disc change . I time it at about 12 sec . almost best to consider it a single disc player . 2 -rrb- mp3 playback seem to be limit to a maximum of 160 kbp encode rate . this be annoying to I as I have many recording at 192 + kbps and this unit will jump\/skip at high bit-rate . 3 -rrb- the unit tend to get hot seemingly due to it be `` Energy Star '' compliance that cycle the fan on\/off . I actually return the 1st unit I would purchase think the fan be not work . after get the 2nd one and watch the fan , I realize it cycle . take heed and install in a ventilate area with good air flow !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I write a review below , where the unit freeze up and I have to unplug it overnight to make it work . just a update : Sony have have my unit for a month , can not fix it , and can not send I a new one back because `` we do not have any dvd player '' accord to Eric . '' and by the way , we can not tell you when you 'll get one . I have literally have a broken unit since January , and no estimate when I 'll get one . I pay Netflix $ 20\/month for ... nothing .  why would you want one of these in you home , when Sony do not even have any ?  just look at all the review below , this be a piece of junk , and the service be beyond horrible . as one Sony customer support person explain to I : `` Mr. Vaughn , life be full of inconvenience ''
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	really enhance we movie experieance at home . a good buy at a good price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we purchase this product from Sears right before christmas of 05 . the purchase price be 149.00 . I should have know that mean it be cheap , but we be on a budget , so we buy it anyway . we have no problem with it until August of 06 . when the disc be play , all the color on the tv turn green . then the screen go black , but we still have sound . we call customer service who tell we to send it to they and it would cost we 130 dollar to have it fix . the whole thing just feel like a scam . would anyone actually send it in ? I will never purchase a Koss product , and I hope they go bankrupt due to they business dealings .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be very impressed with all of Vizio 's product . I purchase the vht510 almost a month ago and have not have any issue . I have be wait for the lead issue to pop up but have be fortunate enough for that to not happen yet . the sound quality have be great . it be definitely highly recommend to use a optical cable versus the rca jack for optimum sound quality . setup be quick and easy . the wireless feature have be great for ease of setup due to not have to run wire across the room .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I can not accurately express how great this product be in a few paragraph , but I 'll try . I 'll start by say that I already have a blu-ray player -lrb- PS3 -rrb- , so I be look for a surround system that be affordable and easy to set-up , actually sound good , and feel like a quality product . after use the system for a few day I can tell you that it have more than accomplish these thing . I pay full retail price , which be $ 350 , but again , I only need a surround system by itself , no dvd or blu-ray player , which be what the majority of system seem to be these day with bd become more popular . that say I be willing to pay a little more if it be a good system . the system come with a central speaker , two front speaker and two surround speaker to achieve 5.1 surround , which be plenty for a apartment like mine . there be also a very powerful subwoofer include as well , so when I have a home I can really pump the bass . additionally , the power be 1000w . know a bit , but not a whole lot about surround sound setup , this system make it ridiculously easy for I to set it up and get go . each speaker be color-code for easy installation , which seem like a no-brainer but this be not always the case . so anyway , you plug the wire into each speaker and then into the receiver and plug in the subwoofer and you be do with the wiring , it be really that simple . the wire be plenty long for the two surround speaker as well , so that be not a issue . there be also a auto-calibration microphone that come with the system that you place where you sit when you watch tv and it do its thing in less than 30 seconds and you be system be calibrate positionally just like that . I have watch a few blu-ray so far and the sound really be great , top-notch really . if you have never have a surround system before , you do not know what you be miss ! I could never watch a movie again without it . its a very powerful system as well , I be wait for my neighbor to say something soon lol -lrb- which be why there be night mode include -rrb- there be many mode you can use as well , such as Dolby pro Logic with 5.1 support , sport , game , music etc. . . Sports give you a reverberate sound as if you be at the stadium listen to the announcer , pretty cool minor stuff . now , there be also 3 hdmus input include , which be partly why this system be a little pricier than other , but it be well worth it . so I have my PS3 and DVR hook into the receiver with one to spare . it be nice to just switch the receiver to which one I want rather than the tv , I basically do not need my tv remote anymore . I know there be no ipod dock include , but you can buy a $ 8 cable -lrb- red and white tip -rrb- and play it through that , so it be not really worth the $ 100 + Sony dmp dealy . so there you have it , a great system for the price from Sony , who come through in the clutch once again . ignore the review that say they think this have a blu-ray player with it , I be not review Amazon , rather I be review this product . pro : 3 hdmus input , great sound , sleek and compact , easy set-up , auto-calibration . con : a tad pricy but the quality be there if you do not need a blu-ray player and you do not want to deal with annoyingly complicate set-up , this be the system you want .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase the Vizio vht510 thropugh Walmart and it be one of my better purchase that I have make concern purchase price and sound quality . I have the soundbar hook up to my Dishnetwork receiver that have to go through my Pioneer vsx-1710txv receiver and Sylvania 40 inch lcd tvg . everybody be complain about the led but I have no problem with this issue as it work great . it be very easy to set up and the secret to get the quality sound you want out of the subwoofer , speaker and soundbar come through the remote . I recommend this product with 5 star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I read a lot of good information about this product while research it for Christmas , so when it come up as a gold Box Deal I snag it . I have a very unusual shape for the family room and I do not want to run wire across the floor . I also be not too jazz about wireless speaker -lrb- still need a power cord or you need to deal with battery -rrb- . set up the unit be easy . with a few extra hdmus cable , such as  BlueRigger High speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet 6.6 Feet -lrb- 2m -rrb- - support 3d and Audio return -lrb- latest version  I can leave the tv on a single hdmus output and switch it at the sound bar . since I need to switch the audio anyway -lrb- I may never use the tv speaker again -rrb- , its convenient to have the video source follow . we have a very non-standard room layout and the soundbar do a good job of fill the space . you could just as easily have you tv be the switcher and output the audio signal from the tv to the soundbar -lrb- support a digital audio out connection -rrb- . the sound be great for a sound bar . I would expect that audiophile will expect more . this product be not for someone who be willing to rewire they house to get the best possible sound . for someone who want something clean and elegant that produce good sound without a lot of wire or clutter , this be the product for you .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy and receive this unit and have have it about a week . it be ok for the price and a very entry level system . however , any video or audio buff will be very disappointed . this unit be average all the way around . the dvd player be a dvd player , nothing amazaing , the VCR work , the AM\/FM radio work but the antenna and reception be way below average these day , the sound be ok and possibly a bit below average for this low end unit . overall , for a 2nd system , a very small room , a child , etc this be a reasonable unit . for you main system there be many better option - seperate the VCR from the dvd home theater would get you a much better unit and then just pick up a low cost VCR . nothing impress I about this Toshiba . its barely average all the way around . own a higher end Toshiba , this be a disappointment . the remote control color scheme and reflectiveness make it very difficult to read , small button , confuse menu system , non-lighted remote . I give it 2 star because it do play dvd and video fine . however , its radio , sound , remote , and menu 's be way below average . better off with a cheapie end Koss , Audiovox , etc unit . this Toshiba replace a older broken go video unit for someone who require dvd\/vcr . the GO video unit be several year old and be consider entry level low end at the time . however , it perform better than the Toshiba . the GO video lack the CDRW , mp3 , AM\/FM , etc feature common on today 's current model though . to sum it up , I would pass this unit by and either look at the lower price unit or seperate component and spend more money on a better overall setup .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	like the unit i like most sony product easy to setup . wish it have more than hdmus input
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I install 2 of these system in 2 bedroom . each bedroom have a wall mount LG 32 '' 720p lcd tv . I find they on ebay for $ 79 . at that price I figure it be no big risk if it turn out to be junk . this setup be better than I anticipate and far better than listen to just the tv . certainly not the best you can do , but at $ 79 buck they be well worth the money . a blue-ray would have be nice , but again , be only talk about 79 dollar . I be sure most ht\/audio enthusiast would thumb they nose at this product , but that same person would be ready to spend much more $ $ $ for a better setup .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the sound on this system be really fantastic for the price , but I have have the same experience as the other reviewer . the dvd skip constantly , and Phillips be absolutely no help in fix the problem . Amazon have be great and have offer to give a 50 % credit , but Phillips insist that I send -lrb- at my own expense -rrb- the machine to they and then wait 4 + week to have a ` possibly ' refurbish unit . I be quite disappointed with Phillips and its lack of customer service .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I order this system because I want to put new speaker on my exist surround sound system . read the review on Amazon , I expect the subwoofer to be weak -lrb- it be -rrb- , but I expect the speaker to be good to excellent . they be fair . this be actually the first item in my multi-year history as a Amazon shopper that I be go to the trouble to return . the speaker system I order for my computer sound better . if you just need a cheap system that be better than the speaker on you tv , this might be good for you . otherwise , shop around and maybe spend just a little more .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be one of the best electronic purchase I have make since my Smart Tv !! this be a great system . for a little over $ 300 , it really sound amazing . I be very happy with it . I also purchase the speaker stand which make the product really stand out and look classy . I love it !! highly recommend it !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	well come from a 27 inch bulky tv with horrible sound this be quite the step up . its very easy to set up probably a hour in total from unpack it to post sound test with the mic calibrator . its very light weight and seem to kick but the sub woofer can take so much , the 1000 watt be nice but can overload the speaker if you try to really crank it I have it in a fairly small room its full and vibrant , but I think in a living room situation a better selection may be need . i have the Samsung 720p 42 inch plasma for around $ 500 and aps3 for $ 300 and this sound system for $ 300 so over all im love a great cinematic experience for under $ 1200 , but mind you you get what you pay for I be sure to get the best you would have to double that figure . overall a great buy for the price shipping be probably around 10 day
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the system be all you would expect from bose , so I will not repeat all the accolade here . the elegant on-screen interface be terrific as it recognize every media form out there from Wii to AppleTv , Blu-Ray to VCR . BUT it do not recognize ... a ipod ? in order to listen to you ipod through the system , you be require to open the front panel of the bose control console and plug in red\/white rca jack from you ipod in order to `` fool '' the system in to play you music . even a bose ipod dock that plug right in to a mere Wave Radio will not work here . no , if you want a Bose Home Theater system that recognize you mp3 player , you 'll just have to cough up a extra $ 500 to $ 1200 for a v25 or v35 system . it be a bit frustrating to plug in you appletv and have the system read `` appletv '' only to then plug in you -lrb- esoteric , I guess -rrb- ipod and you $ 2000 sound system do not respond . Ugh .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the title say it all ! this system be the perfect choice for a great movie experience while lay in bed . the quality of sound be superb and quite honestly I would have not expect the quality from a standard set up from Sony . this system could quite possibly be the basis for a `` e '' setup . my only gripe , which be the reason I give it 4 star vs. 5 , be that disc eject and disc swap take a unusually long amount of time . my old 5 disc carousel swap disc out quicker than this model . great package though ! do yourself a favor and skip the davc500 model and get this one !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this unit as a way to combine basic surround sound with a dvd player . it work very well as a dvd and play mp3 and cd 's very well , except for the annoying hiss from the rear speaker in any mode except dvd . the unit also have AM\/FM reciever with huge number of pre-set in both mode . unfortunately , the antennae enclose do not do even a decent job . -lrb- I get better reception on a $ 5.00 clock-radio . -rrb- Works very well as a entry level dvd\/surround sound unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be how a movie experience should be , and for such a small price . Easy to install , easy to operate , and the sound be magnificant . try watch Gladiator on this thing , and you 'll think you be in the middle of the fight ... or sink with the Titanic .  all this in a very sexy box . one thing to watch for , the speaker have 5mm thread , so you 'll need to make sure to buy the correct size bracket if you want to hang the speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be my first home theater system so I can not really make a justified comparison with other system but as far as I can hear , the sound quality be very good , the thumping of the bass mixed very well with the satellite ... the additional feature , include Dolby pro Logic 2 that be still rare in this price range , be exceptional ... I do not know why people be complain about the remote control , I think the button be intuitively place and if you be like most people that 90 % use you rc to change channel and access menu , chance be in a month or so you would remember where the button be -lrb- and this also eliminate the complaint that say there be no control button on the dvd\/receiver it self ... let 's be honest nobody really get out of they couch to tamper with those button ... very few of we do -rrb-  now the bad ... the sound output be limit to headphone plug ... and all the bad review that this system get ... in all the site that contain this system 's review almost 50 % complaint about fault within the first warranty year ... and the fact that you can not find ANY information on this system on Samsung website be a definite sign that this system be troublesome -lrb- it be a new system , while samsung have some older system still be support on they site -rrb- ... luckily so far I have no problem at all with my system  so I guess when you decide to buy this system , even though it be a very good one for the price , in the end you really have to ask yourself if you be feel lucky : - -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have read the review first . the surround sound set up pretty easy , but when I go to turn on the sound , two of the speaker make a high pitched noise , like a tea kettle , the whole time . I do not matter what the volume , the noise be always there . I can not return the item or have it repair ; simply stick with this home theater . I hate it and as I read the review now , this irritating noise be all too common . excitement turn into a frustrating ordeal that end in disappointment . you get what you pay for ... Buyer beware
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	all speaker be good to great with the exception of the sub , which really do not hit those low low that shake the room like a real theater . however , the price be a steal , if you pay 400 or less . Mine be on sale to draw people in to buy new tv , and it work ! $ 300 at Future Shop in Canada , own by best buy , I think . I could not resist , and definitely be happy . Denon and Sherwood have receiver -lrb- 5.1 -rrb- that can be find around 180 - 250 , so a theater for about $ 500 -lrb- and tax -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just purchase the theater system on Dec. 02,00 . it be easy to hook up and quite a good system for the price . but 32 day later , in the middle of a movie I lose my subwoofer . it seem for some reason the sub would work , only when the center channel be off . ITS BEEN in the shop since . we will see how it hold up when I get it back .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I love the quality of sound and clarity . the problem I have be the dvd player crash only 6 month after purchase . I have read that many people have have the same problem , how about a recall ? all the equipment I have be Samsung , tv dvd . dvdr rom , no problem with anthing else .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	terrible , terrible terrible ! please do not give rca you money . this thing freeze multiple time during playback -lrb- and it be not the disc , we have put brand new disc in with the same result -rrb- . when I call they help line , they act like they know it be a problem , but require a receipt for I to send it in for repair\/exchange . since I buy it online , I do not have that and now I be stick with some nice speaker , but a worthless player . plus , the speaker have the bare wire plug-in -lrb- push down on the spring load button and insert the wire to connect -rrb- and it do not seem that many system even use that anymore . Stay away ! far , far away !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Works great ! have not test a 3d movie yet , but the sound be amazing . Easy to hook up . the s-air really work without a glich . go great with my Sony setup : xbr60lx900 3d hdtv with active shutter glass and the PS3 -lrb- to include 3D gaming - wipeout hd be awesome ! -rrb- . it have two hdmus input and one hdmus output , perfect for I - PS3 and DirecTV box connect to the ht , then the ht connect to the tv . now the only slight problem be that the device be a bit slow to remote command when switch input , e.i. hdmi1 , hdmi2 , FM Tuner , BD player ... and to the menu -lrb- PS3 type -rrb- . other than that ... simply amazing !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	great system . nice sound . beautiful design . Plays all format you need . Great for play cdr record on my computer -lrb- mp3 , vcd , etc -rrb- . for $ 419 it definetely give you much more than can be expect for this price . this system be all you need for a family room . thank you Panasonic .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you be look for a entry level speaker\/home theater setup , buy these . you will not be disappoint . clean crisp sound at a great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a nice system I buy this back in 1\/2003 it come with a 27in tv also . nice sound to it . but if someone be sell a 2002 unit for $ 175.00 use I would have secong thought because it be way over price you can find something new and only have to add 50.00 more buck .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be spoil all my life with my parent THX home theater system and digital projector , and when I move out , although I didd not have enough money to afford $ 10,000 worth of equipment I still want a home theater setup . this apex unit catch my eye because of its feature set and low price - I be not expect much . suprisingly enough , this little puppy really perform ! that not to say that its a substitute for a full on home theater setup , but if you be on a tight budget and still want to watch you movie in 5.1 this be the way to go .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have not fully test out the home theater system yet but , from what I do play with the sound and option be pretty cool . if I have more time later I will update this with more comment .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love this stereo . I be look for a small powerful stereo with a CD changer and the ability to connect a auxilliary audio source -lrb- XM MyFi -rrb- . the speaker have to be small enough to fit on my desktop and not look silly . I go to best buy and compare what they have in stock , and settle on this one , simply because it meet all of my criterion , plus the speaker have 3 separate driver - 4 '' woofer , 2-3\/8 '' mid , 1 '' ceramic tweeter . also , it can play virtually every format of music , which be great because I download ton of song and I hate have to convert they to . wav file from . mp3 . also , it can play dvd-audio and hdcd disc , both of which I have many of . plus , it can play dvd-video , and it have component video out , which I find amazing on such a small multi-tasking unit . I will probably never hook it up to a tv , but if I do , it be nice to know that I have that option . I manage to get it for $ 249.99 , which accord to some of the review I have read , be a steal at best buy . setup be a breeze - everything be color-code - and I be up and run in about 5 minute . the speaker fit perfectly on the desktop , and actually the wood veneer come pretty close to match the color of my desk . the main unit manage to fit into one of the cabinet in my desk , so all you see be the speaker . I be quite surprised at how good it sound . the high be exceptionally clear , which the 1 '' tweeter have alot to do with , and the bass be powerful and rich , which be amazing for 4 '' driver . I listen to a wide variety of music , from country to metal to techno to clasical , and everything in between , and I have spend the better part of 2 week play around with different cd to see if I could find a flaw in the sound . I still have not . I think the techno\/trance music be a especially good test for the speaker , because there be so much go on and all three driver be be test . so far , it sound amazing . the amp have yet to fade out at all with extended bass line or extremely hard bass hit . I have see a few negative comment on the bass output . I just do not get where those comment be come from . they must be people who like bass-heavy music and not true-sounding music . from my perspective , the music sound just the way it be intend to sound . however , if you be a bass-nut , the unit offer a sub pre-out , which be simply amazing on such a small unit . I do not think a external sub be need at all , but maybe somebody do . now , I say in the title that you must buy it for what it be intend . what I mean be that you should not buy this as a main home theater receiver . you will be very disappointed . I have a thx ultra2 certified onkyo and very high-end speaker for that purpose , and I would never recommend anything less . however , if you be like I , and look for a desktop or shelf system that sound great and maintain a small size , then this be perfect . also , I can see how I would have love to have this when I first go to college . small size , powerful sound , the ability to be a dvd player , all at a relatively cheap price . Perfect for any dorm room . I remember there be people who have Aiwa shelf system that be twice as expensive and twice and large that produce half the sound quality , and they still have to have a separate dvd player . I recommend this to anybody whose need match the criterion I have lay out . I could not be happier . if you want a home theater system , do yourself a favor and buy the best receiver and speaker combo you can afford , not a mini shelf system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this home theater system be horrible . it produce a small band at the top of the picture that be blue in color and affect every scene . furthermore , when you power the unit down , then go back to the dvd that be already load , the unit play from the beginning and not from where you last leave off from .  do not waste you money . Stick with the Sony dream System line .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	to the gentleman , who be use this overseas . on region 4 ... i be sure you can get someone to change you region code . for you location . if you cant , the imformation be on google . I cant tell you where for obious reason ... option 2 purchase a all region dvd player , yeah i know its a pain ... ! May i recommend the pioneer dvd player model 383 . available on amazon u.s.a. ... good luck i hope this help ... I dont own this model , but use a high end dvd recorder by phillp .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Onkyo have long be make easily the best home theater in a box system below five hundred dollar ... easily blow away the Sonys , Panasonics , and especially the hideously overpriced bose system . just remember a couple of thing : 1 . you get what you pay for . this system be great for movie , but not great for music , which be much more demand of better speaker . well what do you expect for this price ? 2 . the speaker be not satellite . they 'll produce far better sound than those ridiculous little bose satellite or the tiny tall skinny Panasonic tower , but that be because they be in real speaker size . not as huge as really good audiophile grade speaker , but not tiny little cube either . hey , it be simple physics . 3 . Onkyo be famous for its ease of use and solid build quality , which make this a ideal entry-level mass-market setup in term of quality-to-value raio . personally I think you could do better buy a separate receiver and a separate speaker system , for a couple hundred dollar more . or you could actually stay within the same price range if you buy a refurbish receiver , for instance go to ecost dot com and look at they Onkyo 502 for under two hundred dollar then buy the Yamaha NS-P436 Digital HomeTheater Speaker package from plasma bay dot com for two hundred fifty dollar .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	first , let I start by say ; I seldom review product online . I really enjoy have good feedback from other before purchase this product and think it be a good idea to provide similar information for other . the good : - nice system out of the box . clean appearance , ample connection for most home theater setup -lrb- remember , you no longer need a hdmus for the bluray player as it be build in -rrb- . - extremely simple to setup . probably the most `` plug-and-play '' system I have ever see ... right down to the speaker connection . - rear channel wireless speaker . okay , I know ... they encode\/decode and sound quality be lose , they have a limited range , they still have wire -lrb- from rear receiver to speaker -rrb- ... but still ... worth it . I live in a ranch house and have use these at both end of the house -lrb- about 55ft from the receiver -rrb- and the sound be still pretty good . I like these speaker mostly because we entertain a great deal . this provide we the flexibility to connect a ipod and listen in both the living room and kitchen . then on movie night , they return to the living room . just a add bonus to a system like this . the Bad : - proprietary speaker connection , so forget about swap out Sony speaker with a better ... say ... center channel speaker . what you get in the box be the one you have to use . - small sound ... relatively . Let 's face it ; while bigger be not always better ... in the speaker world be do make a difference . I be no audiophile , but this system will leave you want if you be look for uniform low across the whole field . all bass originate in the subwoofer and the other speaker sound a bit under-powered , cover only the high and high-mid range of the spectrum . now the caveat : if this system be for watch bluray and tv on a casual basis , it be a very solid system . if you watch a movie a night and really like to immerse yourself in sound ... you should be think component system . overall , I would recommend this system to anyone who be look for the versatility of a wireless compatible htib . I enjoy that the whole setup take no more than 10 minute and that the overall picture and sound quality be on the higher end -lrb- for what it be -rrb- . it will never compete with a purpose build custom system . if that be what you be look for , this be not a substitute . if you be goal be to purchase a solid htib with wireless rear channel , this product be a great choice .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have buy and return three of these unit now . each one have be defective , and finally I just give up on return the system . the dvd player constantly give `` bad Disc '' error and skip if there be even the slightest smudge on a disc . the sound quality be very nice for the price , but since the player do not work , it be essentially useless . this be a complete rip-off at any price point .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be God himself . Make no distinction about it . I have hear from many so call `` Audiophiles '' -lrb- basically a bunch of loser who think earth shatter bass and big ball be all there be to life -rrb- that bose product be a waste , they be useless , they be over price , blum , blum blum and the work . that be until i enter the Bose Store in Uptown , Bangalore , with my Pink Floyd dvd . once it start play `` shine on you crazy diamond '' , time stand still . believe I . no one move for another 6 min , and that be the power of bose , my friend . it be just different . it be just too good . it make a clear distinction between hard bass , and depth bass . you get clarity and the depth of music be amazing . this be for the true connosiuer of music . audiophile include . i suggest life isnt complete without a bose . when u die , eventually , u will carry the musical tone in ur immortal journey to another world . p : listen to Cafe Del Mar Vol .7 and Buddha Bar VOL 4 cd1 , when it be rain and be cold outside . u will experience bliss . u will experience a high that will put crack and extacy to shame . this be life . this be why we all live . eventually help ur soul get liberate , by the bose . Jesus be not do it man . bose do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this unit from Amazon about 6 month ago . I must admit , this be a very stylish system with very low profile . the dvd player itself be very very slim . it be wider than normal component though . sound be pretty decent . I have not have any problem with the sound . some folk have complain about the subwoofer be weak . but in my setup it be deliver robust and rich bass . I think this unit be not mean to be in a very big room . in small room sound be great . the remote feel flimsy . I be scared one day may 20 month old daughter be go to break it and my system will be unusable . sometimes the button need to be press hard . and since there be no indicator lead on the remote , you can not tell if the button get press or not . little annoying . it do not play dvd-rw or dvd + rw . I think this day and age all dvd player need to handle the above format .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	we have this system for 5 year with not a lot of usage on it and it finally break . the interface between the remote control and the main unit stop work . I have try new battery and none of the function on the remote work . out of all the japanese brand electronics I own at home , Panasonic have the least reliability and quality . I have never have any problem with my Sony , Toshiba , Sharp and Sanyo electronics . in the last 8 year , my Panasonic VCR break , the DVD\/VCR Home Theater break , and my 50 disc Stereo Changer break . all of the other japanese Electronics in the household be still functional . my last Panasonic finally break and I will no longer purchase another Panasonic ever again .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase the Sony Bravia when I buy the 55 '' Bravia TV . I absolutely love it . I hook it up myself with a little help from Sony tech support which I must say they have awesome techy !!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	pro - when it work : - great sound - lot of functionality - good look - be connect : internet radio , automatic firmware upgrade download , online user forum -lrb- see below -rrb- con : - dvd door stick open , will not read dvd at all - if it do read a dvd , it crash 1\/2 to 2\/3 of the way through it - unable to stream video from the pc over 1.2 mbp bitrate , mean you can not stream dvd quality movie at all - streaming of content at any bitrate , from pc or web , periodically crash and require system reboot -lrb- especially annoying when use the internet radio during a dance party ... -rrb- - System will not play through multiple disc in sequence nor will it shuffle across disc - occasionally system will not play disc at all and need to be reset -lrb- unplug power for 30 seconds , then reconnect hold standby button push down -rrb- my unit have be at the authorized service center for 4 month now , wait for a new motherboard - it be backorder , and Philips will not tell the service center or I how long it will take . I have call Philips several time : each time they promise someone in Consumer Relations will call back , but no-one ever have . some of the issue may be solve in future firmware upgrade , but the company do not publish what will be include nor when it will be available . for more information on user ' experience with this system , check out the online forum accessible through Philips ' website . you 'll see the issue I outline above be common to this model - mine be not a isolate case ! on balance , I would have shop around more before buy . if I could start again , would settle on a more robust pure home theater system together with a dedicated streaming media device .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not know why so many people have issue with this system . it still work excellent to this day , I have a optical audio setup with my xbox slim and hd sony and they all work beautifully in concert . the subwoofer be powerful and the speaker be also pretty powerful . there have be no issue with the disc ejection system at all .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I wait a while to get another home theater . the only problem I have with this system be that the sound be not as powerful as I want . the sound be very clear and , after some adjust with the tv set up , the picture be very clear . Cruthfield be a amazing place to deal with . they be fast and if you have a problem they will guide you over the phone have deal with they before . nice look system and if you want some more power add a eq and amp .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this Home Theatre System by Sony be a great deal . it cost less than $ 200 for a 420 watt system that have the Sony brand name on it . the sound be very clear and the reciever be powerful . there be problem with it however , the reciever des not have enough input , both digital and analog . I be also unimpressed with the remote . I dislike it because it only work with Sony electronics . that be oviously a marketing ploy but I wish they didnt do that . despite tose problem , this be a good , solid and inexpensive home Theatre System and I would recomend it if you can not afford a $ 2000 high-end system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the only reason I do not purchase the scht-80 be because it would not read audio cd-r 's . I wait for the the scht-70 and have have it for a week , its a fantastic compact system with the same feature as the scht-80 plus the ability to play cd-r 's . dt support be a bit confusing because some advertising I read say it support DTS however in the manual it state it do not , and I have not have any dvd 's with dt to test it . its not a problem as the Dolby Digital sound be amazing consider the size of the speaker . there be not much difference in the SFC -lrb- Sound Field Control -rrb- setting as a reviewer of the scht-80 find and the speaker be still hard wire but with plenty of length to get to the back of the room . overall a terrific system that I would recommend to anyone , well do Panasonic .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a good product for the price , however the first one that we receive do not work properly . the music\/sound effect come through really loud and the dialogue come through soft . it be impossible to get a balance that would allow we to watch a dvd . the sound and picture also do not match up while use the dvd player . we be able to return it , and the second one work much better . it be not a $ 500 system , but then again , we do not pay for a $ 500 system . it also look nicer than the picture show here .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this be a combo dvd\/vcr unit and if it be not for the dvd player that do not work i would give it four star . apparently the dvd player have software issue and magnavox\/phillips be aware of they but continue to sell the product . the manufacturer have a one year exchange warranty but then you have to deal with ship the thing across the country and at you own cost by the way . consider how heavy it be you may be better off buy a different model from a manufacturer who care about quality control and customer satisfaction . but if you want to take you chance i love the a\/v input in the front and the sound be pretty good .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	after about two year the player destroy a new dvd . the changer mess up and will not eject the other disk in the player . after it be take apart and the other disk remove my dad find that a small mod will make it a single disk player but still usable . still have great sound but only a single disk player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	get this audio system for you television and you have instant home theater ! it come with a high quality dvd Player and a subwoofer so you have everything you need for a home theater system . it be extremely easy to hook up . three of the speaker have screw terminal which be a much better connection . at 550 watt it be really powerful . this be a great value !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a little dd , I finally decide to purchase this system . boy be I happy I do . the sound quality be incredible , and even though I be unable to put the rear speaker behind for the full surround sound experience , I be quite pleased with what this system be capable of . there be numerous input so you can hook-up you vcr , dvd , playstation , gamecube , etc. . there be nothing like play Grand theft auto and actually feel each bullet from the subwoofer . with the click of a button , I can change the receiver from my shoot-em-up game to a nice evening of classical music . when you can sit there and actually hear the faint `` ding '' of the triangle in the background , you know you have a great sound system .  item to note : 1 -rrb- this system come with a dvd player .  2 -rrb- the subwoofer be fairly large , but on many other system this be the case . it require a separate power source .  3 -rrb- the dvd player play dvd 's -lrb- of course -rrb- , cd 's , and mp3 's .  4 -rrb- the setup be fairly easy . there be different color of cable wire for the rear speaker , the front speaker , and the center speaker .  5 -rrb- there be two remote -lrb- one for the dvd player , and one for the receiver -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the system work well for the first two week or so ; after the return deadline expire , it start skip while play my ipod . that problem have grow and include the FM radio , too . I wish it malfunction earlier ... kind of upset that the return be not go to get much of my money back .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	hus i dont have the product but im really interst on buy one , so i would like to know if anybody can tell I if the dvd be a multi-zone dvd or if be not . thanks for you time
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a steal at $ 199.00 . I purchase this system as a gift for my mom . this be a awesome system for someone who want surround sound but do not want a sub woofer that be go to rattle the wall . I can not believe the clear and well balanced sound that come out of the speaker . we hook up a dvd player and dish receiver to the system . if you use a optical cord , you do not have to switch the receiver back and forth to the dvd player and dish receiver . the switch be automatically do . all and all if you look for a excellent system and do not want to spend a lot of money , this be the one to get !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I pick up the Samsung HT-P38 System from Circuit City and do not regret purchase it . after day of research for different high-end home theater system , most of which be in the category of more bang for you buck . I find this 800w 5.1 ch . ht which I think would be the perfect set up for my bedroom . First off , I be alittle frustrate by install the speaker . it get so out of place so time because the line be so long and there 6 of they all of which be stick within the back of my tv shelf so you can imagine it be a complete mess in there . I think the audio quality be fantastic and the amount of power it have for the low cost . it be a nice , clean sound system . the center be strong , the subwoofer be average but that okay if this be in you bedroom or a small living room , the front speaker be mighty powerful and the backend speaker provide fantastic sound effect -lrb- lotr for example be heavinly when play on this ht -rrb- . all in all , excellent sound quality , no complaint here . I be not expect much out of the quality but I do pick myself up some high quality component cable -lrb- the best for any ht -rrb- at the price of $ 40 at Circuit City and I watch on a 27 ' Samsung Widescreen HDTV . the dvd player be indeed progressive scan , I would not say the quality be terrific but all the color be in place and be very satisfied . I have yet to watch more then a few movie but so far so good , a solid 5-disc dvd player . the style be one of the high point of this ht . the main system itself be verystylish when turn on . it be have a nice blue light out of the button shaft and just look great , even better when I have guest over . the subwoofer have a sexy but original look to it , it look absolutely picture perfect with my Samsung Widescreen HDTV . the speaker look very simple but they be more then meet the eye . they have a hole in the back specifically make so you can nail it on to a wall so you do not need to waste $ 15 + dollar on a speaker mount . all in all , for the power , the clear and rich sound , the crisp image , and stylish look there be not much to complain about other then set it up . so if you in the market for a good all around system at the right price , the Samsung ht-p38 be you best buy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this home theater its great , have awesome sound quality and very easy to setup , remote very small and handy , System it be easy to use , great Deal
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this in early 2003 . dvd drawer will only open with the remote . now half of the remote function will not work and there be no other way to access thing . my center speaker stop work -lrb- no dialogue -rrb- . it be not the speaker . but the remote will not work when I try to change the mode to a different output . so be now useless .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I recently purchase a LG LHB335 BluRay all in one surround sound home theater system from best buy . the center and right rear speaker emit a whistle noise that sound like a teapot when boil . not quite that loud , but enough to be a very undesirable noise in a new unit . I take the first one back , bb give I another . same thing . then another . same thing . I have connect it to another location with speaker wiring and a monster power supply and yes , it do the same thing ! I call LG and they say they have no report on this problem , but when a search be conduct , many people be complain . until this issue be resolve , I would suggest not buy this unit ! EDIT -- more detail : the lhb335 have a horrible `` Tea Pot '' whistle noise emit from the center speaker . it also come from the right rear speaker at time . it be so annoying that I take it back to best buy . exchange for another and same thing ! I relocate the unit on a different electrical circuit and that do not help . buy a expensive monster power supply due to best buy recommendation which do NOT help at all . they ask I to try unit # 3 and it also have the same noise ! to make sure that it be not just a building electrical problem , I install it in a friend home . same issue ! I call LG to discuss the problem and they say they have no report of such a problem . that be not true . the internet have many comment regard this speaker noise issue . after talk with some friend , they too have return unit with the same problem . I really like the feature of the lhb335 , but will not buy another one unless LG can assure I that it will be one that do not whistle ! Edit -- even more detail : 2\/24\/2011 -- with all of the positive comment I have see post , especially with claim that the noise have be fix in unit manufacture after June 2010 , I think I 'll try another one for the basement game room . the price have be come down drastically , and no wonder with all the bad pr , so I pick one up for $ 249 from Amazon . I receive the unit in a couple of day , set it up -lrb- I can do it very quickly since I have be through more than a few of these -rrb- make the tweak for input and presto ... no whistle ... however there be no sound at all !!! after turn it off and on a few time the sound begin work . but the sound would quit and then restart after 3-5 seconds . after talk with LG 's deplorable customer service group , they say , `` we have not have any report of that problem , send it to we and we will look at it . '' once again LG display horrible concern for they customer satisfaction ! so it be go back to AMAZON and I will never ever even consider another LG product !!!! so be forewarn ... LG do NOT mean Life be good ... it mean lot of grief !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	boy be I dupe . I search and search to find a surround sound system that be both wireless and affordable , and I would think I would find just the one . I read the description : ` wireless rear speaker ' . ok , I would prefer all the speaker to be wireless , but on a budget I guess I can live with that . so , I make the purchase and it arrive in the mail . I open up the manual to set it up , and I notice not only be there a wire for EVERY speaker , but there be even a additional rear wireless receiver box about the size of a PlayStation 2 that have to either be mount on the wall or place on a shelf , with wire run from it to each rear speaker -lrb- oh , and the receiver have to be near a power outlet , so there be yet another cord you have to deal with -rrb- . this be totally ridiculous ; it be even more obtrusive than if I just have wire run to every corner of the room from the main unit . what be the point ? there be nothing wireless about this system . I have not even test the sound quality , so I can not speak to that . I be just so upset at have be hoodwink into buy a `` wirele '' product that be even more wireful than my previous non-wireless system that I have to submit this review immediately to keep anyone else from make the same mistake . hopefully , I can return this item without too much of a hassle .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	LG be a good manufacturer , and this system be great , but the LG LFD790 - Home theater system can be have , use at least , for at little as $ 150 , so why not ? both produce great bass and balanced sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system continue to blow I away . it have all the power you could want , great sound satellite and a serious subwoofer . the reciever be a great quality piece . I have absolutely to quibble about with this system ; I think it sound as good if not better than system that be double the price . movie be amazing , and music sound great in the Direct , unprocessed mode .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	when I view this product in my local electronics store I initially think that this would be a extremely good buy for the price ... until I get it home and be halfway through my first movie . basically the fan kick in which be extremely noisy -lrb- not forget that this system be not the loudest in relation to volume by any means -rrb- the sporadic fan activation be a real annoyance when you viewing dvd . unfortunately of late it have now start skip \ freezing for a split second when play -lrb- and I do not mean play old dvd , new one fresh out of the box !! -rrb- I have return this item 4 time already , have the laser unit replace , the fan and various other bit and bob that the sale guy be not sure about . I be cautious enough to take out a 5 year guarantee on this model do I think I may be due a few return trip yet !!! unfortunately I be stick with this until JVC deem it `` unfixable '' my advice ... think twice before you buy this unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this speaker set for a buddy . I have my doubt , judge from the price , but my wallet prevail . so far , I be rather blow away by the sound from the small -lrb- 4 ' ? -rrb- speaker . loud and clear , great high , non-muddy bass . really amaze ! now , as to the sub-woofer ... it light , hum , etc , but I be not get sound out of it . it be hook up correctly , so far as I can tell , and I be go to assume the lack of sound be relate to a setting on he home theater system . if we figure this out , and the sub-woofer prove out fine , I would not hesitate to recommend this if 100 watt per channel be enough for you .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	bose  Lifestyle  t20 home theater system -- black  I go to the online site and develop a complaint record use they online system . I do not get any response from there in few day I call up they call center . the person in the call center go through some series of step . . which i have already do myself earlier but to no result . my system be just blinking a red light and have stop work . the person ask if I have buy the system from a reseller or bose directly . there be a whole series of confusion around that which i could not understand . but he tell I that it will take I two week to repair . I say that I have purchase from the Bose Store at Commons Way , Bridgewater and I can reach they . on this he suggest that I just need to carry the console and walk to the place , and they will replace the system . he do not advice I to take my remote with I . when I reach the store , the store tell I that I should have buy my remote with I . I say the person on the phone do not ask I to do that , and they be a complete confusion wherein the store guy tell I that I need to go back and bring the remote . they say that they dont stock this product in display . . meanwhile I keep tell they about my conversation with the phone and they could not understand , I show they the complaint number , and this lead to further confusion . by this time I be completely exhaust , feel frustrated and think why I even buy this at first place . here be the conclusion that I have from this . . 1 . Boss -lrb- bose -rrb- be always right . 2 . in case if you have any confusion , please follow rule 1 . I think the entire way of try to prove that I be wrong . . seem too much for I . I wish I dont have to deal with they . I decide to complain about this whole thing and call up the call center . go through another round of confusion and finally the guy say how can I make you happy . . all i say be . . let I hang up . best Vivek
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this item be a great value for the price . the sound be very clear , and I can only turn it up to 3\/4 before it scare the dog . all-in-all , I feel that I get more than what I pay for . another plus -- the set up be very easy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I must admit that I be frustrate at first with this system . I have a Samsung 46 '' lcd tv and a samsung blu ray player also , so try to put all of this together along with my cable box be no fun . only after call Samsung for assistance be I able to finally configure everything . but once it be all together , I be pleasantly surprise . the sound be amazing . you hear every sound in detail , and the explosion be awesome , especially in action movie . I be also very happy that I purchase this system from amazon when I do , because now it be a $ 100 more than when I purchase it . even so , I would still buy it because it be worth it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	receive a 2 part order in 5 day , nice service . System be easy to install & plenty of speaker wire be supply . put in a surround sound movie & be blow away with fantastic movie Theater sound . excellent product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Works great !!! I have a bigger living room its pretty open sound great I have it connect to my cable box and my xbox 360 it sound great speaker wire be just the right length . you do have to set the level of the speaker to how you like they everytime you turn it on but its simple with the remote -lrb- include -rrb- can not beat it for the price worth every penny = -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	purchase this unit on recommendation of best buy Associate . it do not work right out of the box . Blu ray would not play , pixel would rain down the screen , regular dvd 's would only give error message . instead of replace , LG have I send back for repair , when I receive back from they , only dvd would play , still no blu-ray . be now wait for a Firmware update cd which I have still not receive and my guess be that it will not work . best buy would also not help I at all , because I keep in box past 30 day and so even though product be new they will not exchange either . should have come straight to Amazon . all associate at LG and best buy tell I they be sorry but no real customer service . would not purchase LG product again .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this sound system rock ! I do not want a whole bunch of speaker all around my apartment and so , after search for quite some time , i settle on this two piece system . the bass do blue-ray film justice and after set the center speaker on the bar to 5 and the bass to 0 it work like a charm ! if you crank up the woofer to 3 or 4 the place be go to shake , which be awesome if you own you own home , but not so good if you live in a apartment . I happen to live in a studio and setting 1 on the woofer be perfect for I .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	good price\/quality . the satellite speaker could be in wooden box though . my manual come in German , but as far as I could understand it , I should have get a euro\/scart cable to connect to a tv set , but there be not one . have a lot of different input and that be the Daewoo 's major advantage over the competition . it be the main reason i buy it . a complete Dolby Digital reciver with all the necessary input and output , integrate with a dvd player ! 5x30 w should be enough for a home cinema . Subwoofer have 50 W. Remote control be include , of course .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	all I can say be I have never have a problem with the Sony DAV FX 10 dvd dream system . sound be awesome , dvd work like a dream ! I be glad I purchase it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this unit be not only well design for stylish -lrb- I like the blue light in the night -rrb- but also deliver very solid sound , especially when you play dvd-audio . the name `` compo '' mean it can do virtually all the current format on the planet , and yes it do -lrb- except the MiniDisc -rrb- . and unlike the other lesser model , the 3-way speak be magnetically-shielded , which mean put along the tv set be not a issue at all . the lesser model -lrb- pm19 -rrb- have a 5-line big screen to show you track\/disc information . this one not . but when I connect it to the tv , it have more power to show all relavant information . unbelievable . the japanese model -lrb- sc-pm900dvd -rrb- have a extra which I would like to have , md , and it be world-fastest 6x speed cd to md recording system . it just locate below the mirror screen . however , the price tag in Japan be somewhere between 45000 to 50000 yen -lrb- about $ 450 to 500 -rrb- . consider that , $ 250 msrp in US be a steal ! . the only thing I do not like be the remote control : just way to complicate . I do not know how to operate the 90 % of the command without consult the manual . maybe this be also a good indication that this baby can do a lot , I just do not know how to tell it to do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	-lrb- April , 2006 -rrb- HOME THEATER ? - PANASONIC make garbage ! I buy a similar dvd home Theater Sound System , Panasonic Model SC-HT900 less than three year ago and the sound have go out ! the product have normal use and good care by two fifty-something . Panasonic have a service center over a hour 's drive away . after patronize I as though I be a idiot , the customer `` care '' person on the phone would not offer any break , other than a `` slight discount '' on the purchase of a newer model -lrb- equivalent to a retail sale -rrb- . why would I want to take a risk on the sc-ht 930 when the earlier model go belly-up before its time ? what gall - attempt to capitalize on they fail product ! I have be tell it be not worth the anticipated cost of repair . so after spend $ 500 on a product that look brand new , two year later I have to trash it ? nobody should have to take a absolutely new-looking product to the land fill because the manufacturer 's greed override the ethic of make a quality product . my last surround sound system be a cheap rca ; actually last exactly three year -lrb- longer than the Panasonic -rrb- before it fail . we should not buy product from company that do not take responsibility for they product . I would not even consider buy this without add the cost of the longest extended warranty you can find . as for I , NEVER AGAIN will I buy PANASONIC ! DECEMBER , 2006 UPDATE : some time after I write the above review , I again contact Panasonic , speak to another representative and she seriously consider my situation . she arrange to have the product repair , free , at a central repair center -lrb- I pay ship to ; Panasonic pay return -rrb- . the amp work again , though it still get very hot , so I cool it with a small external fan ; hopefully to preclude another failure . after some month of use , it have not fail - and have have some of my faith in Panasonic restore , I just buy a Panasonic tv . I hope this home theater and other current model be improve version and that this company be learn that old-fashioned customer service pay off in the long run . to conclude , I base my review of the above model on my earlier Model sc-ht900 -lrb- no longer in production -rrb- , which have a amp failure that Panasonic finally repair - although I suspect to original component design specification . I suspect newer model may be improve . but for the initial amp failure , I would give the performance of my system five star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system look very nice and the speaker be nice look , and you get you money worth ! this system be too loud for my apartment at volume 3 and it go over 20 , but I do not will not to become deaf ! this system work great with a hi-fi vcr , but if you have a dvd player go for digital ! also I just order this sytem December 23th at 2:00 pm and get a email confirmation at 9pm that it be ship and free complimentary overnight shipping instead of regular ground ! well I get it today Friday morning ! the box be huge ! the cable length for the sub should have be longer . but overall I be very happy with the system !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	set up be a breeze ; the speaker cable be color code and it take almost no time to get the system set up to hear a dvd . but , if one have poor eyesight or large finger , the very small remote will irritate you . I have two SONY electronic item , and both have a larger remote than for this SONY . set up the speaker be rather straightforward , although the distance one can select be fix multiple . one can , however , increase or decrease the decibel to compensate for each speaker . however , in set up the speaker , the system hit a tone on each speaker in sequence , and if there be a way to stop the sequence , I have not find it .  I have a SONY tv -lrb- wega xbr -rrb- and could not figure out how to get the tv sound through the new speaker . a teenage boy -lrb- neighbor -rrb- give I the clue as how to do so , and change setting in the tv menu and the correct hook up solve that easily . since I have the tv sound through the new speaker , if one be view a dvd and then switch to the tv mode -lrb- from dvd mode to Tuner mode on the system -rrb- , it be the same as stop the dvd so beware -lrb- it be not a pause , it be a stop ! -rrb-  the bottom line be that I be very pleased with the sound and the system be very compact . have a AM\/FM radio also build in will allow for diversity in listen to the system . SONY be offer a lot of value for the money . a slightly larger remote would have allow I to give this five star .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have my unit for 1 month before experience the `` f61 '' many people have see . I call they repair shop back and forth during a period of 4 month and it seem that none of the part that Panasonic send they could fix the unit . to this date , I still can not get Panasonic to send I a refurbish unit . on top of that , I have to drive the unit 97 mile to the nearest repair shop . I would not recommend this product due to the terrible customer service when it come to service the warranty .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	First of all , I would like to say I be not a audiophile . I use to install home theater as well as cable , so I be slightly more advanced than clueless when it come to a\/v . live in Florida , not many home be make to optimize a surround sound system . my home be very open , my living room have peak ceiling , and my entire house have a wood ceiling . I do not want to mess with the wood ceiling and put rear speaker in my home would not be feasible . but , the my stock tv speaker -lrb- along with all stock tv speaker -rrb- be terrible . I want to amp up my sound . know I be not go to have surround sound , and not want to throw down nearly $ 1,000 for a bose 3.2.1 system , I begin look at sound bar . I frequent best buy , HH Gregg , Sears , etc. check out the sound bar . many have wireless sub which I do like . other be setup so all the wire be go through the sound bar itself . again , I do not like that idea . I see this sound bar on the Daily Deal for $ 249.99 . after diving into review , there be two main complaint . First be the system do not produce true surround sound . to I , this should not be in any review . it be a sound bar . of course it do not produce true surround sound . the second complaint have something to do with run a 3d signal through the receiver which require a update that be hard to load . this do not pertain to I because my television nor any of my component be or ever will be 3d . so , I be sell on the review . I like the idea that this unit work have a receiver . all my component would run through the receiver just like any other receiver . I be skeptical about have the sub build into the receiver . I be not a huge fan of component be build into component -lrb- all-in-one htib - when one thing go , you lose everything -rrb- . I will update this review if I have any issue with it . I order the item on Monday with the normal free shipping . it arrive on Wednesday - that be gnarly . set up the system be very easy . it sound great . it 100 % do the job intend of better my tv speaker . movie , television , and video game be much more enjoyable . the music sound amazing . the remote look cheaply make , but it be a remote . the remote have a very simple design which be convenient for the technologically impaired . I be very pleased with this purchase . it sound great . I be stress the fact that I be not a audiophile and that this unit be only intend to compensate for my tv speaker . it go above and beyond what be expect . I hope this help !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the product be good but it could use more feature such as a kareoke set up and different mode of sound . -lcb- concert hall , jazz hall , ect . -rcb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system for a Christmas gift for my family . and I have not be disappoint . the system be easy to set-up and configure . the instruction be clear and efficient . with 650 watt I be not sure what to expect , but this system will rattle you window . I have crank this system way up and still have volume to go . the bass be incredible for such a small speaker -lrb- the speaker box be big though -rrb- . the input option on this system allow I to configure my setup the way that I want it with minimal effort . if you want a system that will give big bang for the buck , go with this one !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have a Sony soundbar -lrb- ss-mct100 -rrb- , a Yamaha soundbar -lrb- yas-71 -rrb- and , now , this Panasonic . the Panasonic be the best of the three . the sound separation be amazing , dialogue be clear and not muffle by sound effect or music . the volume be also superior to the Sony and the Yamaha -lrb- with the Yamaha be superior to the Sony -rrb- . Hookup , to a Vizio 42-inch edge-lit lead , be simplicity itself . as the Vizio do not have a ARC HDMI , I use a optical sound cable -lrb- which come in the box , as do a hdmus cable -rrb- . I be also run a Samsung BluRay dvd and a Roku XD box though it - with the same excellent result . total set-up time : about eight minute . -lrb- and I be no wiz at these thing . -rrb- after program the Panasonic into the Vizio remote -lrb- use code : 31275 -rrb- , I put the Panasonic remote into a drawer . last but by no means least , the Panasonic be considerably slimmer than either the Sony or the Yamaha which mean it do not get in the way of the television 's remote signal receiver . plus , the Panasonic soundbar can be split into two and use as separate speaker on either side of you television -lrb- or hang on the wall either side of the television -rrb- . I pay $ 199.00 , on sale , at Costco .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently purchase this , in the hope of get a nice home theater system without spend the big buck . I be very surprise when I open the box on how good look the unit itself be . installation and setup be a breeze . after hook it all up and pop in my first dvd I be amaze . I have friend who have thousand dollar home theater system , and this one definitely hold its own . I would recommend this unit to anyone in the market for a new home theater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this unit . there be a problem with it over heating and cause a loud poping sound after a couple hour of use . I talk with Panasonic about this and they will not admit to the problem , however , you can find several other people that have have the same problem on the net .  when ask for replacement unit , I be tell that I would have to take it to my local repair center to have a tech look at the unit . this unit be still under warrenty and it be go to take several day for the unit to be repair . no sound or dvd while this take place . I will never buy another Panasonic unit again , to bad because this be the best unit I find on the market . Guess next time I 'll pay the extra money and get a Sony ! at least they care about they customer .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	subwoofer and satellite speaker never work . three call to Vizio support be no help . with all the time I have waste try to get this to work , I could have buy a full price bose system . sorry , have to run and repackage everything to send it back .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this item by amazon deliver in USA . I live in south america . . so , when I have connect to my Sony google tv -lrb- 15 day after -rrb- everything start look perfectly , but then i see that the bass be not work . and still not work .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	very nice system , I think sony 's dream system be as good if not better than the bose for the money .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	well ...  he say that no subwoofer would work on he receiver , even when try out other subwoofer from bestbuy . chance be , he just forget to change the setting on the dvd player itself . yes , the dvd player setting MUST also be set to have a subwoofer output , as well as change the setting on the receiver . i myself have not try this product but do own many aiwa product that have dependably support my listen need . try it out for yourself and see if it really be a defect . chance be , that guy just overlook one of the thing he have to do to get the system work .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I purchase a Samsung HT-DM150 Home Theater System to complement the Samsung 27 '' hdtv I have get for my bedroom sit area . it be a great compact system for a compact room . I would not recommend use it in a large room , but it certainly provide enough power for a small room . the manual be adequate , but could provide a little more detail . connect and configure the system be straightforward and very easy to do . once everything be up and run , I proceed to test the system out . the picture quality through the component cable be exceptional and the sound be clean with little perceptible distortion . the system easily handle the various dvd I throw at it and be able to provide volume level a lot higher than I expect . the remote control leave something to be desire , but most oem remote do . still , the machine be everything I have want and I do not have to shell out a lot of cash to get it so I be very happy and very imporessed with Samsung . unfortunately , my enjoyment of the system do not last long . apparently , the unit run extremely hot and the fan may not provide enough cooling . around 1.5-2 hour into watch dvd , the system refuse to display a picture on the screen . the unit be very hot and the fan apear to have stop . only after I turn the power off and then turn it on again , do I receive a picture . I have read about this issue when research the product , but think it might have be correct . guess I be wrong . the unit I have be not enclose in a cabinet , but lie on a open shelf expose on all four side , so it be not a issue of improper ventillation . I plan to take a look at the fan and see if there be some way I can fix it myself before return it to the store for a replacement or store credit . I hope there be a solution , because frankly , I would hate to have to shell out more cash for a system that do half of what this one do . to sum it all up , for the price , the feature can not be beat . just be aware the unit do run rather hot and you may have some issue with the unit not work . if Samsung address these problem , they 'll have a killer system . so 2 star because of the low power and poor reliability as a result of cooling . if not for the cooling issue , I would give the Samsung ht-dm150 at least 4 star .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it be everything everyone say it be . great sound and work as advertise . some concern with the longevity of the remote . have trouble find code for universal remote .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I didnt KNOW what to expect . IM TELLING you I do NOT NEED ANYTHING more than this . MY ENTIRE APARTMENT be fill with sound . I leave it low most of the Time !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be excite by all the feature offer in this unit for the price , but live with it have leave I feel otherwise .  1 . weak weak weak remote . point directly , push repeatedly , and maybe it 'll work . Buttons be tiny , not light , etc  2 . lowest volume too loud ! how can a product be make like that ?  3 . amplifier dead after 3 month of light use . I be call the company tomorrow , it be get a 1 year warranty , but I be not hopeful . even if they ship a replacement , I do not think I want it ! ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the MX 966 package have a lot of option . I love the reality that it enable I to eliminate my old large bulky speaker -lrb- enough space for two more chair -rrb- , along with my AM\/FM Tuner and Equalizer .  with all the connector in the back , it tie in my dvd changer , CD changer , Cassette Deck , turn Table , satellite system , and VCR while allow I switch to any component from one source .  while watch dvd I be impress with the sound from the `` optical '' audio hook-up . it rock !  with 5 satelite speaker of 100 watt each , I never need to go above # 25 on the volume knob , which go to 50 -lrb- my kid tell I I be hard of hearing -rrb- . the `` powered sub-woofer '' have 100 watt also and be impressive on the low bass noise . it will rattle you window if so desire !  over all , this be a great update to any sound system for this kind of cash !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	impressive home theater system with excellent power . on top of the great sound and quality video it have very stylish design feature that compliment its quality audio and video output !!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this home theater because Denon be a very good brand in sound , but soon after daily use you computer stop respond to remote or front panel , and to solve this be to disconnect the outlet and plug , but so far have make '' they be expose to a return of merchandise because I be not happy with the product , many problem with freezing equipment . he comprado este home theater porque Denon e una muy buena marca en sonido , Pero al poco tiempo de uso a diario el equipo deja de responder al mando a distancium o en su panel frontal , y para resolver ello hay que desconectar de la toma de corriente y volverlo a enchufar , sino estubiera tan lejo hubiese realizado un regreso de mercancia pue no I encuentro contento con el producto , mucho problema con el congelamiento del equipo .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Easy to set up and give great sound ! it be a bit cumbersome to adjust which surround sound setting you want to use , but that have to be due to the low price . very happy with this product !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the product be awesome , no complaint about how it work and sound but be careful , this be not a 100 % wireless system . I think it be from what I read but ... surprise !! you will still have run cable behind you couch !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	save yourself the headcahe , find another system . all movie I have try to view on this sysyem have shut down midway . think that all my movie -lrb- which continue to play on my other dvd player -rrb- be either dirty or scratch , I have buy new movie with the same annoying result . too late for I to return this thing that I buy in 1\/07 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	System work great right out of the box . it have many feature that I do not expect for the price . I use this system as a upgrade in my motorhome .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I do not have any sound problem whatsoever as mention in other review . Easy hook up and the interface be very user friendly . my only gripe be the remote control . instead of individual button -lrb- i.e. '' -- -rrb- '' , '' -lrb- -- '' , `` up '' and `` down '' -rrb- to move around the option , it have one `` square '' type grid pad that be hard to press and manuever . furthermore , surround that `` square '' pad be button that be the same `` height '' -lrb- stick out -rrb- as the square grid pad , as oppose to other button -lrb- i.e. the number button , ff , rew , etc. . -rrb- on the remote that stick out higher . these surround button include `` home '' , `` return '' and `` exit '' which , if not look directly at the remote and with the slightest slip of the hand , one can easily press one of those button by accident and have to start the setting\/entry process again . Hope the above be understandable and helpful . otherwise , a good value and everything else work great ! -lrb- ... so far that be . -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this unit on 10\/23\/04 and it have be in the shop 3 time for the same reason , freezing up while watch dvd 's , read error when try to access dvd 's . Samsung of course inform I that they would extend my warranty for the 3 month be the unit be in the shop more then it be in my living room . now it as take a dump again and they will not do anything about it of course . they should rename the company Crapsung .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this product before Christmas and be amaze by the quality . it be under $ 50 ! I must emphasize I have a very small living room and I do not think this would do much in anything bigger . but if you be look for surround sound for you bedroom or a small living room DO IT !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i first hook it up and test it , it sound a little weak , but i go through the menu and everything be turn down , like the volume for the speaker and subwoofer , once i put it up the sound be amazing , the bass come from the woofer seem like a 100 watt system rather than a 70 . i reccommend this for any room small or large , you will not be dissapointed especially at this price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system about a year ago from cc . before buy this unit i be consider Sony , Panasonic and Samsung , but when i go to the store and listen to the sound that this unit could produce i be sell . i live in a Town House and i have this unit set up in my basement . i have to keep my sub into - ve because anything near `` 0 '' wake up my neighbor . : -rrb- the system get strong base and clear sound . if you can still find this home theater system , i will say dont think just buy it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	of course , like most consumer , I be look for the best possible sound system for the best possible price . as a hobbyist music composer , sound quality have always be of significant importance to I . so , when some friend stay with we and I hook up my monitor headphone to we tv to play some early morning FIFA 12 , I realize how incredibly lack the factory speaker be . off I be to the internet to see what be available and there I find the rca rt151 home Theatre Sound System . pro : - really great value . - decent , clear sound - 80 watt be perfect for we modest living room -lrb- 175sq ft -rrb- inside a Brooklyn 6 family brownstone . - more than enough speaker cable for placement around the room -lrb- can not say how many time in the past I have have to purchase\/splice more wire -rrb- . - audio input on front -lrb- 1\/8 '' AUX -rrb- - awesome for quickly plug in a ipod\/smart phone\/tablet and jam some tune . - remote - you can control the volume of each dimensional channel -lrb- front , rear and subwoofer -rrb- but you can not power up\/down the unit . : -lrb- - Easy installation - each satellite speaker have color coordinate wires\/terminals . - basic rear audio input - -lrb- rca cable -rrb- two source : dvd \/ AUX . - slick , basic aesthetic - personally , the look of this unit do have a lot to do with my sway of this purchase . the surround speaker be simple look and not gawdy like most other similar model on the market . Main unit w \/ subwoofer be simple in design too . it do not look out of place with we other video\/audio component under the tv . con : - if you be look for huge bass , this be not the system . the subwoofer be only a 4 '' cone , so it be not go to shake painting off you wall -lrb- which could be a good thing if you , like I , live in a apartment building ! -rrb- . - no mount on rear of satellite speaker . - can not power on\/off the main unit with remote . - do not work with universal remote . - do not have optical or digital audio in which , IMO , should be more prevelant on device in the current market . rca input signal be suitable , but certainly not what you can get from a digital or optical signal -lrb- obviously if you be a audiophile with supreme quality as you goal , you would be research completely different system -rrb- . something worth mention too be that the first unit I receive be defective . the subwoofer cone wheeze and rattle and be clearly blow . in addition , neither of the front speaker output produce a signal to the speaker . I be guess I receive a poor example of a refurb or the like , but it be frustrate nonetheless . of course , with Amazon 's customer service , I wait a mere two day for the replacement . and now , after about two week of own this system , I be still very satisfied . keep in mind I be not crank tune through this system like I do with my studio monitor . but for watch tv , movie and play video game , this sound system be level above the factory speaker on a hdtv . this system be a great value and a perfect solution for add sound quality to you television .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	hello there , I just buy the product , get it 24 hr ago and already love it , this be my first home theater system , and I watch `` the secretariat '' on Netflix , and the horse race be awesome . I can get some surround sound , I be not a sound perfectionist but for 250 $ , that more than money spend . I get a nice deal . I recommend with 5 star everybody thanks pradeepbill
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	as previous note to Tivo user , this do not work with TIVO 3 series properly -lrb- and maybe other Tivo system -rrb- . when Tivo be connect through HDMI , it have a tendancy to force Tivo to switch to 720p -lrb- even if you specify it to be fix at 1080i in Tivo itself -rrb- . this seem to be a rampant problem with Yamaha receiver and Tivo . I be go to blame this on Tivo as it be do this itself , even when you tell it to fix itself at 1080i . only solution be to go from Tivo to tv and use optical out from tv to receiver . I find the subwoofer to be plenty powerful and offer cinematic bass but the speaker be so tiny have its limit . while the speaker get loud enough there be a lack of fullness to the sound due to the speaker be only 1.5 '' in height . I use to have a onkyo 5.1 system with much larger speaker and there be a noticeable difference . I have to turn it louder to than I usually like to to hear the sound effect . I do not find there be much separation from the sound come from the speaker either . the left and right speaker be less than 30 '' apart and that have something to do with it . I would say I be disappointed but this be not unexpected . it be like date a hot girl only to find the makeup hide she real face and have fake boob . that be say , this be a nice solution for people who want better sound but do not want all the hassle of a true surround system . it will satisfy a lot of people but it will disappoint other . be this system worth it at over $ 300 ? I would say no , but under $ 300 it be a keeper since the receiver\/subwoofer combination be a real space saver . so I intend on keep this . I get a September 2010 build -lrb- this sit long on the shelf unsold ! -rrb- and it already have the 3d pass-through firmware install . 3d pass through on my PS3 fine , although you have to make sure you ps3 be use automatic display output . if you have a tv with hdmus arc , it do not work with the receiver as this model be not arc capable . I would like to note that the receiver itself have leave , center , right speaker wire connection -lrb- no rear surround connection -rrb- . it be possible to hook up separate left , center , and right speaker if you should decide that the soundbar do not meet you need . the receiver itself have setting for this if you should decide to hook up different speaker . I be more than satisfy with the receiver\/woofer but I might replace the sound bar with larger speaker in the future . note that the newer model for this system do have larger left\/right speaker . the newer system also have usb input and headphone output .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the best home theatere system I ever have . better than & quot ; BOSE 3-2-1 & quot ; by far !!! better tan you think ... you can turn it up all the way and the speaker will not blow out !! oh yeah ... this home theatere system be worth . . 5000 !!! Crisp and clear sound ... pro logic ii ... DTS ... Cinima FX technology -lrb- tm -rrb- ... . . and much more !!! THIS be more than a five star HOME THEATERE SYSTEM ... ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just like many other be complain the display stop work a few week before warranty expire . I do not have a chance to call tech support to get it fix and now they will not fix it . I think panasonic make good product and in fact they be on top of my list until now .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I really have high hope for this system . it have good review . the price be right . what could go wrong ? sadly , sound quality can go wrong apparently . I think it be quite possible that I receive a defective unit as the center channel do not produce any audio most of the time and when it do , it make voice sound completely muffle . on the upside , the sub in the unit sound great . it put out some rumble bass and I have to keep it turn down to `` 0 '' or '' +1 '' so as not to totally annoy the neighbor -lrb- love that apartment life -rrb- . I do not experience any of the setup issue that other people mention ; set-up be quick and easy . with all say and do however , I return the unit to Amazon today . pro : Easy set-up hdmus inputs\/output powerful sub con : Center channel sound muffle if it work at all
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	very nice system once you play around and tweak the setting . I buy this to supplement my awful tv speaker . I be a bit annoyed with how high you have to turn the volume up to really hear the roundness of the system . and my biggest problem be the add on speaker Onkyo sks-22x -lrb- center + surround -rrb- I guess this be a problem with Amazon.com not carry the add on speaker . I have be search high and low to locate the add on speaker without luck . and it seem you can only get the add on package from Europe after spend a crazy shipping cost , who want to do that . so I wish Amazon would start supply these add on speaker please . overall not a bad little package for the buck .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this Sony htib to replace my 4 year old JVC htib -lrb- dvd -rrb- . I be look to upgrade to a Blu-Ray player and rear wireless speaker . I only have the system a week , but here be my initial thought . the packaging be very good , which I usually do not comment on . the wire be color code , so speaker setup be easy . I also love how the front speaker hide the wire . I just wish you could upgrade to standard speaker wire . I cant comment on the remote , since I have use a Logitech remote . Blu-Ray quality be awesome ; such a difference from dvd . some of the pro 's : `` Wireless '' speaker work very nicely , 2 hdmus input , ethernet connection -lrb- Netflix , you Tube , etc access -rrb- and the Sony menu\/options . con : slow to boot up . but , that can be adjust for more power consumption . the biggest negative be , even at 1000w it seem a little light on power . I contemplate return the unit . but , the lack of sound be mostly when watch tv . it seem when watch Blu-Ray , play video game , and listen to music its plenty of sound for I . another reason I do not return it be for the wireless speaker . the wireless speaker out there be expensive and have mix review . I would not feel confident they would work . plus , we all know purchase a component system would cost at least double of a htib .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I would be more likely to buy this if I have some more information on it like how many watt per channel it be and if it have a tuner and it it play cd that be burn from a computer so I do not understand how anyone can buy this stereo if they do not really know what they be get .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I purchase this system because it combine a up-converting dvd and hdmus in\/out function . if you be look for a smooth operation out of the box , this set be NOT for you . here be my concern : - cable connection to the speaker have a proprietary type plug on the back of the system . if they length be sufficient , then there be no problem . Troble be if you need you speaker farther away or need to go around the room to get to they . you can not buy the connector anywhere and Samsung only sell they along with the cable and , once again , not for longer run . I have to solder cable to the connector -lrb- after have rip apart the plastic on they -rrb- to be able to get to my back speaker - I use my HDMI in\/out function , connect the tv hd box in and connect out to the tv . this connection never work . I have to revert to connect my tv hd box directly to the tv via HDMI and use component video for the dvd\/home theater set . this be quite annoying because this be one feature I be look for since my hdtv have only one hdmus input . the problem seem to be in the connection of the two hdmus plug on the theater system since I could see my dvd out of that . if you tv have two hdmus input -lrb- as the most recent have -rrb- than you have no problem . - connect the audio from the hd box set via optic cable . this connection sometime loose completely the signal and I have to ` circle ' again through all the input option -lrb- aux1 -rrb- aux2 -rrb- hdmus -rrb- DIGITAL in -rrb- just to get my audio back on . this happen quite often when you switch channel a lot . - sync problem between image and sound : with the digital connection , I seem not to be able to precisely sync the image and sound - remote seem to be `` swallow '' battery power . first set of battery last two week , I then buy rechargeable battery but need to refresh they charge every two week or so . compare with other remote where battery life be at least six month . overall , a economic system that show all he problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	unfortunately I can not recommend this Sony product . 3 speaker -lrb- 2 satellite & 1 subwoofer -rrb- system be design to take up less space than the typical 5.1 home theater system while still deliver a respectable surround sound experience . while the Sony dav-x1 be compact in size , it do a surprisingly poor surround-sound imitation on all audio source with the exception of dvd . audio output from all other source sound flat and be sorely miss the rich , full texture that you expect from a quality audio system . spend a few extra buck and purchase a bose 3.2.1 system , the bose deliver much of the home theater performance of a conventional five-speaker system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	we upgrade we hdtv and blu-ray player , so I decide to upgrade the receiver too , so that it would all be hdmus . I find the Sony , and it seem like a good deal , and it be super skinny , so it fit well into we new tv stand . setup be easy , and the little microphone that let you auto-program speaker distance be very cool . but from the start , the left channel speaker seem very weak , at time nearly silent . and at first , when play a blu-ray , the system would shut down after 10 minute . later , I find out that there be a auto shutoff if the receiver do not detect action . why it can not detect a Sony blu-ray player , I have no idea , but I turn that off , and it seem to fix the problem . sadly , not entirely . I also have a Pioneer pd-f1009 300 CD player that be around 10 year old -lrb- though they still sell this model today -rrb- . it be connect through rca-input . when play cd through the receiver , it may play fine , or it may turn off after a few minute . after you turn it back on , again , it may play fine , or it may turn off in 2 minute , in 30 seconds , in three seconds . after have enough of this , I exchange the unit for a new one . and I still have exactly the same problem . I do not have this problem with the Logitech bluetooth pc music input , just the CD player . Sony 's online tech have never hear of the problem , and only could suggest that I plug the power directly into the wall instead of a power strip . no dice , do not work . otherwise , I love the system . I hope to solve my problem . update to add that I have do a lot of research , and suspect that my stereo be go into `` protect mode , '' due to a possible short in a speaker wire . why this be so random , and why it seem to only happen with the CD player , I have no idea . but I will investigate , and report back my finding . update again to say that YES , it be a short -- apparently in my Radio Shack A\/B\/C speaker switch -- that be cause my problem . I plug the left front speaker wire directly to the speaker -lrb- bypass the switch -rrb- , and the problem have not happen since . so , now I be on a quest for a replacement switch ! but I have upgrade my review to 4 star , and I hope I have help someone who have have a similar problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the worst system ever . I buy a lot and I know what I be talk about . not only be this system garbage , but you also have to pay the shipping to return the product due to the company 's terrible product . DO NOT BUY . DO NOT BUY .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	about four month after buy this product , it quit work . I still get sound , but no picture . Toshiba basically say its out of warranty , call a repair place . the repair place want a minimum of $ 125 with no guarantee they can fix it , they actually advise I to toss it and buy a better one ! so , my Amazon purchase of $ 219 get I viewing of about 10 dvd and now its a - rather crummy - cd player . I think that the speaker be actually pretty poor quality , but figure they would do for movie , I certainly would not listen to quality music on they . these system seem to be fail about 20 % of the time so , if you feel lucky , go ahead and buy , but remember that if you be in the 20 % you be basically out you entire purchase price . I will never buy another Toshiba product , or any other manufacturer that only carry a lousy 90 day warranty .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I research for many week before opt for this product . outstanding sound and when connect to a dt capable dvd player , the sound will blow you away . the number of input make it a great receiver . I have connect all my electronics include my computer to it and the performance be amazing . just one word of advice , do not go for any of those Home theater system that have dvd player build in . they be really bad and I can tell you from personal experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	great system except for one glaring flaw . if you have a Samsung tv and a cable box or satellite box that be not anynet compatible and you use hdmus cable to connect everything , the input source will always default to Digital Input . as a practical matter what this mean be that no matter what remote you use to control the system , you will always have to also grab the Home Theater remote and change the input source . total pain in the rear . see the follow discussion thread on Cnet . Thought a harmony remote might solve the problem but it do not .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the five 2-way satellite speaker be really cool .  if you like movie , then then 50-watt power subwoofer in a front-firing bandpass will be you favorite . all speaker magnetically shield against video interference , so it be easy to find a good location around you living room .  subwoofer feature power switch and level control , plus line-level and speaker-level input , with feed-through to satellite  it be great for entry level .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system because it be highly rate by a consumer group as have excellent sound . they be right - it sound awesome with soundtrack-heavy dvd 's . however , I be go to get rid of it because I already have a extensive home theater system that I do not want to replace , and there be no way to output from this receiver to my current system !! rather , I can output video , but not audio . what kind of idiot at Panasonic decide that no one would want to output audio ? grant , the speaker that come with it be great , and the dialog-enhancement feature make it much easier to hear what the actor be actually say -lrb- you 'll hear dialog that you totally miss at the theater . -rrb- it would be a great system for someone who have nothing else they need to hook up - thus the 4 star . for I , however , it be just a few hookup short of basic utility .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : I get this system to go exclusively with my xbox 360 -lrb- via digital optical output -rrb- and my hdtv , love the fact the package offer 720p ,1080 i up-conversion which be a plus , I have use this unit connected ina Sony Bravia xbr1 40 '' lcd hdtv via hdmus cable and the up-conversion feature work really well , the image be really sharp and noiseless . I be surprised with the sound quality , feature and user-friendly installation -lrb- do myself in 5 minute -rrb- . my unit do not show any sign of noise . Have say that you can not beat the package for $ 340 buck . I have also test the usb with my mp3 player Muvo and work wonderfully , overall I be very satisfied . get it via amazon from jr.com and it arrive in perfect state although it take a week to arrive . con : the receiver\/player be a bit larger when compare with other hti . once I open the manual be not very clear as how to properly use the digital optical output . not a big deal , but the remote control do not come with battery . it could have have a active subwoofer to make it a 10 . I have be use this unit now for almost 2 month . I be really satisfy with my purchase .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	FM tuner be horrible . but by far the biggest problem be that there be essentially ZERO bass when use the input for other device -lrb- ipod , airport express itune streaming , etc. -rrb- and the bass be NOT ADJUSTABLE when use any of these mode . so all other source besides the built-in dvd sound tinny and ridiculous . incredibly poor design .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	great sound , super easy setup , look nice . my recommendation be save the box as long as you can . I do have a problem with the volume indicator light go out right after I throw out the box . I read other people review that have have the same problem also with the light . I do reset they or get they to work again after a post state that you disconnect the power and hold the power button for about a minute . they work for the rest of that day but do not the next time I use it , and be I be unable to get they after that . so I call Vizio explain the problem and I have to send the entire system back , -lrb- not just the bar itself -rrb- , I be lucky to find a large enough box to repack everything in . they send I a prepaid shipping label to send it back via fedex , so I be await the new system and hopefully it will not have the same problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	all as I say in the previous edition of this review -lrb- see below -rrb- except there appear to be no way to hack this system so it can play dvd from other region via its supply remote , a special remote , or a firmware disc . it have to be `` chip '' which could void its warranty . however , this be not Pioneer 's fault . it be require under the CSS lisence issue by the dvd copy and Control Association that manufacturer sell they dvd system set to the region that correspond with the country a dvd player be sell in . some manufacturer believe that as long as they sell it set to the appropriate region , it do not matter what individual do with they player once they be out of the box , therefore they include Easter egg in the firmware . however , other manufacturer believe that Easter egg in the firmware defeat the purpose of the dvd region system , therefore make it impossible for individual to easilly either manually change region or turn on automatic region switching . unfortunately , this just so happen to be the case with this item . however , there be still a way around this . this system be equip with a Coaxial Digital input jack . if you be interested in foreign material , you might want to consider the CyberHome dvd 300 s , available at Amazon for $ 45 . use as short of a coaxial digital cable as possible , connect the CyberHome to the Pioneer . the region hack can be apply to the CyberHome as follow : turn on you tv set to the video input the CyberHome be connect to . turn on the CyberHome . Make sure there be no disc in it . on the CyberHome 's supply remote , type menu 1 9 . Make sure the region number be highlight . repeatedly press enter to select the region of the dvd you plan on watch -lrb- ' 0 ' be not recommend because of the possibility of other country incorperate rce encode on they dvd in the future -rrb- . Press the open\/close -lrb- triangle with a line under it -rrb- on the front pannel of the CyberHome to exit the menu and open the trey . insert you dvd and presto ! for best sound quality , set all the option to ` raw ' on the CyberHome 's ` audio ' setup menu , and where ` raw ' be not a option , set those option to ` PCM . ' now for my review of the Pioneer htd-540dv . after research home-theatre-in-a-box type system since early October , 2004 , I finally decide on this one . I order mine on November 20 , 2004 from  onecall  in addition to the standard audio and video format find on all htib , this be the only one that can play the two new audio format of dvd-audio and sacd . the rest only play one or the other . this be the only htib with a intigrated dvd player on the market whose speaker include large cone for more authentic sound . unless you have very limited space , it be not necessary to spend more than $ 400 on a htib . many of the more expensive one include either gimic such as smaller speaker cone house inside large floor-standing tower only for a nice appearance , or small satelite speaker with smaller cone inside they that can only produce highly authentic sound either through sofisticate electronic circuitry , the use of a extra-large subwoofer , or a combination of the above . there be no cosmetic or electronic gimmic with the Pioneer htd-540dv . the reason it be less expensive be because the real thing be simpler to manufacture than extra-large speaker stand and\/or sofisticate electronic circuitry for special affect . and remember , nothing can truely beat the real thing . this htib be highly recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently purchase a LG LHB335 Blu-Ray all in one surround sound home theater system from Butterfly Video . they have a excellent price and it arrive promptly . it have great sound for the price . it be very easy to set up and have a fabulous array of feature . I have no problem with the teapot whistle speaker issue .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	overall , a nice unit . not as powerful as the wattage would imply . some caveat : - the dvd player itself be quite loud ; during quiet passage of music or movie , it be a bit intrusive - the VCR and dvd unit be slow to respond to the keypress of the base unit or the remote , which be somewhat annoying . - the amplifier smell quite `` hot '' during the first few week , which make I worry about reliability . but I have have this unit for almost 6 month now and have be generally please with the performance and feature , especially for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I be a real Panasonic fan and usually love they product , but if I have my choice again I would buy something else . I be not angry I buy this , but I be sure there be better out there .  I be not a real audiophile , so I do not feel qualify to rate the sound on this system . Suffice to say I have be very happy with that aspect .  the feature , however , leave a lot to be desire .  First , pretend that this be a single-disc player . you can not change a disc while do anything else . you can not change a disc while play another disc , while listen to the radio , you vcr or auxilliary channel . add to that the fact that change from one disc to another take around ten seconds -lrb- easily twice the time I be use to for change disc -rrb- . it also stop after each disc - you can not set it to play all disc through .  second , this be the only cd-player I have see in year that skip regularly . on disc that play fine on all my other cd player , this one skip , stutter and sometimes stop entirely . it seem about as good as the first generation of cd player , back in the late 80 's . I intend to call customer support about this - hopefully this be not normal for this system .  Third , the control be confuse and difficult to use . I be a technical person who usually dive into all the setting on everything , but the control for the various surround mode seem ill-thought-out and generally difficult to commit to memory .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i buy this item and its one of the channel do not work . they say its cheap but they send it defective .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have own this system for a year and I have have no problem with it . I not a audiophile at all but to I it sound phenomenal . its probably a lot more powerful than I need since I live in a small apartment but its better than not have enough power . dvd work and look great . also my wife really like the appearance . my one criticism which be really too small to affect my 5 star rating be the way the disc load mechanism work . it take a while to eject and load each of the 5 disc . I have not time it but it seem to take longer than what you be use to -lrb- 6 or 7 seconds maybe -rrb- . although it be a small thing , when you be try to quickly find a disc in one of the 5 tray its a little annoying .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have a little trouble hook it up to the television . I have to call tech support a we get it hook up to my direct tv cable box a it work just fine ! clear sound a everything .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just get this system and the sound quality really be great , especially for the price . its one of the few system in this price range to have digital optical input , which be necessary if you be connect certain component for dolby digital suround like a x-box . although there be a setting call `` Prologic '' , I be not sure that it actually have a prologic decoder since the manual only say that it give out prologic sound if hook up to a prologic receiver . I be only give it four rather than five star because I have notice that sometimes it will read no disc when there be a disc there so it have to be eject and restart . otherwise , its really a nice system . Update - 11\/29\/04 - my system die like many other reviewer . ca not recommend for that reason .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	downsize from separate Sony receiver and bose acoustimass speaker , and be please with sound quality . the bass be pretty surprising for a small system . Quality of picture be very good , even though the tv only have 720p \/ 1080i component input . Wifi be easy , and the auto-calibrate work reasonably well to get the setting in the ball park . I 'll probably manually touch-up the level a bit for the surround speaker . remote be a little confusing , but I 'll get use to it . will try the Ipod input next
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this thing have be great ! I have own it for over a year and a half . I love the quality and the small size . no noisy fan or any negative . usb host be great . can even hook a usb external hd to this thing . have not use hdmus yet but it be great to have for when I upgrade to a flat panel . overall I have no complaint ... the 1000 Watts be a little of a overstatement but it be plenty loud enough for home application .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be exactly what i want . though it be not large , the sound be great and the wireless woofer with side speaker leave my room uncluttered . I be very pleased and would highly recommend to other . I also like the remote be small and simple with adjustment button hide .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	first , these speaker need a break-in period . with the 3-5 hour a day my tv be on in-between the whole family , it take about 2 week . the lower mid 's come from the satellite become much fuller . the high have also lose they harshness . most people may never notice these thing but I have be do higher end audio for a long time and little thing do not get past I . for the price these be some of the best speaker I have ever hear . I would highly recommend these . if you be look for the under $ 1000 budget this be the best thing I have find . this will kill all the bose system out there -lrb- which be a horrible speaker anyway , but it be a lot of people people idea of what be good -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	can not find any tech datum for this item ? can not rate this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	could not get the theater to hook up with my network after hour of attempt . Sony 's theater hook up to my network flawlessly , everything do within one hour . I send the Samysung back .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have to say that these speaker be awesome ! I originally have Sony BDV-E570 Blu Ray Home theater system , and I think I have good sound . then I ask a home theater installer what the difference be between use a power sub and a avr versus what I have . he answer , `` night and day '' . I research speaker and choose this set , and a Yamaha AVR . after tuning the speaker with the Equalizer and YPAO , I have to say that my home theater sound be up there with the movie . in a word - awesome ! the bass be amazing and the clarity , outstanding . I could not be happier with these speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be a complaint about the Panasonic sc-ht733 home theater system . this system repeatedly shut itself off for no apparent reason . Panasonic have I take it twice to a local electronic store under warranty but they be unable to fix it . I ultimately return it through the merchant and buy another brand . I will never buy any Panasonic product again , not because it be defective , but because of the way Panasonic address the problem . it be a big problem to disconnect everything and take it in while they perform trial and error . Panasonic should have just replace it . I do not like the attitude of anyone I speak with there . I also be not even able to complain directly to the company . on the phone they give I a case number and never follow up . a online feedback form do not work . I be through with this company .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this have 2.1 speaker with a optical input and a hdmus input that will work with you typical hdtv . even better , the subwoofer include a receiver build into it , which be why this compact system will work right out of the box . and that also mean far fewer cable go every which way too . it have analog input too , if need . the sound be very good though as other point out the satellite be the weakest part of the whole system . there be a adjustable graphic equalizer to make the most of the system 's ability however . all in all I be very happy with it . if you want really loud booming sound that shake the room ? not the system for you . you 'll need to spend more .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I think these thing be incredible for the price . it be extremely easy to set up , and they sound great . my room be set up kind of strange and the cord length of the front three speaker be barely long enough to put they where I want they to go . the back cord be more than long enough though . great sound for a great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this htib since since for four month and it have vastly improve my home theater & music situation over a much bigger older Sony unit . first the bad , cause if you interested in buy it you want to know that first . the only real inconvenience be the remote . there be too many button on it , which sound dumb , but there really be a lot of odd , yet valuable function the button name do not really describe they well , and it can be overwhelming to some . the remote cease work about a month after I get it except for a blinking light when I press button , none of the function work , which be also a problem becaus there be few control on the unit itself . I be very angry for a week or so , then I finally call Samsung customer support . the rep be knowledgeable and tell I how to ` reset ' the remote . lastly , the remote do not control GE brand television : -lrb- the speaker have some weird proprietary connection , and you can only use the wire that come with it . when I first set up the unit , the rear speaker be not work . I check out the manual and do something with a button to establish the connection , and it have be fine ever since . that say , I think it rock . the main reason be the wireless rear speaker . the other be that it have AM\/FM tunerplay cds\/mp3 files\/jpg files\/dixv movie and have direct usb input on the face , though I have not use it . be able to play divx movie allow you to play movie that previously could be limit to the pc . I have burn a couple of divx movie to CD -lrb- not dvd -rrb- , and they will play in this machine , though I be not able to use the fastforward function on it . when you insert a disc full of JPG photo or image , it play the image without you do anything , or you can skip around , browse in a menu , whatever . it also show the filename of the image on the front display . you can also open the disc tray to change disc without stop what be playing . I have find the sound to be more than adequate , and no scratchy bass or noticeable noise . it fill my med . size living room with sound or most any part of my house when I turn it up . there be several sound preset for different program . the unit be also kind of attractive and the speaker be not obtrusive . the manual be generally helpful , though there be so many extra on this machine it can be difficult to find what you be look for . I notice that one reviewer do not like the receiver , or feel mislead about the wireless rear speaker . the unit keep you from snake wire across the living room , but the rear be plug into a receiver\/amplifier , which must be plug into a wall . I consider this a vast improvement , and I hope too many people be not sway by that review . if speaker be completely wireless , they would have build in reciever and be power by battery or solar or dilithium crystal . in short , they would be space-age , and you could not afford they . I give it a large thumb up , with no major flaw . Update : I have have the unit for about 3.5 year now , and I have notice that it do not have a shuffle function , which I miss . the bass be not as impressive as I use to think it be , though I think the unit sound the same . and in the last few month , it have develop a glitch where sometimes when I use the power button on the unit it will switch function instead of power down . usually if I press it a few time , it eventually power down .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love my sl speaker . make my home theater experience phenominal . the subwoofer be the size of a small cabinet . everything be crisp and clear . I work with sl speaker in the past and love em . high mid and low be very nice . consider how much I pay , I could have buy system 3 time as much and wouldnt have be half as nice . its a steal get it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	my purchase of a nice sony 32inch wega require the accompanyment of a nice surround system . the ht5100d have a bunch of wonderful aspect . First and foremost it have amazing dt playback . with the optical cable hook up -lrb- which be not include and range from about 40-80 dollar -rrb- this system sound crystal clear . it allow you to adjust to the imperfection of you living room or anywhere else you might put this system . for example ... this system allow you to choose the surround sound quality and the distance speaker be set from one another . this allow for a excellent listen advantage in any room . another excellent thing be the cd\/dvd changer . although I think I would never need a dvd changer I be so wrong ... with the addition of almost 100s of dvd it be imperitive that you have a changer . another great thing be the visual aspect of this system . it be entirely gray ... which if you own a Wega like I match perfectly !  now a few downside ... the cd playback be a bit weak . in fact if you not run DTS the system in general be a bit weak . you need to seriously crank it to catch the key phrase . something that I do not need to do with my old Harmon Kardon system ... -lrb- of course that system break and be 100s more expensive ! -rrb- another downside be the bass . a mere 50 watt pump a un-impressive subwoofer . with such a nice high sound system I expect a bit more in the low range . of course sub be sub and you can always upgrade later , although currently Sony do not offer a great selection .  overall this have be a great system . it be powerful and what be more it be very price worthly ! you get a lot out of this system for a small price , even if it do eventually end up in a spare room somewhere it will always be reasonable . enjoy , and remember to upgrade on the cable ... espcially the optical , it make all the difference ! happy listen !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	many reviewer note the problem with the led go out but do not go into too much depth about the importance of the led , which make the decision to buy this product somewhat of a risk for I . therefore , I would like to focus my review on that aspect of the product . I have have my 510 for about 2 week now and have mostly love it . the led work flawlessly for I -lrb- so far -rrb- , but what be they really for ? what be the big deal with whether or not the light work ? okay ... there be 2 area of the light ; one area -lrb- on top -rrb- that tell you what `` audio mode '' you be in , and a second area that tell you volume and balance -lrb- whether bass be high\/low , whether the center channel be louder relative to the rear , etc -rrb- . the light on top tell you what signal you have . if you receive a dolby signal , the light on the leave -- directly underneath the DTS\/Dolby logo -- will come on and it will be blue . in the user manual , this light be refer to as be `` position 1 '' . if you receive a dt signal , the light under the DTS\/Dolby logo will be orange . if you do not receive a Dolby or DTS signal , that light just will not be on . I would imagine that if you do not have that light on , it would be annoying because you would not know -lrb- unless you have get the ear of a bat -rrb- for sure whether you be get a true hd signal . however , I do not have animalistic ear so I pretty much rely on that light to tell I whether I have get hd audio . the great thing about this setup though be that even without the Dolby\/DTS , the sound be fantastic . that be where sr come in , which basically simulate surround sound . you have 3 different version of SRS , each of which have very specific function . first there be sr truvolume , which be suppose to maintain consistent volume level when , for instance , change channel . you know how the volume for a tv show will be comfortable , but then the volume in the commercial blast you off the couch ? SRS TruVolume be suppose to prevent that . -lrb- for the record , I do not watch much tv and when I do I just use the tv speaker at a low level anyway , so I can not write on the efficiency of the TruVolume feature -rrb- . you 'll know if you have truvolume on when the Blue light come on right below the SRS logo -lrb- which Vizio refer to as `` position 3 '' -rrb- . next there be the SRS TruSurround feature , which will simulate a hd surround sound even if there be not a true hd audio source . here be what I love about this system , and why I probably would not care if the light fail . even though I do not have the most sensitive ear , I can tell a significant improvement in surround sound quality when the SRS TruSurround be turn on . you hit the SRS tshd button on you slide-out remote and you have get instant hd audio . if you light be work however , you 'll know you have this feature when the light in position 2 -lrb- in between the Dolby and SRS logo -rrb- turn blue . finally with sr , you have SRS WOW HD which be mainly for listen to music . currently I be listen to a fairly rock KT Tunstall track through these speaker and it sound like she be put on a show right in my house -- it be truly that clear . do a blind test -lrb- ie : if the light be not on -rrb- you can still figure out which setting -lrb- off , TruSurround , or WOW HD -rrb- be turn on . when off , the music sound flat . when Tru Surround be on , the music pretty much only come out of the front channel speaker and the instrument get drown out by the vocal . with WOW HD , it sound like a live concert setup ; it just sound natural be the best way I can describe it -- it be perfectly balance . the next set of light come from behind the soundbar foam -lrb- or whatever the technical term for the fabric that cover speaker be call -rrb- . if all volume and balance setting be factory default , you 'll have something that look like this : '' o -rrb- '' . if you turn up the volume , it 'll look like : '' o '' and so on and so forth . you can also adjust the bass , treble , sub , center , and rear channel . if you want more sound from the center channel , hit the right button and you 'll end up with something that look like : '' o '' . or if you want less from the center , '' o '' . when it be even , it 'll look like '' -lrb- o -rrb- '' . these light be probably more important than the orange and blue led because the change be much more subtle -- except for the volume level , which be quite noticeable . have these light work will let you know exactly where the level be . however , even with the light let I know where the level be , I still rely more on my own hearing to figure out where I want the sound to be . when I hit the up\/down button enough to where it sound good to I , I stop . the light indicator be nice and I hope mine do not quit , but it will not upset I too much if they fail . all in all , I be very impressed with the quality of these speaker . whether I be watch a blu-ray disc , a movie on Netflix or Amazon VOD , and whether I have a true-hd -lrb- Dolby or DTS -rrb- source , I feel like I be in the middle of the shot . everything sound crystal clear , from all speaker channel . the only negative about this setup be the lack of additional input . otherwise , it be nearly perfect .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I hook this up to my Samsung 40-inch television . since this tv do not have a hdmus -lrb- arc -rrb- connection , I have to buy a `` optical digital audio cable '' which cost about $ 9.00 through Amazon . I have never use this type of cable before and I be lucky to read a review that say you have to remove the clear plastic protector that surround the little bulb at each end of the cable before insert the cable . overall , the setup be easy . at first I have mix feeling about the sound quality . it be definitely better than the original speaker but I do not notice that much improvement over the $ 59 dollar computer subwoofer and speaker I have attach through the headphone jack -lrb- do not laugh , this setup work pretty well ! -rrb- . however , that all change when my son play the trailer for `` battlefield 3 '' and the whole livingroom rock . currently we only have the speaker hook up to the tv . we have not try hook up a music system to it -- but that look like a easy task as well . I 'll need a different cable for that . Bottomline : these be good speaker . I be sure my neighbor will agree !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be the second Panasonic system I have own , and just like the previous one , I find that the sound be a little muffle -lrb- especially when compare to a Sony system -rrb- . also the sound output level be barely sufficient for watch dvd -lrb- it be not uncommon to turn the volume all the way up when watch a movie -rrb- . other than that the unit look great , especially with the tall speaker stand , the bezel be very attractive , and the remote be quite nice look too , except for the large battery compartment .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	although the dvd player & speaker be nice , the sound be still really loud when the volume be turn down to `` 1 '' . the volume be completely off at `` 0 '' and be loud at `` 1 '' , very loud at `` 2 '' , and continue up until it be ridiculously loud . I try fiddle with all of the setting , but I could not reduce the volume to a moderate or soft level . since I live in a apartment , I want to watch dvd at a moderate volume with theater-quality sound . I could only get the sound moderate-to-soft by turn off most of the speaker , which defeat the purpose of a home-theater system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this item be so much more than I think it would be . for the money to get a stereo \/ dvd player and radio it be unbelievable . it look great and sound better . my family love it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be please with the the video and audio quality of this system . however , the 5-disc tray take a long time to load\/rotate and the dvd player be very picky . it would not play some of the dvd I purchase overseas -lrb- ntsc & region-free -rrb- that play fine in my other , less expensive , dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	these speaker be pretty good for they money ... but I think the sound quality could be a bit better ... still , for this price they can not be beat . also do not buy from amozon , they should have these at best buy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after two month of own the sd-43ht , about half of my dvd would not play . the display would read `` no disc . '' if I repeatedly turn the power off and on again I could get some of the disc to play . this system can play other region code dvd , but not all of they . some of my region 3 will not play , even before the dvd player break . the dvd player also take way too long to load a disc . the picture be lousy . any bright red color will distort and jitter on the screen . the sound be not much better than tv speaker . the subwoofer be boomy amd flat sound and much louder than the rest of the speaker . the dvd player do not have audio output , so you can not play a movie without the speaker that come with the system . the digital input be too large so you optical cable just sit in the input and fall out if the dvd player be move . if you connect another dvd player or game console to the sd-43ht through the digital input , the audio will go out of sync for any Dolby source . dt play fine though ... also , the video out connector be also loose so you can not get a signal to the tv without hold the cable . -lrb- yes , I try other cable -rrb- the angle mark can not be turn off , which be very annoying if you have a disc with multiple camera angle . I read the entire manual -lrb- horribly write , by the way -rrb- and there be no way to remove the angle mark . oh yeah , do not buy this .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	its a good product love the sound ... only problem be connect to the internet but after search over the internet that seem common for samsung ststem .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	so far i have try ever home theater in a box and they keep get worse . when Aiwa be in business they have the best home theater in a box . they sub-woofer be independently power that be standard . these day the higher end home theater in a box only reserve the power sub-woofer . 95 percent of the customer agree . the sound be so high pitched which sound like a alarm radio on steroid or the thumpage be not there . they advertise that they have high RMS but that be a lie . false advertising that be what that be . we should not have to live like this as Americans . Quality Control be be trade in for profit . we should not be a quality for price . America should just get high quality because we deserve it we do not fight and die in these unnecessary war and bailout company for nothing u know . please please bring back quality in America .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	where to start ? I will do some pro and con pro : cheap price - good ss this thing for only be 200 watt have great sound . dvd player with its up convert make regular dvd great , almost blue Ray in look . the AM FM tuner work great , no trouble at all . once it be all hook up , my PS3 have awesome surround sound . just switch over to AUX - same setting as you tv and boom good to go . con : only con I can say be that the sub be a bit weak . and the wire could be a bit longer , but easy fix . buy speaker wire ... and cut to the length you need . all in all . this be just a great starter surround sound , for a great and cheap price . I would recommend people on a budget to buy this and not think twice . I love it myself .  Dynex dx-htib 200w 5.1 ch dvd home Theater System
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	in the past I have be a very loyal Sony customer ; however , this dvd dream system be by far the worst Sony product I have ever purchase . I purchase the system less than two year ago . the dvd player start act up -lrb- not play -rrb- about two month ago despite limited use . I attempt multiple time to clean the unit use a dvd cleaning disk and even take the unit apart to blow out excess dust . the unit will still not play dvd 's ... in the past month , the unit have start not power off unless it be physically unplugged from the wall . I be force to keep the unit power at all time in order to use the home theater speaker . my response from Sony be less than satisfactory . my recommendation be for anyone look to buy a home theater\/dvd combo unit to stay away from Sony product .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the one I receive from Amazon be faulty so , I return it to Vizio and they replace it with a new one . during that time I decide this one be not right for I so , I return it to Amazon . no need to open it , it be in unused condition . thanks .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this be my very first surround sound system and it be still go strong . it be a nice look system with decent sound . I knock off one star because of how obtrusive it be . it be best suit for a dedicated theater room and do not go well with small space . of course you have all the wiring to deal with , but at least you can purchase a wireless receiver for the rear speaker if you so desire . the control let 's you change the channel on you tv and turn it off and on . regard sound quality , it be a nice sound , base heavy . I currently own a bose cinemate system . compare , you can see how i would now feel how cumbersome this unit be . for the price , i would still recommend this panasonic system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have read these customer complaint before purchase the Toshiba sd-43ht about a year ago . I be now end up with `` hello...protection...good-bye '' Club . this `` protection '' problem keep dvd automatically shut off every time you try to turn it on . the bottom line be do not waste you hard earn money on a company who do not care about they reputation .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	it be good but , REAL SMALL and the BUILT in RADIO DOES NOT work sometime . the seller be SUPPER AAAA .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this and have be quite satisfied . I buy it cause i have have such great luck with jvc product and own other that i can link together .  sound be execptional for small speaker . save private Ryan sound like you there on omaha beach .  only thing i have trouble with be a set to activate the optical input from a default setting for the cd player , to be active on the dvd player . once its do everything just great .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have buy and return 3 different sound bar and surround sound system the past 2 month , range from $ 120 - $ 300 . I want something to enhance the overall quality of my new 42 '' Lg in my bedroom . the surround sound system be disappointing , probably because of my price range , but also because they clutter up the place . the sound bar do not enhance anything at all , let alone `` project '' surround sound quality . this sleek , separable sound system be the answer ; I be extremely satisfy . you can keep the speaker attach as a sound bar underneath you tv . I prefer they separate , it just feel better . the speaker can get very , very loud . I only use low to mid level . it be crystal clear , I can hear voice over sound effect , and really do not have to keep change the volume because the movie get too loud out of no where . the subwoofer be freakin amazing . First of all , its bass level can be turn up very high . but you do not need to . even at low level , you feel like you be in a movie theater . and the best part of all be that you do not need a dvd player to run you system through , you plug you tv into the subwoofer -lrb- which connect to the speaker -rrb- and that be it . you control the volume through the subwoofer . so for a bedroom or small\/medium size live room , this be all you need . unless you want complete surround sound , but to be honest this system be so nice you 'll be just as immerse in the experience . 5 out of 5 all the way
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	the sound quality of the Denon htib be really great and the receiver seem to be well build . the problem with this package be with the speaker . while sound quality be good , the speaker have a very strong odor which fill the entire house . they be construct of plywood and smell just like a sheet of plywood from the lumber yard . if you be sensitive to that sort of thing , that need to be a consideration in buy this system . I return it and end up buy a much better Denon receiver -lrb- avr-2112cus -rrb- and reuse my old speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this unit Jan 2012 and thus far I have be very pleased with the purchase . Yamaha recently release the 401bl system and Amazon have it discount almost 50 % so it be a real bargain at just over $ 300 . I have previously own a Phillips -lrb- sorry I do not have the model info any longer -rrb- and VIZIO vht510 system and neither one compare with the sound quality of the Yamaha yht-s400bl . after the first two , suffice it to say that the wife be not thrill with another sound bar , but after she hear it she have agree it be very nice . the UniVolume mode be also a very nice feature and do a tremendous job of tone down the blare commercial . the CEC functionality be not fully functional with my older sharp flatscreen -lrb- tv be to blame not the Yamaha -rrb- but it do work with with my newer Samsung Blueray player . con : after a month of use , there have be one occurrence where a picture be not be display through the unit . I end up have to apply a Windows fix - unplug from the outlet and plug it back in . note : the Receiver\/Subwoofer unit be pretty deep , it just barely fit into the cabinet that we have . this be a buyer beware , look at the measurement closely if you have a shelf\/cabinet you be put it into .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a amazing system for the price it be sell . I buy one for my small tv lounge and get surprise to its deep bass and its powerful satellite box . it be fully feature satisfy to all you need for a simple ht . there be 2 optical input , one for the dvd and the other one for either a CD changer or a MD. . simply AMAZING .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system July 2006 and be very pleased with it . I do a lot of research and listen to several similar system from other company before purchase the hk cp15 and have to say that it blow other away . the sound quality , richness , ability to hit high and low even at loud voulume without distortion be excellent . this system would be great for small to medium size room . the subwoffer even though be rate 100Watts , produce booming bass which fill the room and while watch movie , shake the room . I love bass but still I keep the bass knob on the subwoffer at about 45 % , its just that powerful ! the speaker be smaller than the hk hkts8 and the `` 8 '' have a 200watt subwoffer and do not come with a dvd player . my friend have the hkts8 in he house , and listen to the two , there be not a huge difference . if this system be in you price range , it be a must buy . as for set-up i do not find it too complicated , it be time comusing though , but the wait be definately worth it !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I know I probabaly should not expect so much for the good deal that I get , but the mx3900d be a major disappointment .  I have have problem since day one with the sound level while play dvd 's . when I have the radio turn on I can keep the level at about a 5 or a 6 and hear it through my whole house . for a dvd I have to turn the level to 25 or 30 to barely hear common conversation . it be also really irratating that when I put a new dvd in the changer and then select that tray that the dvd do not automatically start play . be not that the point of the dvd menu that movie company put on the disc ?? I even go so far as call philip to find out about the problem and be tell that these be known issue and can not be fix .  Sorry , but I want a system that I do not have to crank all the the way so that I can hear my movie . this one go back to the store .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I need to replace my older Sony stuff that have serve I well . the price be right , the sound be right . lot of choice in the set up , spend some time reading , adjust , a bit of swearing but it serve its purpose well . my biggest oversight be the common lack of a analog input for phone , yes there be still lp folk out here . nothing a 20 dollar bill pyle pre-amp from Amazon do not `` fix '' I consider this a mid level as oppose to entry level system and recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the sound be crisp and clear . Love Pandora and online feature . everyone that see and listen to my suround sound love it . good enough for a rm no bigger than 15x15 so you can truely enjoy the sound quality : but the sound carry much further than that . it be a Xmas gift from my boyfriend and I love it !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we purchase the Sony Bravia home theater to go along with we new 40 '' sony hdtv . the sound and picture be phenominal , and the up convert be great , plus it have FM surround -lrb- a feature I be not aware of when I purchase it -rrb- . all this , and we only have to use one remote ! my family and I love it . thank you Ken K.
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	great sound with this product . obviously it be not fancy or expensive , but for the price and ease of setup , this be worth it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a awesome system . if you be look for a complete system in a box at a good price and high value , this be it . the system setup be not difficult as other review have say . you will however need to read the manual as there be a number of option , but otherwise it tool only ~ 30 minute to setup . my only complaint be that the sub be pretty large . I wish it be a bit smaller but once you hear it boom , you 'll quickly forget . its a true home theater experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	note : I be actually review the htp-2550dv my family purchase this system when we be remodel we basement . I go to the store and browse the isle for a little while until this one catch my eye . I like the fact that it come with a A\/V Reciever so i could listen to the radio on it . the biggest downside be that you can not program the reciever remote for the dvd player or vise-versa . the other be that the mount hardwhere that the system include can not be hang at a angle . I now have to go buy some seperate mount bracket . the sound be amazing ! when I put my Led Zeppelin dvd this thing roar . also , with Star Wars , this system be amazing !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this system be definitely a good value for those want to add home theater in a small room . it be worth keep in mind that this system do not have as much power as higher-priced system , and the speaker and remote be make of a somewhat cheap-looking plastic . that say , it do a great job of fill the living room of my one-bedroom apartment .  where this system fall short I think be in its ability to handle music on audio cd . for some reason , no matter which setting I try -lrb- regular stereo or tweaking it with Dolby pro Logic -rrb- audio cd sound flat and lackluster . the problem seem to be that the include front speaker be very small and do not do a good job handle the mid-range common in rock music . the subwoofer tend to dominate and create a muddy effect . I plan to replace the front speaker with a better set , but this be slightly complicate by the non-standard connector on the back of this system -lrb- a plug instead of the usual `` pincher '' -rrb- .  the dvd player be first-rate . the picture quality be outstanding and I particularly like the quality of the picture when scanning -lrb- fast-forwarding -rrb- -- something which a lot of dvd player do not do well . set up and operation be also a real breeze . this system be much easier to use than some other that I have try .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this and i find it really easy to install . the music quality be awsume and it rendor the sound effect very well in movie . if i have to say anything negative about this be while the sound effect and music seem to be very well rendore the volume for the people speak in the movie seem to be really low for some reason i find myself have to adjust the volume oftem just to hear they speak . i do not know if this be just a issue with the blue ray \/ dvd but i dont have this issue much when im just watch the Satelight tv station . but over all i be happy with it a i recomend this to other buy this its worth the price you pay . oh dont forget to buy the cable you will need the Dmi and fiber optic cable for the best quality it do not come in the box . as do most sony product for some reason .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I be not expect amazing sound quality . the sound quality be acceptable for what it be . I be incredibly disappoint that I can not run my WDTV Live through the receiver . I guess the video do not pass through ? I do not know . if I be not so lazy I would return the unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have own this dvd player for quite sometime ... late 03 ' or early 04 ' ? . . can not remember but I have not have a problem w \/ it . I actually like that it support multiple video format ... i use it at time to double ck unlabled datum disc ... -lrb- i forget to label ... argh ! i know ! -rrb- all I can say be that i have have no problem w \/ it ... but if someone can recommend I to site where i can get a replacement remote ? ... long story short ... my remote melt ... thanks in advance !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the unit be work today in August 2010 . no I do not depend on it to watch dvd , as I have another dvd player for watch video . this be sort of a gift from someone . the dvd player be great when it decide to work . as another review mention this dav fc7 have a bad or malfunction part which the sony repair guy know about . and this should have be recall and all owner should not be charge for repair . yes , I have dvd and cd stick in there , for month . and then one day it decide to spit it out . if it do not , I would have to take this thing apart and remove the dvd myself . and a few time I want to use the dvd player within , it turn off after try to find the disc inside the player . I want to throw it out then , but be too lazy to . now I use this for the speaker . the radio be not sensitive enough to lock into station , as I like 710 wor be in NYC . other than these problem . it have okay sound . okay sub woofer . but I be go to change the front and center speaker when I save up enough money . I may use old Sony bookshelf speaker for the front , and at 8 ohm , they have the same volume . and may get a cheap center from ebay . $ 80 be too much for a new center speaker , as sell here in amazon .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the small iLive minus 2.1 Home theater system with dock for iPod & CD player be just right for my purpose . it sound great despite small speaker -lrb- 3 -rrb- . remote work fine . I be integrate the system with a satellite radio receiver . the only issue I have with the unit be that I must use the audio input on the front of the receiver to connect the satellite receiver audio output cabel and there be no balance control for the speaker . the audio connection be a male to male 3.5 mm stereo plug . the `` Aux Audio Input '' on the rear of the receiver will not work for this use & be mean for a t.v. audio input . I do not plan on use this for a t.v. system , but the varied connection on the back of the unit allow for a number of connection such as s-video , hdmus , component , auxilliary , coaxial , composite as well as am\/fm antenna . look good & I hope it last a long time .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	my new Sony dav-fc7 system be work just fine after I set it up 3 week ago . the installation be easy -- it have those new , handy , plug-in speaker wire that have end like a telephone outlet : just plug the green one into the green socket . Easy ! they even give you a reasonable amount of speaker cord , which be generous .  the remote be very nice , and easy to use .  sacd 's sound awesome . this be my first experience and I be impressed .  the system even play some home-burnt dvd 's that my previous Sanyo player have big-time problem handle . the Sony be a snap .  i also enjoy the `` sound field '' option , where you can scroll through the sound setting you would like : i.e. `` concert hall '' , `` 2-speaker stereo '' , `` Sony Studio A-B - or c '' .  my only complaint be that the 5 disc player be tricky to use . for instance , when disc 1 be finish , it proceed to play disc 2 . but I do not want it to play disc 2 . then you have to re-shuffle back to disc 1 in order to eject it , and that take a few minute . so , my suggestion be that you pre-load you favorite 5 disc and leave it that way . it be not make for easy switching . I would not throw out you old cd player !  one more item : I live in a small apartment in the city . this system be perfect for my space . I have a nice entertainment `` bubble '' in my apartment . the system even have a `` night mode '' set so I can watch my movie in surround at night but not freak out the neighbor . I can not comment on how the system would play in a larger space , but for my need it be perfect .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this product for a year . it work excellent , sound great , much better than the hdtv speaker . setup be a snap . only one issue , but that be resolve quickly with a tech support call -lrb- a hdmus cable issue - not the lhb335 -rrb- . be sure to use hdmus and\/or fiber optic cable in order to ensure great sound quality -lrb- those `` coax '' cable have go the way of `` rabbit ear '' -rrb- . please note that HDMI cable be notoriously fussy ... I have to gently , and the key word here be gently , wiggle it -lrb- the hdmus cable end -rrb- a little bit to get a good connection . I put in a dvd and watch for output . I try three brand of HDMI cable before I find one that be reliable -lrb- price be not a good indicator of cable quality , either -rrb- . now I have a rj-45 cable to my internet modem , hdmus output to a hdtv , fiber optic input from two hdtv 's , and hdmus input from my notebook pc -lrb- it be permanently sit on my entertainment center -rrb- . this setup give I excellent mp3 playback from my pc -lrb- or directly from a usb drive into the lhb335 -rrb- , great hdtv sound , and streaming hd video from n \* tfl \* x. the bass sound great when you turn up the volume , but you neighbor may not appreciate the sound as much as you do -lrb- mine do not -rrb- . I play all type of music : pop , classic , jazz , rap , trance , hard rock , and they all sound great through this system . the sound be better than most actual movie theater . the Blu-Ray picture quality be wonderful , and dvd picture quality be very good , too . I love that the built-in streaming video provider be already setup and ready to play . the remote control be intuitive , easy to use , and be easy on battery - with quality replacement battery -lrb- I would only move the `` home '' button to some place other than just under the `` sound effect '' button -rrb- . overall , I be very happy and quite satisfied with my purchase . if I be to have the issue that other reviewer have mention , I would take the unit back to the vendor for a exchange -lrb- do not pay the money that LG want for a return , duh , when you can get a direct exchange for free -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be a little affraid about this system -lrb- lot of mix in the review -rrb- , however , I be pretty impressed when I plug all the cable , the sound be not a 5.1 system but this be just what I need in we living room , great sound for low price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just buy this system to take advantage of my movie and game . and man , do it ever ! this system be great in everyway the sound be just incredable . I hook up my Sony dvd Player , XBOX , Playstation 2 , Gamecube and VCR to this system and it blow I away . it be like watch a movie for the first time and play a game for the first time . I highly recommend this system to everyone . best system ever .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I like this system because I can listen to AM and FM as well as home theater sound . I already have a very nice GoVideo DVD\/VHS so I do not need the extra dvd player . the receiver be kind of tall but the direction be straight forward . sound be excellent . great value for the money and a name brand . if all this could be deliver with less spaghetti style wiring out the back I would be happier . you need to order wall bracket for the speaker -lrb- cost $ 25-50 per pair , you 'll need 2 pair for a total of 4 bracket -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	there be a rather annoying problem regard the a\/v input which I initially think be originally a defect in my particular unit . however , it seem to be a problem with all t-352 model . when the function be set to Audio\/Video , the subwoofer rumble rather annoyingly , even when nothing be plug into the input . if you plug anything into the input , the sound still remain , and the only way to get rid of it be to set the bass volume to 0 . I do not know if it be a problem with the subwoofer or if it be just a feature , but the sound be nice and clear -lrb- with no low rumble -rrb- when play a cd or dvd directly through the unit . if you plan to connect you video game console or computer to these speaker , however , do prepare to be annoy .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	outstanding system for a modest budget . I purchase this system for 400 and tax from Circuit City . the handling of dvd surround be superb and it bring movie to life ; as be stereo music from CD . the radio receiver be also outstanding . I be listen to my CD collection with new ear . it be my first home theater purchase and this be a terrific system for under $ 500 . it have plenty of input for component connectivity : 4 digital audio , 3 video -lrb- each with component , s-video and composite -rrb- , analog 5.1 surround input , analog input for cd and tape . the remote have a large number of function and control my exist tv\/dvd player\/vcr after enter the appropriate remote code -lrb- list in the Onkyo manual -rrb- . it take a little while to get use to but it be very functional . I have yet to try out all the DSP mode but PLIIx Movie for Dolby encode dvd sound great . cd sound just fine in Stereo or all Channel Stereo . the subwoofer be rate from 30Hz to 150Hz and certainly seem to be do its job right . the center and front speaker sound great right through the spectrum . the front and center speaker be on the big side -lrb- compare to other comparable system -rrb- but the sound be big too - I guess the wooden speaker cabinet help . the include speaker wire may be a bit short to run the wire along the side and up the wall . in addition to what be in the box , you 'll need to buy cable to hook up you dvd player with surround at a minimum -lrb- buy coax digital , you can get good cable for under 10 dollar -rrb- . one thing to note be that it will not switch video format - e.g. , if the input be component video it will output component video and if you switch to another input in s-video then the output will also be s-video . so video switching really make sense only if you have all you video source capable of component video . you might as well leave it connect to you tv and just route the audio through the receiver . this be a great treat for my family and I this holiday season , and if you buy it I hope you enjoy it as much as we do .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I also purchase this system , and have experience the same problem the fellow from Kentucky do ; only I still have a picture after the sound go out . I have not yet speak to Panasonic about this . I would like to find out how the guy from Kentucky know this be a known problem . it do not do that until after a couple of month after we purchase the unit . have I know this , I would not have purchase this model .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have come to find that the `` Whistle '' sound in deed be true but it do not make the noise all the time . just when I first turn the system on , and the volume have to be low . otherwise when the sound be up you can not hear it even if there be no sound come out . -lrb- silence -rrb- if the system have be on for a little while , even if the volume be low , you do not hear the `` whistle '' sound . good product . good sound . for the price , you can not beat it . the option be nice . I like the fact that you can control you ipod from the receiver and see the control on you tv , just remember you do need to have composite connection to you television . otherwise if you have it connect as I first do -lrb- hdmus -rrb- you will not be able to see the ipod control on you tv . you could still listen to it , but you can not control it through the receiver . the video be crystal clear , as it should be . but even if you be not watch a blu ray , the dvd 's be still crystal clear . I will actually be get a different sound system for my live area , but this would be a good in bedroom sound and video set up . decent product , but could be better . for the price , you can not beat it !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I purchase this htib and try it for a week . the passive sub be weak and the other speaker be too small . I have replace the system with a Onkyo ht-s5300 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the product be very good . please have in mind this be my first home Theather , so I can not compare with other product . I use for watch Netflix , youtube video , picasaweb photo . bluray and dvd , also , the sound quality be very good . you can download update , the last one I get some internet tv channel . moreover , it have a good price . I really recommend it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	if you do not have a lot of money , this be the one to get . you will get a decent sound . mx966 be good for movie but not for music . if you can afford more , I would recommend to buy the receiver and speaker separately , instead of buy they in a package .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	order on 07\/06\/2011 , deliver on 07\/11\/2011 via up . cost I $ 337.08 to my door . I originally purchase the VIZIO VSB210WS Universal HD Sound Bar with Wireless Subwoofer from wally mart store for $ 295 -lrb- good system too -rrb- but for $ 42.00 more I decide to upgrade to this system and bring the other back to wally mart . glad I do . connect the bar to my new VIZIO xvt3d474sv 47-inch full hd 3d full array truled with Smart Dimming lcd hdtv 480 hz sp with VIZIO Internet Apps TV very easily via the 6 ' Toslink Digital Optical Audio Cable -lrb- not include -rrb- . you can buy they on here for a few buck . after everything be connect I be not get sound to my two rear speaker , so I go into the tv menu and play around with the audio setting and BINGO rear sound . to complete my set-up I order a pair of Atlantic Satellite 77305018 2 Speaker stand to mount the rear speaker on . the 20 ' of speaker wire on each speaker let I place the stand right where I want they for the best surround sound in my room . the remote control be kewl as it slide out so I can fine tune my audio setting . all Led light be work and I hope it stay that way . Time to jump off here and watch a movie via Amazon Instant Video . Vizio have some good look packaging , good pricing and the chick on the box be a hottie . Update : Led Lights still work so far , the light , more like arrow look kewl . I be very happy with my purchase and even if the light stop work , no big deal , as all I really need to do now be use the volume button . they be always better and worse product to buy , nothing be ever perfect , too many people complain about the littlest stuff . this sound system sound good and be way better than listen to the two speaker build into the tv . for the price , this thing rock , do not like it , take it back and spend a lot more money on something else , and you will probably complain about that system too . Life to short , hook the Sh & \* & ^ % up and enjoy it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	... I ... be have problem with the subwoofer . I follow the direction to the letter , and it work for about 45 seconds -lrb- on maximum volume -rrb- and it be very quiet , too ... then it die . I call AIWA support number , only to talk to a rude and uncaring representative . the system itself be really great otherwise ... ... easy to set up and the surround system sound great . but , I need to know why the subwoofer do not work . I truly think it be in the setup and connection , even though I have a expert hook it up for I . ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this dvd home Theater system a few month ago . it be not too expensive but then again it be very heavy and large and not well design at all . so if you want it to look good do NOT BUY THIS .  another problem I have with my dv-115 be that the dvd 's I play always have a `` break '' in they . this may be due to the change layer but I feel there be often more `` break '' and at different moment in the disc .  also at regular interval my player start to slow down . the picture and sound slow down , become slurred and that be not a problem with the disc because change disc do not help at all .  so when it work it be a great -lrb- albeit quite large -rrb- system , but I can not rely on it to work properly ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	yes , first the weight ... why do it feel like it have a lead chassis inside ? really surprised I that it would be so heavy . Disc tray be only plastic , so that could not be the reason , so that leave the amplifier transformer I guess . I agree with a previous reviewer about the strong enough subwoofer and seemingly weaker satellite . volume must be half -lrb- min -rrb- 25 -rrb- max -rrb- to be good for my small livingroom . and I expect a `` power '' subwoofer that carry its own power supply\/amplifier onboard . although this be only my second ht I know the other have a passive sw and connect just like the ht-db600 do -lrb- speaker wire only -rrb- . Speaker setting menu do not hold setting each time I go into it to make change , so unless I be do something wrong then set balance -lrb- or volume -rrb- be pointless . something else amiss in the speaker menu be no Center icon in the Delay part , only have l and r show there , so I can not get that closest speaker to I to sound farther away . not sure if this be a firmware issue , model\/manual descrepency , or defect . what might point to it be a defect , of sort , be how the test tone menu play through the left front speaker in place of the center , as if there might be some internal problem . however , no problem be notice during regular play . yet another possible problem be with drc -lrb- dynamic range compression , or keep volume moderate -rrb- . it might be make sound go out-of-synch . I 'll know more about it as time go on , so maybe I 'll update my review here if I learn more or anything happen to change my mind about the average rating I give . all in all , if this home theater do not wreck any of my dvd or cd disc it seem a good system at the price I pay , which be about $ 177 after shipping . good for people on a budget , like I , I believe , because the sound quality actually be good even if the volume must be rather high on the scale .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	small , nice look , cleverly design , full feature , play cd , cdr , cdrw , AM\/FM , dvd with dt and dd 5.1 sound , have a subwoofer that shake my sofa , power enough to bear my neighbor , fidelity enough to make I think someone be enter the room while it be actually one of the dd 5.1 channel in action . the image be top , specially on the Cinema mode . hard to beat . the dvd mechanism be fast enough to make everything mostly instantaneous -lrb- load , navigate , chapter change -rrb- . I have search a lot before buying -lrb- Sony DAV s300 , 2 model from Panasonic , Onkio -rrb- and be sure I pick the best . it save I lot of space -lrb- sell my stereo mini-system and my previous Pioneer DV 414 -rrb- , look as any overpriced dvd -lrb- it be not progressive scan , though -rrb- , sound as goo as many component system I could have add to my previous dvd\/tv . could not be happier . join the club .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the 5 CD changer refuse to close after 1 year two week . I eventually have to forcefully push cd tray # 1 back in and just use tray 2-5 . -lrb- yes I know you be not suppose to force it back in , but I run out of option . -rrb- after two more week the led display go out . all I can use it for now be sound . the lack of a display make its really hard to tell what mode you be in or how loud the speaker be . look for a replacement .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound quality be amazing , but ... for city dweller there be a catch - system do not have a plug for headphone - so there be no way to see the movie while child be go to bed in the next room . another annoying feature be slowness of dvd drive - it opens\/closes\/loads disk really slow - much slower then say famous philip 642 dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I puchase this system a few day ago and be quite pleased with its performance . the dvd playback be fantastic - you really feel the surround sound - and the speaker work well . it can get pretty loud too . the only minor issue I have be when I be in `` tv '' mode the sound come out of the rear speaker be pretty low . I have experiement with all of the mode but can not seem to be able to get they up to the volume I would like . this be not a problem when play a dvd or use the radio tuner , however . set up be extremely easy and a complete `` no-brainer '' . great system for a great price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this home theater system from Philips last year and it work fine for about 14 month , and then suddenly it would not read disc any more . any disc . I try dozen of clean disc but each time the display would read `` no disc '' . the warranty only last one year so I be out of luck . do not make the same mistake I do - do not buy this system . try another , more reliable brand . Philips just do not cut it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	what a great value ! I have be search for just what this unit offer ; a compact dvd player with the capacity for CD , mp3 , plus AM&FM; , include speaker , all for a attractive price . I do not want all of the speaker and wire associate with `` home theater in a box '' , but essentially want all of the feature they offer in a small stereo package without the expense of a true component system . this be a great main system for those of we who be not true audiophile , and may even be a good bedroom system for they as well . my only complaint be that I can not get the volume sufficiently high , but that be because I be use it in a large living room , a task for which it be not design . good job Panasonic !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this sytem be very easy to setup and the quality be very good . I can any dvd store buy and homemade one too . I have not try play a Divx movie yet but I be sure will be great as well .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	have good quality sound and have some great feature . Problem be can not plug into you tv and satalite to have surround sound for both . but for the price it work great .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be real happy with the sound quality and the value of this system . I take off 1 star only because of the limited connectivity , as mention in other review . I buy this system because of the strong review here and elsewhere , but also because of the 4 tower speaker which I see as a strongpoint . I do not want to mount speaker on the wall , and the tower speaker be not so big that they get in the way , while still be substantial enough that they will not fall over if they be bump . if you be look to mount the speaker on the wall , this may not be the best system because I be not sure the oval speaker head will look good mount on a flat surface .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just get this system 2 week ago and it rock !  installation be quite easy , but the setup a little bit tricky as other reviewer state . you need to read the manual , especially to setup the dvd player so that it will output dt or Dolby Digital 5:1 signal to the A\/V Amplifier . once do , set the a\/v amp on auto detect and enjoy the show . you 'll see the a\/v amp tell you if it be dt sound or Dolby Digital , the little blue light be on , mean you be truly experience the movie as it be release in theater .  lotr , black hawk down , Matrix , Gladiator be movie you want to really demonstrate the quality of this system . lot of special effect , great sound , and a lot of rumble ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	yes , I know it be a old player by a defunct company . yes I know it be obsolete in the eye of blu-ray . yes , I know the speaker be bulky and obtrusive and this be not even something that Fred Flintsone could find a use for . I have originally purchase just as a fourth dvd player for my wreckroom . in the 4 year that I have own this it be only use literally once . it take multiple time for the player to read the disc , the picture quality be lousy and the sound quality be fuzzy . anyway , I have just go in to check it to see if this work because I be think of sell it on cl and surprise , surprise , it be not work . I have come to expect thing like this to happen with the all-mighty RCA name so I be really not that surprised . rca make garbage look like gold . rca 's crummy electronics only rival they non-existant service . no excuse for make a item this poor . I should have have my head examine for purchase this piece of plastic junk .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system to couple with a 55 '' Insignia lcd tv . setup -lrb- with color code on the system plug in port , wiring and speaker -rrb- be easy enough . in the room that I put it in and the way I run the wiring -lrb- through the wall -rrb- , the front speaker wire be not long enough . I simply remove excess wiring from the surround speaker and splice it to the front speaker . when I initially turn on the system I could only hear sound from a couple of speaker . I then realize most tv program be not broadcast in surround , when I insert a dvd ... . Whoa ... blow away . with traditional audio cable -lrb- red , white , blue , green etc. -rrb- the picture and sound be very good but once I add a hdmus and fiber optic audio cable the quality truly become theatrical . the sub woofer be not over the top and the overall sound truly surround you . I do not remember read if the dvd player upscale the view quality of standard movie but I have go back and look at some movie in my collection and the picture quality be a lot better than I ever remember . with the include setup dvd and calibration mic get the best sound out of the system be pretty easy . for this price it would be pretty hard to beat a home theater system of this caliber . outstanding !!!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this unit about a month ago . when I try to hook it up , the wireless woofer would not respond to the sound bar . I contact tech support , who take I through the step to set it up . when it still would not work , they have I ship it back to they , and they would replace it with a new one . when the `` new one '' arrive , -lrb- with a lower serial number than the first , in a box that do not appear to be new -rrb- , it would not work either . I be send this back today , hopefully at some point I 'll either get one that work , or a refund so that I can buy something that do work
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this unit 3 day ago from a brick and mortar store -lrb- bb -rrb- . last night I hook it up and in test it notice that the left speaker be not work very well , actually barely work and very muffle . I be so dissapointed . the system do have some good Audio setup feature and test to run . I run they all which enforce that the speaker be defective . I switch the left and right speaker to see if the problem stay with the speaker or if it could be a wire problem or the output connection on the blu-ray . the problem stay with the speaker . I be also curious if the sub woofer be not work properly either . this be the first time I have own a sub woofer and I do not know how loud they be suppose to get . this one be not very loud at all . when I go into setting and adust db level from +6 to -6 the sound barely change . I call Samsung support who verify I go through some troubleshooting step . they say my option be to send the speaker and blue-ray unit in for repair . I laugh in he face . he give I another option to call Executive support when I ask for a replacement . that suppport center be close and do not open until later today . I will post a update as to what they will do . I do play with the unit a bit last night and be very satisfied with the way the work speaker sound . I love how it integrate with my tv via Anynet , but be dissapointed that I still need to use two remote . the blue-ray remote do not have useful button on it like Favorite channel or even Channel list . if you want to browse the tv station it have to be a manual up and down or choose the channel by the number ! this will make we the tv remote . the tv remote do not have all the blu-ray option . oh well . perhaps one day i will not care when I get a cable set top box w\/dvr . the wireless on the unit work well . I be worry most about this feature . Easy to setup and find my network . I even update the firmware and install some internet app . I do have to say though that the internet app interface be a bit unattractive and try to type letter and number into the remote be too difficult . I will mainly use it for Netflix and Vudu and Pandora . the iphone\/ipod dock work too . the interface on that be a bit unattractive as well and it do not bring over any album cover . I would have like to use the iPhone interface to control the music , but you only have the option of use the remote and tv interface to choose playlist , album . -lrb- I think , I do not play with it too much -rrb- . I play a dvd -lrb- no blu-ray yet -rrb- and it work well and look great . the FM radio work too , but I do not play with it very much and do not see if I could load preset , etc. . I will update later unless I have to take the unit back . Update : 12\/17 - so Executive support end up be a pretty good experience . the lady I speak with send I , free of charge , both a new left speaker and subwoofer . it take about 14 day to arrive and they work great . I do not even have to send in the defective speaker . the system sound wonderful . very happy with quality . I have play blu-ray movie and they look awesome . I be disappoint in the Netflix application on this unit . it be not reliable and sometimes will need to reload 3 time during a movie\/show . most of the time it hang and the only button on the remote that work be the off button to the player . I be still not positive about where the problem lie . I think it could be the Netflix server , my wireless access point -lrb- only g not n -rrb- , or the player itself -lrb- wireless usb device -rrb- . well , after play with the player option , I believe it be the Netflix application on the player . the other application do not hang or require constant reloading -lrb- youtube , Vudu -rrb- and my wireless signal be reliable for those other app too . the signal be not go through any wall either . my other friend say there Netflix app do not have this problem so I be rule out the Netflix server too . I just think the Netflix app on Samsumg blu-ray player just need fix . I be hope software update will someday make it more reliable . I will also mention that even though Youtube be available , I will never use it . the interface to input keyword use the remote be more of a pain than you can ever imagine . not worth it . base on this update , I be up my rating from a 2 to a 3 . if Netflix be more reliable , it would be a 4 , but Netflix be the main reason for the internet access .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this thing be rockin ' big time ! I love how you can use the receiver to manipulate the sound to sound like you be really in a movie theater ! I have my xbox run through this system and , man , I can not tell you what a difference the sound be in game ! it be so neat to be able to hear where the enemy be comee from . anyway , I recommend the system to anyone and everyone !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I order this from Amazon just about this time last year & the ks3101 be still play every dvd I throw into it...store-bought , rental , dvd + and dvd - that I have burn with my computer . I have a 27 '' tv with rca in\/out jack , so I be no audio or video expert -lrb- nor do I have pocket deep enough to become one -rrb- . the sound be infinitely better than the tv 's built-in speaker -lrb- the main reason I purchase it -rrb- , the dvd player be much more compatible than my Panasonic progressive scan dvd player -lrb- which I pay about $ 70 for and will not play dvd + & have trouble with paper label dvd 's -rrb- . I do not expect it to crap out soon -lrb- hope not either -rrb- , but if it do I would still consider it a good buy for the much , much improve sound quality while watch the tube and the ~ 300 movie I have watch on it without a glitch .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system for my bedroom theater . because I be disabled , I want to have something that be not go to be too complicated and want a system from one manufacturer . I hear this system at a Radio Shack and even in the showroom environment it sound very good . after install it my bedroom , it sound great . a better sub would be nice but that be immaterial as the bass from this system once you find a corner to place the sub be very good . the remote have no problem control all the rca equipment that be attach to the receiver . the biggest nit I have be that the the receiver do not upconvert the video to the monitor so you need to have a monitor that have both s-video and composite input .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this system recently after my Panasonic dvd Surround System break . I be a little leary about this system since other reviewer have mention a hissing noise here on Amazon and other site for that matter . but I could not find anything like this value and decide I could just take it back if I do not like it . well , I love it ! the sound be great ! Subwoofer be awesome ! I do not hear a hissing noise at all . this sound so much better than my Panasonic which break and that I have pay $ 100 more for .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	SET up take 15 minute . I place the 2 inch tall sound bar on my tv stand . I do not attach the foot because it would be so tall it would block the power button of my 42 inch LG TV . I put the subwoofer on the floor , until I get a new tv stand with shelf . I twist off the cap for 6 speaker wire that go into the sound bar and the other 6 wire that go into the subwoofer . I be use to speaker wire from set up my old stereo . only the subwoofer have a electrical plug , a plain one , not the blocky one . all the input & display be on the subwoofer . I connect a hdmus cable from the Comcast DVR & another HDMI cable from the subwoofer into the tv to convey the picture , which pass thru the Yamaha unit . the Yamaha be receive Dolby Digital from Comcast . I turn off the tv 's speaker . if you wish more audio input than the one provide by Yamaha , search Amazon for `` tosklink audio selector '' I have my HP desktop pc connect with hdmus to my tv for streaming , but when connect to the Yamaha , my computer screen go blank . so , I keep the HDMI cable in my tv for picture , and connect a toslink audio cable from the pc to the Yamaha . the Yamaha be receive PCM sound from my pc -lrb- from the internet -rrb- but not Dolby Digital . the subwoofer be also a FM receiver . after I connect the little antenna cord , I be able to receive 10 or 11 radio station . use could not be easier . I turn on the Yamaha unit . I turn on the tv . -lrb- edit : with the Yamaha , my Comcast HD DVR box reset from 1080i to 720p so rather than reset Comcast cable box , I put hdmus from cable box to TV & Toslink audio cable from cable box to Yamaha , so tv stay 1080us and when need , I switch Yamaha 's audio input to the computer 's audio cable -rrb- . and , then , like always , I change the channel or volume or access Comcast 's on demand or dvr . if I want to use it with the computer , then I press `` tv '' on the Yamaha remote -lrb- because the Yamaha 's audio input be be use with the pc -rrb- . if I want to listen to FM , I press the FM button . I could not get the Comcast remote to control the Yamaha , but the Yamaha 's remote be wonderfully small and simple . performance be great . nobody should expect it to replicate the sound of huge & powerful individual speaker , or to hear surround sound , but it be a wonderful improvement from the tv 's sound -lrb- which sometimes be very good but not always -rrb- . from all source -lrb- tv , FM or PC -rrb- , sound from the Yamaha be always excellent ! I have have it for more than 2 week now and not be disappoint . test from YouTube video , the sound bar have separate leave , center , and right sound . the subwoofer 's bass be very good . the Yamaha 's FM radio be very good . from the pc , YouTube movie & tv soundtrack sound great thru the Yamaha . the Yamaha be enjoyable and fun to use . -lrb- edit : I see Yamaha have a 494 model , on Amazon & Yamaha 's website at they home theater in a box gallery , with 2 rear speaker , but they must be wire as not wireless -rrb- I highly recommend the Yamaha 400 sound bar .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	its hard to write a single line for this product its a piece of junk , i buy this a year and half ago . Dont now wher to contact i try all over again and again no reply finally get to trash i sujjest please dont buy this filty product and make ur mode ... nothing be good about this product ... accept speaker good luck ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this surround sound have great sound and be very easy to install , and consider the price versus one of the more expensive one with dvd or bluray player ... you be really better off with this one ! for starter most people already have one of these player or console in they home so to go through the expense of pay 300 to 500 and sometimes more be ridiculous ! for one you can just run the audio cord to you tv to get all extra sound for anything you have hook for it ... it be not necessary to buy the adapter for the hdmus cord ! why buy the adapter when you can , like I say , just run the cord to you tv . I love the sound it generate and it be a space saver ! I have a older model that be just too bulky and take up too much of what space I do have for it . . which trust I be very little . the only thing I would say I have prob with be the fact that the remote be so small and easy to loose !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system certainly help the sound of we tv . I wish I have go with a bit higher wattage , but all-in-all this do the job . the only negative be that all of the volume level reset to the default when you power-off to standby mode , so I have to leave the speaker on all the time or reset the volume each time I turn it on .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have follow the advice of the other reviewer . my volume indicator led die the first day . Vizio have I unplug the set , hold power for 30 seconds , and then plug it back in . after that the indicator work for a few hour and quit again . now the power trick do not fix it . the set sound great , but I be not sure I can live with this defect .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it seem sad that I would pine over a 2 speaker dvd\/cd system but truth be tell the Panasonic sc-dp1 do it all right in one small little package that only cost I $ 200 buck back in the day . I love that little thing . it have decent sound and it play dvd 's and music and it have a radio . I be so happy with it , but then I have to give it up to my ex , it be either that or I lose my bose 3-2-1 and that be not go to happen . if you can ever find one of these , buy it . it be a steal if its under $ 200 . you will be please . more so because it have Component connection and because you can hook a active subwooder up to this baby and you have a instant pseudo-surround sound home theater system with a easy to use remote and great crisp sound for small room . one day , I will be re-unite with another Panasonic sc-dp1 . I hope one day soon as I be miss it dearly .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I own 2 other Apex dvd player . they be great . this home Theater System be not . the remote enter the number 4 repeatedly when it be just sit on the table . it have go through 4 set of battery in 2 month . the main unit do not recognize command from it 3\/4 of the time . it will not play SVCD disc as it be manual say it will . overall , I would say it be a piece of garbage . I do not know what happen to the good quality for a low price apex use to deliver , but this sure be not it !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	even thouth it say it be a receiver . it be not . you can not hook up you cable tv to it and use the speaker . you can only use the speaker if you play a dvd or listen to the tuner . it be not a true theater in a box as it say . I will be send it back .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after read many of the review on Amazon , I feel comfortable buy this little rca sound system for my apartment . it so far have meet and exceed my expectation . it have a good enough quality sound , the subwoofer really give a good base sound . at time it could be a little louder on the other speaker , where I have a hard time hear what some people be say even though the overall sound be high . nevertheless , it do the job just fine . I would recommend this product . good value for the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be my first home theater system and it sound great . it be easy to set up and connect the speaker . the reciver be limit on its feature but it sound great when watch suround movie . the only drawback be the system do not sound good when listen to just music .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well , I suppose I be pretty fortunate ... I buy one of these system for my parent . since they be not audiophile and just want a basic dvd system and something to replace they old stereo -lrb- complete with 8 track -rrb- , this sound like the ideal system . Theirs last for almost 2 year before succumb to the `` WELCOME SCREEN of DEATH '' . I sure hope someone find a fix for this thing . if I find anything I 'll let you all know . also , have anyone else notice that some of the capacitor in the power supply look `` leaky '' . perhaps the power supply be the root of the problem ?!
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy two of these unit . brand new . one of they arrive DOA . there be no indication anywhere of any packing damage and everything appear brand new in physical appearance . obviously , not the end of the world , as Amazon will send a new one and\/or refund you , but RCA should not be release doa brand new product , even if they be at rock bottom price ! the unit that be work , so far , seem nice . the speaker be indeed tiny , but the cable be nice and long , and produce a good surround effect . the input be only stereo -lrb- eg just leave and right -rrb- , but personally that be all I need . it come with a remote which can adjust the volume to specific pair of speaker -lrb- eg front pair , rear pair , center speaker , subwoofer -rrb- - this be very useful for calibrate a room .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	surround sound effect amazing . no need to go to the movie anymore . we add the wireless unit for the surround speaker to avoid run wire to back of the room . dvd player very easy to hook up and use . very satisfied customer .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Player consistently skip chapter as you watch the movie . do not recognize that a disc have beed insert half of the time . a very frustrating piece of equipment to use . Poor choice on my part . money would be better spend some where else .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	buy the system and have little trouble with the setup . I agree that it be loud . the system do not seem to adjust volume at all via the set up menu despite what the manual claim . it be also very frustrating to go play a pg movie only to find the parental lock be on and guess what - the manual have the wrong password . I would really like to see the correct default password post . overall I will say the system be a vast improvement over what I have before .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I take a little risk with this purchase because I be aware of the problem report with the LED light . I hope that this be a relatively old problem that have be address by now . so far the Vizio soundbar have perform flawlessly . the sound be excellent and the system be small , easy to set up and unobtrusive . I be confuse for a moment because of a error in the Quick Start Guide . step 5 say to connect the subwoofer use the ac adapter , but in the system I receive the adapter be for the soundbar .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the version of this system that do not include the VCR in May , 2005 , at a Radio Shack , not through Amazon . I spend five hour remove my old system and set this one up ; my old system be a Sony 5-disc dvd player hook up to a ten-year old receiver and four big stereo speaker . when I finally hook everything up , my wife and I sit down to watch we first movie on it , and within ten minute , the sound cut out altogether . I go through every section of documentation I have to learn about what the problem might be , and I go over every connection to every speaker . everything seem to be in order . except there be no sound at all . I turn the system off , turn it on again , and the sound be back ... for another ten minute . then it vanish once again . and this process happen many , many time . I contact Panasonic via e-mail and explain the problem in every detail I could imagine . I receive a response day later which say that I should remove all the wire from the speaker , check the wire for fray , make sure they be all insert into the correct slot , wait 15 minute , and try again . I do this , very carefully . then , that night , my wife invite she sister over to watch a movie . the sound cut out no fewer than 15 time , and I be humiliate . I write Panasonic back , and they do not respond . I have just write they a third time , and I feel compel to warn other about this system . I have hook up my Sony dvd player again , and I be listen to it through my television without any external speaker , and it be work perfectly . if I can somehow get Panasonic to reimburse I for the piece of junk I buy from they , I be go to do what I should have do to begin with ; buy one of the Sony system . they may be a couple -lrb- or even a few -rrb- hundred dollar more , but movie lover buy these system for they enjoyment , not to be frustrate . I would have give this product a zero if I could . it have be the most maddening purchase I have ever make .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it have very good sound for the number of speaker . the woofer work great . I live in a condo and this be the system I choose after read review on most brand . for a condo or a apartment it fill the bill . I give it 5 star for this reason , and the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the audio review prompt I to buy this system and take my chance with the high incidenet of report led volume failure . I have have the unit for two month , the volume indicator do fail , but the system do not require they to enjoy the beautiful sound the system produce and I be content with my decision . but I contact Vizio and they arrange for a pre autherized return swap . they send you a new system , put a suspend charge on you credit card , then when you get the system install it and put the old equipment in the shipping container and return it . the deal include prepaid Fed x shipping both way . when Vizio recieve it the credit card charge be cancle . it be a new painless way to get a new system . and although the tech do not say it I get the feeling that with the new system will come from a new production run and I probable would not experience the same failure again . yes , it be a pain to have to deal with the return , but the sound system be very good for the price and Vizio handle the replacement in a profesional manor .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this unit be very easy to set up and so far have work great . the quality be much better than I expect . I live in a apartment and it sound great in my living room . I even have to keep the woofer at half power . I suspect it be make by the same people that make oritron dvd player , as that be what my parent have and they remote be almost exactly the same , and the onscreen menu feature exactly the same graphic . it be definitly not manufacture by koss , they must outsource or license they name for it . but it still be a excellent system . I use it for the radio as well as cd playback . however every once in a while it will skip excessively with cd 's , all I do be eject it , then re-insert it and it work perfectly . my friend pioneer do exactly the same thing . no , it do not have digital input , and it may not impress you audiophile friend , but it definitely do the trick especially for the price . I look at several other dvd players\/surround sound system for around the same price and the quality be definitely not up to the level of this unit . I would recommend this to anyone not want to shell out xxx$ for a `` name-brand '' system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	be a college student and a home theater fan , i want to purchase a system that would fit in a small space yet still give I the sound for a decent price . this system be perfect for that and I recommend to anyone . only thing i have to say that be bad be that it doesnt have a s-video output . but other than that it be awesome
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this be my first surround sound home theater . I use it in a small apartment living room . I be by no mean a audiophile . I buy this model at a local electronics retailer . I end up exchange it for another unit of the same model because the dvd player skip . the one new unit have a completely separate problem : the color would periodically fade from the picture while watch dvd , a problem which I trace to the receiver 's s-video output port . I end up return the second unit for a full refund . despite my experience with the ht-p38 , I be willing to acknowledge that I just have really bad luck . despite that possiblity , this model have other drawback that I be not willing to live with . the biggest drawback be that despite have a 5-disc carousel , if you be watch a dvd or listen to a cd and want to fill a empty tray , it stop the playback ; you can not `` play and exchange '' with this model . in my mind , there be no point in have a multiple disc tray if you can not play and exchange . I end up buy a JVC th-c3 , which I be much happier with : higher wattage -lrb- which admittedly be not a accurage guage of performance -rrb- , better frequency range on the subwoofer , `` play and exchange '' capability , easy control of each of the speaker from the remote .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after wait for 2 month , my system be deliver late September , and since then Movies and Music hav not be the same . I personally think it have a Veryclosesound to the bose system that the other reviewer mention . it be far superorto Sony 's DAVS300 Home Theater , i mean a 120 watt sub to a 30 Watt , that no comparision . the only thing that dissapoint I be that the 6 Channel Amp do not support DTS , all though the 5.1 Dolby Digital do still sound fantastic through the compact sattelite speaker , i have have my system at full volume and there be not one little bit of distortion . another bad thing also be that the CD player do not read CDR 's which be a slight dissapointment , the Sound Field Control -lrb- SFC -rrb- which feature Heavy , Disco , Live , Hall etc. . each of they do not sound different at all , whether that a problem with my system or not ? the Sub-Woofer when set to sw 4 be very powerful with enough Bass to blow down you front Door ! the 5-disc changer be a great idea but a little slow in change disc -lrb- 11 seconds from disc1 to Disc 5 -rrb- when play back Music Cd 's the System automaticaly respond , produce such a high quality which match my Brother 's Denon and Polk Audio $ 5000 System . even watch a Video -lrb- HI-Fi -rrb- sound great fill the room with the Dolby Pro-Logic . so do yourself a favor buy this Fab Home Theater , even though you might have to wait a little while I would give it 10 star if i could
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	anyone on a budget look for a home theater system , need to look no more . but only if all you component have a hdmus output . it take I about a hour to set it up , connect all component and adjust the sound to my preference . it be not very dificult to set up , either . as far as tech-savvy go , I be good , but no expert . so this system be a plus for those in doubt . and the instruction manual be pretty helpful too . any movie with a lot of action , be enjoyable with the system . specially , a movie like ` inception ' . that sub be do it be work very well when the action be heavy . you 'll have to raise the volume on the center speaker though , 'cause when there be a lot of action , the dialogue be a bit hard to hear . either that , or adjust the other speaker 's accordingly . include the sub . it be biggest drawback be the lack of a fourth hdmus input and a headphone jack . I have four component . PS3 , Xbox 360 , blu-ray player , and a cable box . the cable box be the least important one here so I have the other three plug in directly to the receiver . instead , I have my cable box plug into the tv , and a toslink cable run from the tv to the receiver . no biggie , but it be a extra step when I have to change the input on my tv and the input on the receiver . the headphone jack be a problem only if you tv do not have a headphone jack either ... which , mine do not . and yes , eventhough it be a home theater , there will be time when you 'll want to play game , watch a movie or tv in silence . at the moment , I have not find a way to get around that problem , so I find myself play game and movie in low volume . I personally find it annoying since I keep turn the volume up or down at certain point for whatever it be that I be do . anyways . you can not go wrong with this system . minor gripe , but nothing to turn away from it . obviously it will not compare to a $ 500 receiver and a $ 400 speaker set -lrb- which I help someone set up -rrb- , but if you be on a budget and\/or do not have the space , this be the one you want to buy . I really love mine .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i get this system online at Walmart for $ 299 on sale this system be awesome sound great in a small room or medium room i would buy it again if i have to so far 4 day no light problem i guest vizio fix it good sound good base and good power i have a big yamaha system in my living room that be very powerful but this vizio be a great system and true 5.1 sound if you do not want to set up the rear speaker no problem but i like true surround sound i test it out by watch blade and matrix awesome you can hear every detail nice base dose not shake wall but sound very good you know you have base i do not work for amazon or walmart just want to tell people my experience with this system truth of the matter well worth $ 299 if you can get it you will not be disapoint
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy mine at Costco a few week ago for $ 300 and now it be on here for $ 270 ! buy one now . this be a great unit for the money . Easy setup , the speaker be not too large and it be nicely design with a lot of option . I be not go to go into all the detail because other reviewer have already cover they . I actually work in sound and I be really please with this unit . Sony be always quality stuff . there be more than enough power here for you . and I love that i can plug in my Iphone and play my itune - man , it sound terrific .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we buy this home theater system for Christmas and have be nothing but impressed . the sound quality be absolutly wonderful . I highly recommend it if you like thing loud . plus I do not think that we would use the 5 disk dvd player , but now I find it useful and glad that we go with the 5 disk dvd player .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	three thing :  1 -rrb- there be no sound input , as other reviewer have point out . personally , I do not mind , as I have my VCR run through my home stereo system already . it would be nice if I could play my CD , tape , and record player through it , though .  2 -rrb- the default sound level be quite loud , but this can easily be adjust on the `` Preferences -rrb- Dynamics '' menu . you can only get to this menu if there be not a dvd in the player , though , which be just stupid .  3 -rrb- the unit I order come with the parental control setting on , and the default password give in the manual -lrb- `` 2001 '' -rrb- be incorrect . I hope that the tech support phone number will be able to help on Monday , otherwise I will have to send this back .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	solid system for a certain type of person , with a certain type of requirement . I give the one I buy away , but it be cheep and it work !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	amazing surround sound !!! we have a 1600 sq. ft. house and we family room have vault ceiling and be approximately 300 sq. ft. ... I be truly amaze with how well the quality be . I be hesitant at first because they be very inexpensive and I always figure with surround sound you get what you pay for , but not the case here at all ! we even splice the wire to make they longer and still have amazing quality ! I love put on music , regular cable or a movie and mute the surround sound to show people the difference ! no mount bracket ... but we screw in small l shape bracket to the top of the little speaker , and screw in hook on the wall ... work perfectly !  rca rt151 home Theater System
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	System seem to work fine ... operation can be a little slow between mode . biggest issue be the remote which seem to break down quickly ... and find a replacement even with universal remote be impossible ... finally get a learning remote to replace it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a fantastic product ! it be easy-to-setup , inexpensive and have great sound . one thing I do not know be that you need to buy a hdmus cable if you have a hdtv , I think they would of include one -lrb- also , do not fall for the monster Cable , several study prove they be no different than a $ 20 one -rrb- . additionally you probably will need more audio cable , my living room be quite small and I barely have enough cable to go to the back of the room . SOME SETUP tip : you have to plug all you device into the ss system and then a hdmus cable into you tv , so now you will use the Sony ss remote to change input . also to program the surround sound with a universal remote -lrb- like a Comcast or DirecTV remote -rrb- , program you surround sound as `` tv '' on the remote so when you adjust you volume it control you ss system , then set you tv to `` AUX '' . it do not matter because when you use the `` all On\/Off '' button it will turn all device off . in conclusion , this product be wonderful for the price , you will not be disappointed !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	great look speaker and they sound nice , too . the only reason that I be give this product four star be because of its manual . it definitely read like some engineer write it . it will take I a while to figure out each button on the remote control . other than that , I be really happy with the system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system for two reason ; price and feature . I can switch between dvd , VCR and radio all on the front of the machine and I can change channel and chapter . most system just have play and stop on the front . the power be perfect for a apartment environment . just enough to still sound great . the only ding I give this unit at this time be that it only seem to decode 5.1 channel audio in dvd mode . surround sound channel from my cable box end up only in stereo , but the MATRIX set work ok to send sound to all the speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my system be manufacture in November of 2010 and I do not notice any sound issue or any other issue as of yet ! no WHISTLING or HISSING here !! a MUST buy !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	you could spend a lot more for the functions\/features available on this model , but you would be waste you money . after open the box and follow the very simple instruction , we be watch we Theater within a hour . the calibration microphone be pretty cool to watch work -lrb- automatically -rrb- the remote be small but very functional . the sound quality be excellent , the picture be just what you would expect from a Sony . we do not feel the need to break window when we watch a movie or listen to the FM tuner , but the unit handle higher volume very well .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	have to buy a power sub to be able to listen to this system . the 7 year old , 500 watt philip system that be replace by this one sound MUCH better .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the Samsung ht-db600 sound and look great . some review that I have read have say they be a thump come from the Subwoofer when use the DTS and P-SCAN , but I have not have any problem . my Samsung system be hook up to a 43inch HITACHI HDTV -lrb- which look great -rrb- . this system be worth every penny I spend on it , would defintly recommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I replace a lower end vizio sound system with this one and be amaze at the huge difference in quality of sound . this be a great look , great sound system . Super easy to install -- great remote !! I love it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	not a big reviewer guy , but after read all the negative review on this item , figure it be my responsibility . the Vizio surround system be awesome . amazing sound from a center bar , sub and satellite . I be honestly amaze you can pay less than 500 buck for something that plug into you tv , no amp , no receiver , and it sound this good . watch the world series sound like I be sit in the stand . there be even a drunk guy over my right shoulder yell `` let 's go Rangers . '' maybe other have older model before they fix the led or whatever , but this thing be awesome .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I know I have make a bad purchase when the shipping charge be higher than advertize . I have use the system - lightly - for about three week and already one of the speeker have go out . I should have shop around . Wal-Mart have a similar system at a significantly lower price -lrb- particularly after pay $ 35 + for shipping -rrb- . I wish I have shop around more before buy this dog ! : -lrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a long review other product , this be the best , the price , the function and option be great . we connect the blue-ray -lrb- hdmus in -rrb- , set-top box -lrb- hdmus in -rrb- , netbook -lrb- hdmus in -rrb- and internet radio -lrb- logitech , via optical in -rrb- , and it work without any problem , video go to a lead tv , if you want to watch something -lrb- hdmus out -rrb- . the only thing to check be the installation of the three speaker box : one front soundbar -lrb- with 3 speaker , 3 cable -rrb- , 2 surround and 1 subwoofer , after finish it , and the hdmus connection be ready , all be ok , then , listen the best sound in a really small size
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we purchase and set up this system 1\/3\/06 . it be sleek and the sound be fantastic . however 31 day later the subwoofer fan begin make a awful noise . the warranty choice be send it to N.J. or drive it 100 mile round trip for repair . we drive it 100 mile for repair . after 20 day they advise they could not fix it even after install a new fan . another 100 mile round trip to pick it up . on 3\/2\/06 we ship the subwoofer to N.J. and get it back on 4\/5\/06 . by 6\/12\/06 the subwoofer fan have stop intermittantly many time and with it all sound from the speaker . we again drive 100 mile and return the whole home theater system for credit .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be a Sony fan but I buy ht-p50 because of it be a new product with great speaker design from Samsung . I like Samsung 's cell phone a lot so I give a chance and buy this from B&H; Photo Video store -lrb- www.bhphotovideo.com -rrb- in NY via online . I like the overall of the product such as sound output and again nice speaker design . but after two week later , when I turn it on from sleep-mode , I hear a loud noise from the back of the unit . I find out the noise be from cool fan -lrb- just like a pc but smaller size -rrb- . the noise be just like a old pc fan before it go bad . so I tap it lightly and the noise go away for a few seconds and then noise come back again . so I tap it again . this time the noise go away . remember , this unit be only two week old ! I never have bad experience with all of my Sony or Canon equipment . Poor quality control from Samsung ! I will never buy Samsung product again . do not have time to take it to authorized service dealer since I do not have time for this -lrb- put all into the box then drive 12 mile to the service center and leave it for several week ? -rrb- . no way ! I buy this to enjoy , not to spend money and then time to fix it . I will not buy Samsung again ! ever !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	System be deliver over night . instruction be easy to follow . the only problem be you need to purchase a few cable not include . although the speaker wire include be thin it work fine . the one coxial cable include be extremly short so probably will not work for many set up . but we love the effect of the system . we be not gaget guru so it plenty of sound for we . the only thing that be a hurdle be get it to work with regular tv show . it only give instruction on how to hook it up to the dvd player or VCR , any other component you be on you own .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this system for a fairly large room -lrb- 10x20 -rrb- . as it turn out the set-up be not too bad but I now wonder if the transition\/wires run through the system cause the picture to be diminish . if so , I do not think it be too noticeable . regard the sound - it do have pretty good sound . generally , I be happy with the system so I do not return it . I buy it for around $ 200 . for some reason the sound on the system need to be turn up fairly high on many movie . when this happen I do notice a bit of a buzz noise from the subwoofer . the sub be pretty large so keep in mind where you plan on place it . I think in a small room the buzz would be even more noticeable . we do play game on this tv -lrb- via PS3 -rrb- so we have hook up we wius -lrb- need a hdmus converter , which you can find here on amazon -rrb- and we cable . it be a real shame that this system do not hook up directly to the tv and then play everything that be hook up to the tv through the speaker . instead the component must go through the subwoofer for the speaker to work . this be not too much of a problem since it do have 3 hdmus hookup - but a pain if you have more than that . -lrb- we do still use we ps2 but can not use it on this sound system since it be not hdmus and even if we could there be not enough input so we have to connect the ps2 directly to the tv . -rrb- the two small forward speaker be small and work very well . actually they work much better than I expect especially for such small speaker . we be use this sound system on a new panasonic plasma tv that have aquo . this allow the system to `` talk '' to each other . unfortunately , this do not work as well as it should . I would really like it if the tv 's speaker would work with the sound system as another front speaker but the system will not allow that . I do not think I would recommend this system for anything over $ 180 . con : again , keep in mind the input be hdmus -lrb- there be 3 -rrb- , the sub buzz a bit too loudly , and when play movie it seem the sound must be turn up fairly high to hear well , and the system do not allow you tv speaker to work at the same time . pro : fairly easy setup , good overall sound -lrb- especially from the 2 small speaker -rrb- , and 3 hdmus hookup -lrb- this can be a plus if all you need be 3 or less hdmus input -rrb- .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	nice home theater system . at a reasonable price , you get a complete home theater system with blu-ray player along with access to Netflix , Youtube , Pandora etc. . so far , I be loving it . Easy to setup . the sound quality be great even at loud volume . the bass be good too - shake my floor ! Netflix , Pandora , Youtube work well . easily connect to a external hard drive\/flash drive - can enjoy watch video , music , and photo through the portable media . the iPod doc work great too . I would say , for listen to music and watch movie in a apartment , this be a great find . the only feature miss be independent control over the bass . there be a sound effect call `` bass blast '' which can be select , but other than that no control over the range of frequencies\/volume of the bass individually .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound be good for the price , bass could be better . disc look great . one flaw to be aware of . I try to use the follow hookup and it would not work : Satellite HDMI out -rrb- 335 hdmus in -rrb- 335 hdmus out -rrb- Projector HDMI in the 335 would not output any sound while connect to the projector . if I disconnect the projector , sound . weird . I call LG support and they validate this . I guess that if I have it hook up to a tv that have audio I would not have this issue . so beware ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	it will really shock you to hear the type of sound you hear . it be easy to set up ; it be awesome . you may even be able to catch it on sale . the only down side be that you can not hook too many other thing into it . so , if you be look for a receiver to connect you own floor speaker , you may want to check the amp on the speaker first . it might be do the speaker a injustice if the watt be larger than this system . for anybody who just want a nice sound when watch they movie , this be the one !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system be great . especially when you consider the price . it be plenty powerful for small to medium size room and it have super quality . hehehehehe , my buddy who spend $ 2000 on he 5.1 system come over and hear this . he jaw hit the floor when i tell he i only pay $ 200 ... highly recommend !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Sony 's dvd home Theater System be a very good choce if you be seek to add some quality sound to extra room . the complete package come with everything you need to install you system in very littler time . instruction be good with additional color code for speaker wire connection . overall the Sony Home Theater System be a good buy for the amount .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this unit at Walmart for $ 189.00 . know absolutely nothing about home theater system , I be a little wary of what I be get myself into . I originally want a system without a dvd player , since I already own one . however , after listen to the system at Walmart -- and because the RCA unit I really want be sell out -- I think `` what the heck '' and go ahead and buy it . I also purchase a s-video cable on the advice of the sale clerk , which turn out to be a good decision . my unit be the black one . the system be fairy easy to set up , even for a novice like I . I manage to get it wrong a few time , but after some experimentation -lrb- mainly with my cable box -rrb- I finally get all the cable in the right place -- and presto ! I have a great-sounding home theater system . my living room be about 20 x 18 , and this unit fill it up nicely with solid low and even high . I have not experience any hissing as another reviewer write about -- I wonder if he may have wire it incorrectly ? the downside to this system , like most in this price range , be that you be stick with the wire Philips give you . they permanently fix in the speaker , which make upgrade wire difficult . also , the subwoofer be passive -- so you can not control in separately other than with the remote . but it sound great in my opinion . I have digital cable , and be very pleased with how this system interpret the music station . the system `` max out '' when the volume hit 40 , and for a 700-watt system , it do not get as loud as I would have expect , bit it be still loud enough to impress friend and annoy the neighbor . I slide Star Wars Episode 3 in the dv drive , and I be blow away . it sound great , produce a deep rumble bass and clear vocal . -lrb- r2d2 have he own speaker , the left rear one -rrb- . all in all , this be a great system for the price . my thought be to upgrade to a more expensive unit when I get my tax refund , but I have reconsider . the hts3400d suit I just fine .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	recently , Dolby Digital surround sound have overtake its predecessor , Dolby pro Logic . it provide a dramatic upgrade in sound quality and realism over the analog pro logic . initially , very expensive , it be now available in many moderately price home Theater receiver .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	First off , let I say that I be satisfied with the system . it be not go to rattle the window or wake the neighbor - but for ordinary movie watch with clear sound effect it be a good value . I have have this system for about 8 month and very seldom use the dvd . last night we purchase lose in translation and the dvd skip during the preview , then the player refuse to load the dvd after I eject and clean the disc . long story short , I hack the system accord to matta2k 's instruction later in this message board and now it work perfectly . we 'll see if I be still satisfy at the end of the year .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this denon system after a lot of web searchng and price compare . I want a kickass home system but can not afford the high end equipment . I spend many hour on-line and a couple in best buy look at mid-priced system . I narrow my choice to either this denon system or a equivelant Yamaha . I play with the new 7.1 system in the store , which make my choice easy . I want the Yamaha because of the name and dependability , and I prefer its reciever function . BUT , the speaker for the denon blow the yamaha 's out of the water ! if you look at the new system in best buy it come with little boston 's . the speaker that come with this setup be twice the size of the boston 's or the yamaha 's . I have have the system for almost a month and love it . the first 20 min I be very disappointed , until I figure out the volume go from negative to positive -lrb- I be stop close to zero and think that be it . . idiot -rrb- . I do the standard setup option for ease of get go , and I havent mess with it since because it sound great . it be in a large room in a 1700sqft house , and it will go much louder than you want . if yo want a 5.1 system for under $ 350 this be the bang for the buck , otherwise you better step up to expensive system . the only con I have be that both the reciever and speaker be bigger than you think ... so do some measuring ... I have to adjust my entertainment center a bit to fit in the reciever . enjoy !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be prob . the best item I ` ve boughten this year . . !!! totaly awsome system tv , radio , surround all in one . . ! great buy . .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the receiver be work pretty well until we have a recent power failure - since then it be difficult to get it to stay on . it like to flash the red standby button and fail to come on . my guess be there be something seriously wrong with it - follow the troubleshoot info in the manual and do not really feel like pay to send it for repair and wait , so will be look for a different brand receiver .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	`` wow '' I be very surprised at how good this sound for the money , thunder bass great surround . I pay $ 199 at Costco , the Costco guy say it be a great system and as a bonus it come with a ipod dock . I really do not plan on keep it , I just want to check it out . the guy at Costco say just return it if I do not like it he also say I probably would not return it . I find out later the dock alone retail around $ 80 . the guy be right I be keep it . `` great system ''
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be my first venture into home theater and I be very pleased . have purchase a Rio portable music player a few year ago , and be impress with the quality of that unit , I be hopeful that this system would reflect the same quality of design and construction . so far I have find this to be absolutely true !  i buy this system to replace my own system I have cobble together over the year . so I be able to replace my stereo receiver , cd player , vh player , dvd player , and two set of speaker , all in one suprisingly compact unit .  setup be easy and fast . I appreciate the l-o-n-g cable provide by the manufacturer . some unit I have see only come with 10 foot cable . the manual be very well write and easy to follow . within a hour I have make all of the connection , place the speaker , and program all of my cable station -lrb- auto - search -rrb- and fm radio station .  so far the unit have perform without a hitch . I like the variety of sound setup , include prologic , which be something not find on many lower-priced -lrb- and some high-priced -rrb- unit . it even have a feature to program delay on the speaker to customize it to you exact room configuration -lrb- incredible ! -rrb- .  the remote control be not overly cluttered , and be well lay out . it do not however , control the power on\/off for my tv set . so I have to keep that remote handy . it do not light up either , which would be useful at night . I replace a apex dvd player which have horrible search and control feature . this dvd player control be much more intuitive and straightforward .  the only shortcoming for some might be the passive subwoofer . it be fine for I , but if you want really booming bass , better to get a power subwoofer .  overall , this be a quality unit that be well think out by the mfgr . it have the most feature and power I have see on a unit in this price range .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just purchase it yesterday , this be we first ht experience . we be thrill by the surround sound so far , I be in the process of test all option , will update the review as well as star rating as I see more . so far , the pro be : 1 -rrb- excellent surround sound 2 -rrb- special hbass for additional bass be awesome 3 -rrb- play dvd , cd , mp3 very well 4 -rrb- interfaced quickly to my Philips tv , so can use the same remote for tv too . now can watch tv shows\/movies on home theater ! 5 -rrb- set-up with manual be quick and easy 6 -rrb- aesthetically my wife love the tower-front speaker 7 -rrb- 5-disc changer be such that you can put cds\/dvds in the unoccupied tray without interruption current cd\/dvd play . so far , the con be : 1 -rrb- do not play mpeg 2 -rrb- do not play vcd burn with divx 3 -rrb- remote have a gazillion option , will take time to master it ! 4 -rrb- Speaker wire which come with the HT be not great , will definitely need replacement down the line . New addition : pro 1 -rrb- Plays jpeg very well , it scan through you datum disc and display all jpeg file as a slideshow . file not recognize be skip . use `` playlist '' on the remote , be like use window explorer on the tv screen for select specific file .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this system sound great and be easy to set up . I would give it 5 star if it work 100 % of the time . however , my first one have squeal and buzz happen at random time when use the digital audio input -lrb- both coaxial and rca -rrb- . there have be multiple report of this on cnet 's user review as well . it do not happen on every system , but when it do , you 'll know it . I 'll be return the system today . I 'll try one more time , but if the second one do not work , I 'll go with Sony 's equivalent even though it have one less digital audio input .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy for and with my JVC 56 '' hd-ilum -lrb- jvc hd-56g886 ... see my review -rrb- rear projector big screen tv , I be look for space saving speaker to fit into a crowded family room ; and not have a large budget - rule out buy a component system that I think be necessary to give I the sound clarity I want . the front speaker on pole fit very nicely behind my JVC HD 56 '' tv set . the center channel speaker sit quite nicely on top of the tv screen - give great clarity on speak word - often muffle on other system . the rear speaker on pole -lrb- all speaker be detachable and can be wall mount -rrb- with diffuser top for room sound deflection work well with the informal decor in we family room . the speaker color and stand be the same silver\/plastic color as the tv set . JVC have a `` Smart Setup '' feature - as simple as clap you hand in the viewing\/listening area use a build in computer to determine sound delay - front to back and side to side between channel ... WOW !!!!! the 5 dvd player handle all kind of input - include CD , mp3 and dvd 's from most source . the 5 disk changer be difficult to load if put underneath the giant screen tv . it would be best place next to the set in a cabinet or shelf at about the 4-5 foot level for easier handling of the 5 dvd tray of the unit . the remote allow all function to be handle . my only disappointment -lrb- not surprisingly -rrb- be the 6 '' sub-woofer . the bass be good - not earthshaking - have not have any flatten out of low note ... the JVC thc6 have overall exceed my expectation from a `` box '' all in one home Theater unit . Works well for the price . have all the feature you need . speaker fit into most room with either pole or wall mount . good center channel sound for movie or tv dialog . only place to go up from here be a component unit for about twice the price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be look around town for a decent sorround sound system and this catch my eye ,5 speaker 1 subwoofer and the reciever for just over 200 dollar . they have a store demo so I give it a listen and be quite surprised . there be two system hook up to the T.V. , this one and a $ 350 sony system . out of the two this one sound the best , rumble low great clarity and the perfect ammount of speaker for a medium large to large room . it be just overall a great buy for the price . I purchase it , take it home and I must say it have do wonder for my home sound quality . when watch dvd not only do i hear the sound but I feel it . highly recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have have this Sony now for about 3 month and be not satisfy with this system . here be what I do not like about it . 1 . in dvd mode , this system be actually pretty decent . but once you switch it to tv mode when watch regular tv , it suck . I end up turn up my bass a lot in tv mode and turn it down a lot in dvd mode . why be the dvd mode so good and all other mode so bad ? this get really annoying as adjust the bass be not easy to do -lrb- see # 2 -rrb- . 2 . Sony make it really difficult to adjust the bass -lrb- which I end up do frequently -rrb- . although there be a `` woofer '' button on the remote , you can only adjust the bass when you be in dvd mode with no disc playing . why ? I have no idea , it be just so odd . 3 . I plug my ipod into the system and the sound suck bad . I mean really bad . I think my ipod be break . so to reiterate , do not buy this system . there be other system you can buy for around the same price that have better quality . do not get I wrong , I be not look for earth shatter bass or anything like that . I just want consistent decent quality sound on all different function -lrb- dvd , tv , etc. . . -rrb- . this systmem be only good in dvd mode .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a very good player at a very reasonable price .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this unit as a present for my husband , the first one we have only a month , it continually freeze up during frame until it finally freeze up and we could not get the door to open and give back the dvd . we return it and the new one have the same problem . the disc regardless of the brand skip , freeze up , the audio and video will become unlined . I believe one of the prior review be correct in say that the unit overheat . most of the time when we turn the unit it on it make a horrible loud noise , we will have to turn it off and on until it start up fine . the sound , once it get go , have great quality but I would not recommend purchase this item .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this receiver be absolutely phenomenal for the price it go for currently . Dolby Digital\/Pro Logic II and DTS decode couple with the three digital input plus 6 channel analog input mean that you can throw pretty much any home video audio at it and have it sound fantastic . most feature be cover with the remote but a select few use the receiver button and can be a pain to access ; luckily they be rarely used\/needed feature so it be not a big deal . the sound quality be great and easily configurable via a few remote press . if you want a low-hassle cheap 5.1 system than the ht05 be definitely the way to go . one problem I do run into : to use the dvd 6 channel analog input you have to press and hold the dvd input selector on the remote for a few seconds , otherwise the unit will leave out the center channel . this be poorly document in the manual and it take some trial and error to figure it out . once you know this however it be easy to set up and sound excellent .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system offer simplicity and powerful surround system . I notice if you setup the speaker in equatrial triangle from you listen position , you may enjoy the benefit of 5.1 virtual surround . the drawback be limited spot compare to regular 5.1 system . best when you play with dvd since it have multi-channel sound . I should lower the subwoofer level below normal for dvd movie . CD only produce stereo sound and the subwoofer level need to be adjust to higher level .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I have own this device for about 4 year now . most of these review up here be good enough to describe how it work , but if you be technically incline , please read on . use the device as a receiver be definitely not recommend . in Dolby pro Logic mode , delay can be anywhere from 40m to 80m . with Dolby Digital , the delay be worse -lrb- roughly 160m to 180m -rrb- , so voice seem can be delay . this be definitely noticeable when watch standard definition channel as they be not in Dolby Digital . mouth move and then voice come . however , if you plan on use this with any video game , be warn . be sure to calibrate you game -lrb- Rock Band and Rock Band 2 allow you to adjust the delay in video and audio separately -rrb- . without the fact that be play dvd , I would have rate this a 2 star . but since it play dvd well , I have to up the rating . dvd playback be good , but it lack the tech that come with today 's dvd player . back in the day , this be a decent product . now , it be time to move on .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	nice little system I pick up from Sears as a open box item . Easy to operate , put together and use right away . decent sound and function as expect for my current need ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you prefer a easier set-up than the typical surround sound 5.1 or 7.1 with front , Center , Rear speaker and sub , then this system be for you . soundbar with sub and rear speaker sound great . very easy set-up . grant for the REAL Hard Core sound folk , they will go with high end 7.1 sound system that will sound better BUT ... cost much much more . can use analog audio cord that come with unit , or digital optical cable as mention in many review . I have have my system up and run for over 2 month and no problem with anything ... all light work fine . I would highly recommend this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this just the other day and hook it up with the include a\/v cable and it work jut fine . then I go out and buy component cable to take advantage of the system 's Progressive scan capability . I hook it up and try to watch the lord of the Rings Extended Edition . it work fine and look amazing but then I switch it to DTS and there be a random loud thumping noise come from the subwoofer . it be very audible and very distracting during quieter scene . it sound like someone rub they hand over a inflated balloon . I check around on the internet and find a few other people have this problem . one of they speak with a customer service representative and he tell he that this happen because DTS and Progressive Scan be not compatible which sound crazy to I . we think it be a design flaw . I have email customer service myself and I hope they can help I but until then , be very wary when consider this system . if you do not have a progressive scan tv , do not worry about it and get this system which be actually a very good deal . if you want progressive scan and DTS -lrb- my personal favorite audio language -rrb- then avoid this system until Samsung get this work out . any help you all can offer will be appreciate .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase a LG television last fall and have really enjoy it . when I need a new combo system I find this lg system that fit my need . it be the only one in this price range that allow you to hook up already exist speaker . most unit have those little plastic plug that make you use they speaker . my u-verse dvr have a ethernet plug so the internet hookup be easy . it have a ipod dock and you can control you music playback onscreen . I have really enjoy use the online capability . Netflix be add more movie all the time and you can even view photo save with Picasa -lrb- Google -rrb- . create you own radio station use Pandora be icing on the cake . all-in-all , a great unit for the money .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a lot of research I choose this sound bar and be very glad I do . the sound be superb for we `` bedroom theater '' and it make a huge difference to we view experience . it be not in the same league as we living room 's sound system of course -lrb- nearly $ 2k -rrb- , but we do not expect that . one thing that be very important to we be the clarity of speak voice -lrb- i.e. center channel -rrb- . we boomer-generation ear be not what they use to be . this unit have the clearest voice channel we have ever hear on any system . this be a huge plus to we , and it enable we to keep the volume at comfortable level while still hear the voice clearly . the system have plenty of volume -- way more than we would ever need in we bedroom . the subwoofer be more than adequate , especially for a bedroom . most other sound bar system require you to put the receiver\/subwoofer on the floor , which can make it difficult to see the display and operate with a remote . I like have it where I can see it -lrb- the display be dimmable , by the way -rrb- . as other reviewer have note , it do not emulate true surround sound , but it be a nice compromise in my opinion . the look of the system be fantastic . the bar be very sleek , and the subwoofer\/receiver look very cool in we furniture . -lrb- we have a dresser that have two audio compartment along the top shelf , and a 50-inch plasma -rrb- . before buy it , I have to convince my wife that it would make a real difference to we view experience , and she kind of roll she eye . finally she agree to let I buy it as a early birthday present for myself . well , guess what ! she like it even more than I do . she feel that it totally change we bedroom , not only for tv viewing but also music -lrb- cable digital music channel -rrb- . the great music sound actually lead to we watch somewhat less tv and listen to more music . not a bad thing ! if you be look for a high-end system for you living room , this one will not blow you away , and you probably should not be consider a sound bar anyway . but for a bedroom or secondary tv watch area or a modest living room set up , it be a great way to go .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after read through all of the review , I decide to roll the dice and buy the Samsung ht-wp38 . there be a few write-up where people be complain about wire , hiss , skip , even customer service ... well , I have not see any of these issue . I think a lot of issue about wireless device can be attribute to people not understand the technology . this device use the 2.4 GHz band , the same band as a lot of cordless phone and wireless networking device . do you research , check you phone and wap , and replace anything that might interfere . I have a 5.8 GHz wireless router sit right behind this reciever and there be no interference , hiss , static , crackling . sound be crystal clear . and yes , the wireless just keep you from run wire from the front of the room to the back . the rear channel be wire to a reciever box , but it be no big deal to put that out of sight . I think the picture detail the setup well . anyway , overall a great entry level ht .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	we have have this for a year and it create a nice surround sound system . however , it try to default to the dvd each time you put it on and turn on the tv ; I have to reset it to the speaker for tv even if it be on that when I turn the tv off . sometimes it have to be set two or 3 time before it stay on that setting . very annoying ; be hope it would integrate better with my Panasonic tv .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this unit be a nightmare . the instruction appear to have be write by someone with alzheimer 's . there seem to be no logic to the operation of the unit nor be it there anything intuitive about it . every time you want to do something new with the unit , expect to commit a major chunk of time puzzling over the manual . the remote be make of some aluminum-type metal that rapidly corrode and partially obscure the name on the button . it can be incredibly hard retrieve a disk from the tray and the headphone jack be loose . the sound be fine for the price and I could care less about the appearance .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	excellent system ... powerful ... enough input and output -lrb- include hdmus -rrb- ... work very well with Samsung plasma tv ... order with wireless rear speaker module ... I highly recommend it and would purchase it again !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we have have several different type of home theater system and this one have have the best sound , easy to use .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great little system for the price . I have to return the first one because I have problem with the tv cut out while the sound continue . I replace the HDMI cable think it could be they , but it only happen when watch tv , not while play the Xbox etc. . after completely replace the system , I find it be actually the Motorola cable box & this system comflicting . the problem be the Motorola cable box drop signal every now and than , or the signal change . this cause the HDMI repeater on this unit to thing the system be turn off briefly and it try search the other hdmus connection for a signal . any hdmus repeater would probably have this same issue -lrb- unless it be a manual switch -rrb- the solution until Motorola can get they act together be to run a hdmus cable directly to the tv from the cable box . then run the optical out from the cable box to this unit . it be not a ideal solution but it fix the issue . you can find out more about this problem by search news group . I be not sure if Sony can fix this with a update or if it be a Motorola issue . other than the video issue , this be a great product for the price . do not let the above issue scare you off , because this unit have enough port to handle alot of different connection .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this Samsung base on the good review on this board , and because I have a Samsung tv . it be replace my $ 99 AMW soundsystem . I be fairly happy with my AMW , but it break after about 6 month . obviously bad quality . I think the Samsung would be ton better , consider it be three time the price ! not so . if the sound be better , I can not tell the difference . one thing be for sure , the dvd player be considerably worse - not only do it skip over most of my dvd-r 's , but it be loud ! yes , the dvd reader be loud when play - if you have the sound turn low , you can hear the laser seek through the disk . annoying as heck . other item be find sub-par :  1 -rrb- no disc memory - if you turn off the player , you start the dvd from the beginning . 2 -rrb- the remote look like it be design in the 80 's . no ergonomics , and certainly not easy to see\/use . it could not even be program to control my SAMSUNG tv . 3 -rrb- it be kind of annoy to have to run audio cable again , consider I already have some in place under my carpet . but samsung be nice enough to put cable attachment -lrb- that serve no purpose -rrb- on the end so they be not interchangable . they be standard wire themselves , so can be reuse with other system if you cut off the connector , but you can not put regular cable on the unit . 4 -rrb- the fan on the back be not too loud , but I \* can \* hear it . I think it be just a little weird to have a fan at the back . since it be not even inside the case , I imagine the skilled engineer at Samsung find that the test system run too hot , so attach this fan to solve the problem . not a big deal , something to keep in mind . 5 -rrb- there be not a lot of menu control that can be adjust for the sound or picture . 6 -rrb- mp3 playback be severely limited and extremely slow . sequential only , and to skip past track mean wait about 3 seconds per song . 7 -rrb- last but not least , there be no fast forward or REWIND . not all dvd movie have good chapter mark , some do not have any . since the player have no memory , you would have to play through the whole movie if you want to get to the part where you leave off . not worth the trouble .  this baby be go back !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this systom be a piese of crap , you turn it on it may or maynot work , very poor sound qulity , very small specker and remote . Vol . be so low I have to turn up tv to hear it . I would not recamend this to any one . thanks for reading my REVIEW
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this as a gift , and believe I when I say it be a terrible disappointment when I set it up and find that the sound come out of the center and surround channel -lrb- but not the front channel -rrb- be completely mangled by the receiver . I try everything , but no matter what , CDs play in pro logic and Dolby Digitial encode dvd sound awful . strangely , if I play cd or dvd in stereo , it sound great , so I believe there be something wrong with the surround channel amplifier .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	sound great ! there be many setting to pick from so learn how to use each of they can be somewhat confusing . can not beat this sound or this price ! Money well spend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have be around audio\/video equipment for a couple of decade , and I have see $ 15,000 component -lrb- farouja line doubler -rrb- or they equivalent go down to a small fraction of they price over the year . this be a fabulous example of how economic force have force price down . I set mine up today and I can hardly believe the quality of the picture and sound -lrb- for picture quality , of course , you need a monitor capable of 720 or whatever the number of line progressive scan dvd player put out -rrb- . now for sound , I have be around high-fi nut since the early ' 50 's , when some of the stuff be hardly in enclosed cabinet . you might not get better sound quality than this item put out until you get into thousand of dollar , plus a acoustically correct room . go for this , and spend the savings on dvd 's .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	nine month ago I think I be buy a good value product but now I realize that I buy a bomb ... the whole system stop work with a dvd inside . I could not manage to open the dvd ... worse , the service center that I be call do not work anymore ... do not buy from KLH never ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	to start , I be very familiar with high-end home theater system , as I have spec would and install system from modest-budget system to $ 16k system . I personally own a fairly nice home theater\/music system . I buy the Koss base on other customer review for a friend who just recently move into a studio apartment . for approx . $ ... , I be truly astounded by the decent quality of the audio and video . the vocal be clear and intelligible . it perform acceptably well for those Hollywood `` WOW '' action scene . stereo playback of CD 's sound far better than anything else in its price range . can it compare to system cost thousand more ? no. . but it certainly hold it be own to system cost hundred more . installation be simple . after break open the box , I have the whole system connect and place in 10 minute . the connection be all well-labeled and color code . the satellite speaker even come with thread to accept placement use any off-the-shelf universal wall-mount , which be how I setup the surround . remember , this whole audio system , include integrate amp and tuner , cost less than many dvd player alone ! so what be my nitpick ? well , system setup of the speaker be bury in the on-unit menu system , and set the clock be a pain because I have to dig through the manual to find the direction , which end up be slightly confusing . as with all system , to make the most out of its capability , speaker\/sub placement need to be carefully do , especially with the limited capability of the `` sub '' to ensure that it do not sound too boomy . when compare to a class higher in quality , the sound be too accentuate in the midrange , while the bass could do with considerably more articulation and the high could be more detailed . though overall , especially consider the price , I can not imagine a better home-theater\/music system value for $ ... a very surprising 5 star !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have no complaint with the quality of this system . it sound great and the disc-changer be extremely quiet and fast compare to other . one word of caution : the satellite speaker be a bit larger than I expect . you can not tell it from the pic on this site , but without the stand each one be approximately the same height as the subwoofer . and do not assume that the elongate design make they any less bulky . they be still just as wide and deep as other satellite , only twice as tall . I start out with all four speaker on the stand provide and feel that they look ridiculous in my average size living room . the stand be silver plastic , have a large plastic base , and be not very thin . I end up wall-mounting the two rear speaker and buy skinnier metal stand for the front satellite . I could not be happier with the outcome .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this product work well for a year . now the dvd drive be dead . I wish I have spend more money on a better quality system . I purchase this product base on review on Amazon.com . $ 220 down the tube .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have these speaker for 5 year and I guess it be long enough to give they a review . I be look for a chea ... inexpensive set of speaker to go with my -lrb- then new -rrb- denon receiver . after day of research I figure that big brand do not sell anything of quality that cheap , but I find a unknown company that people seem to like , Fluance . so I go to the website and buy these speaker . a few day later they come in nice double box . the main look pretty sturdy . they have golden plate connector on the back and can be doubled-wired -lrb- not that I think anyone will bother to do it -rrb- . after I hook they up -lrb- and after a break-in period -rrb- they start produce very clear sound . Bass be obviously not very deep . but you can not expect it and Fluance have a matching subwoofer now so it should not be a problem . unfortunately back and especially center be much smaller and less powerful -lrb- minus one star -rrb- . sound from the center be not that great especially with music . I wish they put a bigger one in the package but after all it be reasonably ok with movie so I be still keep it . although , again , Fluance have a matching center speaker for sale -lrb- I guess it be part of they marketing strategy -rrb- . after four year of use they I be think of buy a `` brand name '' speaker but I can not convince myself to spend 10 time more money to get something that be only 10 percent better . people seem to think that Fluance be `` white van '' speaker and they be obviously not . I be yet to find something in this price range that sound even remotely that good . and you can always put a fake logo on they to show they off to you friend ...
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : Easy set up . this be a great sound system . blu-ray playback work great . Netflix work great . Pandora work great . con : YouTube be horrible . Video quality be unacceptable and sound be delay at least a second as compare to video ; this make all YouTube content unwatchable on this system . also since there be no keyboard it take forever to enter you search phrase in the YouTube app . it will take you less time to hook up you laptop to a tv , and do a search on it with regular keyboard , than try to search for a particular video on this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be look for home theater system for family room . I want small footprint due to lack of space . this soundbar from Yamaha be perfect fit in my small space . I be very happy with sound quality of this product . however , do not expect the surround sound effect that you can experience from dedicate surround speaker . I be little skeptical about receiver\/sub woofer combo . but sub woofer sound great . Easy to setup . I hook up DVR , dvd and Apple TV to receiver . now I can experience great sound from all source . I would definitely recommend this product . I also buy harmony 300 remote to control all device with one remote .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have have a Sony dav-fc7 for about 1 1\/2 year . I know when I buy it that there be a few bad review , but like anything , it be expect that not everyone will be happy with it and there will be a bad experience here or there . plus it be not a top of the line device anyway . however , the odds of have a bad experience with this unit be unrealistically high as note by the other 28 review post just on Amazon . I primarily use mine for the home theater aspect . it be only have a couple dozen dvd 's play probably . recently while try to watch a dvd , it lock up 3-4 time just like a computer lock 's up - but computer lock up be generally due to configuration or software issue , not hardware . I have to cycle the power each time to get anything to respond , then find my place again in the movie . now just two day ago , I notice that it have the ` standby ' message flash continuously , the same as many other have note . I can unplug it to ` reset ' it , however , now I can hear audio , but have no picture come though it . the dvd part do not work at all , I think there be a stuck dvd in it . the ` reset ' appear to have only short term effect as well . I have to unplug it each time I turn it off - otherwise the ` standby ' message take over . of my last 3 Sony purchase -lrb- vcr , dvd , camera -rrb- , 2 of the 3 have be flaw . shortly after I purchase a Sony vcr , the front panel display go out . everything else seem to work okay -- you just can not tell by look at it what it be do or even if it be on\/off . nice craftsmanship\/design - Sony . I be hope my camera fair better over the long term - which should be consider longer than a few month or 1 1\/2 . I can guarantee , Sony will not get any more of my dollar for a long time .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	nice sound , I will admitt for the price , I get big sound , with quality . only thing be a humming , hissing sound when machine be idle . Ohtherwise , worth it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this ht 10 day ago . I be imppress by the sound . incredible sub-woofer . a lot of control over the audio , BUT ...  - I cound ' t play my mp3 . strange sound and `` jump '' . I try different Panasonic in the store , and it be always the same . it be a problem with the model . do not buy it if you want to play mp3 's with you home Theater .  - horrible interfase -lrb- guus -rrb- . Tiny icon on the screen .  - when you try to change from one disk to another it take a l -lrb- o -rrb- t of time .  finally , I change the Panasonic for a Sony DAV c-770 . it be so ... cool !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	5\/5\/08 : I just order this from WalMart -lrb- online -rrb- for $ 356.54 -lrb- it be not in any of my local store - you can check on the website -rrb- . they 'll even ship it to you local store for free . I be not promote WalMart but I think we should help each other out . another benefit be , if you hook it up and do not like it , just repack it and bring it to you closest WalMart and get a refund . hard to beat . 5\/10\/08 : I be look for a small avr for my master bedroom . I do not want 5.1 . normally we 'll just watch tv in there , occassionally a dvd and possibly the radio . we have a full blow home theater in the family room that be use for serious audio\/video . this unit certainly hit the mark for `` small '' . the main unit be unobtrusive and the speaker be small . the subwoofer be a bit on the big side , but be not they all ? we have it tuck away next to a dresser . setup be very easy . I only refer to the manual once . I have a high def . cable box connect to it and I have the x1 connect to a Panasonic plasma tv via the HDMI cable -lrb- which be not supply by the way -rrb- . when I power everyte on it all work just fine out of the box . the dvd load quickly and the playback be great . the tv be 720p and the dvd I load be 480 ; the x1 do a nice job of upscale the picture and the audio be awesome -lrb- it be StarWars 3 , lot of light saber , thing blow up -rrb- . be it surround sound ? of course not , it only have 2 speaker and a subwoofer . while I be never fool into think the sound be come from all direction I do not expect it to . if you be look for the full surround sound experience , go buy a 5.1 or 7.1 system . if you be look at the x1 and the bose 321 - give this one a serious look . it be a lot less money -lrb- I get it for 350 on WalMart 's website -rrb- and it sound great . a note on the remote . I only use it for a few day and it be ok but not great . I use a Harmony Universal Remote so I just program it to handle the x1 .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just receive this stereo as a gift , and I have to say , I be quite surprised ! it be very unassuming base on appearance , but once you get everything hook up , the stereo really come alive ! I watch a few movie , and be blow away by how much depth the system have , as well as the full range provide by the surround 5 speaker . also , allow optical audio input make this essentially a receiver with a built-in dvd player . however , I personally do not use the dvd player on this unit , as I do not need it . Worth note , this unit do NOT have any hdmus input ! it only have one output , and that be for the built-in dvd player . it be need for setup , but after that , you can safely ignore the hdmus output . also , when use the optical audio input , be sure to set the receiver to Cable\/TV mode to get you sound . = -rrb- also , base on market price , I would say it would be hard to find something this good for this price . if you be look for a all-in-one unit that have great sound and a great price and be easy to setup , this be definitely worth consider .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have use it for a week work fine good sound -lrb- for the money -rrb- great look exeed my expectation . te volume be not really loud but for a medium room will work grat . if you be lloke for a budget all in one not need real power speaker this be it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this system be the next evolution of the ht900 and ht920 . both of which have design flaw . I speak with a panasonic service engineer about the ht900 and he verify a pop noice come from my sub be a know issue with the sub , but no recall be issue . after 3 month of discussion they replace with 920 . after own a little over a year I have issue with the sub on this system also . there local certified repair company tell I there be a issue with the design of the circuit board on this system . different problem from the 900 . they say they though Pansonic would replace but after numerous conversation they do not . they make good tv but low quality home theater in a Box and do not stand behind they product .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this item be just good look junk ! after search on-line all day i realize that I be not the only one with this problem , or the only one who just have to trash this whole system ! tray i.n.t. I !!! that be all it say , then wait ! for hour , it will do nothing , totally lock up , try unplug for 30 minute to `` reset '' try remove the dvd 's . I have find two consistent complaint by many people on-line - the pop and the Tray I.N.I. t , some date back to 2007 , some as recent as my system . from a company who seem to have have customer complaint as far back as two year for the same issue and still no fix ! save yourself $ 500.00 . Panasonic be trash .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	these mount be nice look and they work well for hold up small surround speaker . the package include a very complete selection of mount screw and hardware . the special nut include for keyhole speaker work surprisingly well at secure the mount so that I could angle the speaker as desire . about the only point of caution be that these mold plastic mount be definitely for small speaker only . I have a Onkyo 7.1 home theater in a box . the surround speaker I have mount be about 7 `` x10 `` x3 '' . the mount hold they securely enough , but be probably at the upper limit as far as weight . if you speaker be more than the recommend weight , you will need a stronger mount . overall I recommend this package . the price be decent and the product effective .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I love SONY PRODUCTS ... HOWEVER , THIS be the worst . I have have my system for less than 3 month ... and have have to send MY SYSTEM back to SONY 2 TIMES for the same problem . the SYSTEM have a mind of ITS OWN and OFTEN will not accept a dvd or cd . if it do ACCEPT , IT MAY NOT EJECT IT ! the MOTOR in the CAROSEL CHANGER be a constant problem . the ODD THING be that I only use the system maybe twice a week . it be not display in a awkward location . just the worst -- be a UNDERSTATEMENT . if you be going to PURCHASE THIS SYSTEM , THINK twice ... unless you do not MIND FOOTING the SHIPPING BILL MONTH AFTER MONTH , and if you do not MIND be without your SYSTEM more OFTEN THAN NOT .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have have to contact RCA multiple time because this player do not play anything . it will just randomly decide that dvd -lrb- brand new -rrb- be not of the right format ?! the first time I call RCA , they say I need to clean the lens and that they be go to send I a cleaning kit . it never come . I buy one myself , but cleaning be not the problem . the product do not work .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my husband think it be great , just what he want . he look for a while before we order & he be well pleased .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok so youre look for a home theater system to top off you big screen , dvd and whatever else you have and you think to you self the only way to get a nice sound and high volume be to get bose speaker and a 700 watt 7.1 system well youre wrong see this be the cheapest price home theater system ive ever see or hear that doesnt suck its great ill tell you this , this system be gonna give bose a run for its money it acctually sound better than bose -lrb- just my opinion though -rrb- but ill tell you the subwoofer isnt much for super large room mainly because its passive -lrb- not power -rrb- but i get to the store after i see it in a magazine not expect much and turn it on go through the menu to turn it to my sound preference and it blow I away
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i be extremely pleased with my purchase of the Yamaha yht-494bl 5.1 home theater system ... the quality of the sound be excellent ... the system totally bring out the sound involve in my gaming , work wonderfully with my xbox 360 , ps3 , and the blu-ray movie play on the ps3 ... worth every penney , for not alot of dough ... if you on the fence , no worry , top kit product ... Yamaha know a few thing about quality sound , since they produce musical instrument for a long time , and may i add some beautiful motorcycle ... ; -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the second rca home theater system we have have in three year . the first one last 2.5 year with problem start 14 month after purchase . the latest one rtb10223 last only 14 day !! I will not purchase another rca system again . this stuff be absolute pure crap !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I like how this soundbar look and be a very clean package . I have not have any led light issue and it work fine with my 64 inch samsung plasma , , , sound be very good , , bass and sub be respectable , , i love the no mess wireless sub and rear speaker , , , over all a great buy for the $ 250 i spend on it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	superb quality !!! clear sound and easy setup , great design and price ! like my tv , bd-rom and laptop , Sony proof again they quality control and engineering brain : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this system because it be well-priced and it have the hdmus switching that I require , with 4 hdmus input . after go through some setup , the system sound quite good . the speaker be make of wood and seem to be of good quality . however , sometimes the sound would screech loudly for a second when switch HDMI source . and pretty soon the receiver start freezing up and become unresponsive to any button press or the remote . the only way to unfreeze it be to unplug it from the wall . this be unacceptable . I have do some research and it seem to be a common problem , although I could not determine why it happen . the best I could find be that it be possibly a hdmus processing issue . I want to like this system - I have use denon before with little issue . it be also a pain in the neck to have to unplug everything , package it , and send it back . but I be still return this system and get another brand . sorry denon . on the up side , Amazon have be fantastic regard the return , as usual .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this be pretty much a soup up dvd player . take you standard dvd player and add : amplifier , speaker , am\/fm tuner . and that be what you get extra for you extra -lrb- money -rrb- . the sound be good for the price . the mp3 player be frustrating . yes it do play you song , but they navigation be non-existant , neither be shuffle or other interesting -lrb- and standard -rrb- way to control the playing of the song . the dvd player feature be same as you can find in any cheap player . for I the two real advantage of this system be : price , and have many component integrate under the same remote control .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have this system for about a week now and it sound pretty good . I be very impressed with the sound quality for a $ 300 system . I do have one complaint though . I can not figure out how to get it to play my tv in surround sound . it play the dvd 's in surround and its sound great , but when I put it on `` AUX '' for tv , it only play out of the front 2 speaker .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase mlt-2 after look at various speaker for long time . Amazon and Newegg have it for a great price of $ 350 with free shipping and I jump all over it on Amazon due to its friendly return policy . I have have it for a month now and I love it . originally , I be plan to buy 2 additional floor standing speaker to make it a 7.1 channel set up , but now with the quality of sound , I be not plan to add as I be very satisfied . the subwoofer be also very powerful . overall its a great buy .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be look for a low-profile integrated blu-ray dvd player and sound bar to position on my mantle below a new flat panel tv . it seem like the trend have move away from integrate the two component , as many of the remain dvd sound bar do not play blu-ray and Sony seem to have discontinue new generation of this product . pro : the form factor for this device be fine , the blu-ray output look good . con : too many speaker wire and only one hdmus port . limited adjustability of speaker volume level -lrb- I like to increase the center channel so that speech be not totally lose in the surround sound effect -rrb- . no blue tooth connectivity .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well , I would like to warn everyone about a serious -lrb- in my view -rrb- shortcoming of this system , which to I come as a big surprise . I be not a tech junkie , so I do my research in mainstream media - Consumer Report , Amazon etc. . . and I have not see this emphasize anywhere - there be no Optical \/ Coaxial Audio Input ! well , I do not know what it mean , but now I do - you have to connect you cable box to the system via regular red\/white cable . thus , if you have a digital cable where many tv program -lrb- movie , football , etc. . . -rrb- come in 5.1 , you can not get the full 5.1 out of home theater . only when you watch dvd or listen to cd . now , I be not a tech person , and I love several thing about the system - very easy to set up , one unit do dvd and VCR , etc. . . it play dvd great , both video and sound . yet , unless someone can explain to I how to overcome the above mention shortcoming , I be plan on go through the hustle of packing everything back and return the item . another warning - customer service be not very helpful , in respond to question on set up the system . best of luck !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I purchase this unit because I want the 4 hdmus switching and think I would stick with Samsung since I like they display . the unit have decent feature and a attractive design . however , after set it up I discover that when view content from my dvr , if I pause , rewound or forward the audio would take 4 seconds to sync up . the Samsung be replace a Yamaha receiver and I do not have this issue with the Yamaha . I also have a problem with the unit not remember any setting I program -lrb- memory would wipe when power off -rrb- . I contact Samsung support via email , and do not ever receive a reply . I return the unit to Amazon and replace it with a Onkyo system that I have have good result with .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Easy setup Love the Pandora and streaming Netflix Bluray be incredible highly recommend
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be AMESOME ! have a ton of power , great supwoofer , loud speaker . it be easy to set up \/ adjust , and a really low price . what else could you ask for ? I do a lot of research before I buy this . I be debate between denon and yamaha . what ultimately persuade I be the size and `` sturdiness '' of the denon speaker . they be so much bigger , and be build really well , encase in wood . the whole system be huge & heavy , just all around well make . thing you almost never see anymore . also , Denon 's reputation for good receiver be another tipping point . overall , I be glad I spend a little more to get this system . Worth every penny ! would definately recommend this system to anybody look to buy they first ht system . it will blow you off you couch !!!!!!!!! only con I have be that the receiver freeze up once in a while . unplug it and plug it back in seem to fix it . its more annoying than anything , but I can deal with it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	wow ! , if you be ready for the digital sound , this be the system to start with that type of sound . I like a lot because the receiver have a lot of input and output and the satellite speaker be very comfortable . you do not have to spend a lot of money in a home theater because this be the best ! .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	1st let I start by say thank you amazon 4 the fast delivery of the Martin logan mlt-2 surround sound system . then I say i be and school audiophily from new york where back in the day street dj 's would bring there audio equipment out in the neighborhood and play at block party and other event . i also spend time at different club look and list to the different turntable and speaker that be be use at that time . and they use great stuff , so i know good sound when i hear it . heart pound bass , smooth midrange , and those ear tickle high . i have own some of the best mis price system around . which bring I 2 the martin logan\/mlt -2 . currently i pump they with a pioneer vsx-921k , onkyo 5dic cd changer that be about 5yr old and still work flawless , and 4 my tv and bluray i use 42 `` samsung lcd and samsung bluray player . 4 music i play anything from gospel 2 rock . and watch old worldwar2 movie to today moveie like Transfomers . the mlt-2 's give u everything from rock solid bass with music and those super low boom u can only hear at the theater . the midrange and dialogue be smooth and clear , the high be rich tinglely . they sound better than the bose321 that i previously own and the time i purcashed they they cost over a 1000.00 dollar . so 4 any body look 4 great home theater speaker u do not need 2 look any further than the Martin logan mlt-2 . great job martin logan .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I replace a 10 year old unit with this new one . for the price , the sound be great . the installlation be super easy , just plug eveything in , connect the microphone , and it balance the speaker automatically .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be want a home theater system for a long time and this one be a great first choice . the instruction take a little longer to digest through than I think they would , but within 2 hour everything be set up , adjust and I be watch a dvd . Great for someone who already have a dvd player they like and only need the basic system . I live in a apartment and the sound be fantastic .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	very please with this product . very easy to setup , and the integrate subwoofer\/tuner save a ton of space . all component can fit within exist tv stand , minimize clutter . sound be great . will not compete with a true-surround setup , but the point with this product here be to get as close to that without run wire or spending over $ 500 . would recommend to anyone look for a simple , affordable and quality set up for a single room set up . the optional ipod cable be a complete waste of money , can not believe they expect someone to shell out $ 60 for it ... I opt for a $ 2 aux out cable instead , and it sound great .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have to return the product and get a Yamaha model instead since the unit would not turn on for several hour after it be turn off . it just keep go into standby mode . I really like the design of this unit , it be really good look and no visible button on the front , but the ease of use be a joke . I have to scroll through a lot of menue to find setting to control the unit . the Yamaha I buy be a update version of the one I have have for several year and work like a champ , sound great and be easy to use . I have all my component hook into the HDMI port and run one hdmus through the wall to my mount television . so simple and look great . I just wish that this unit have work and have be easier to use . Disappointed !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	THis be one of the best electronic device that I have ever purchase . increadible ease of setup , Fabulous 5.1 surround sound . I just can not believe how well match this system be . I have sit in $ 1,000 system and not hear as good as sound dynamics and clarity . this be a BEST buy and I highly recommend it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	recent Update : after buy a hdtv , I go in search of a new system -lrb- settling on a onkyo -rrb- to replace this one . the main reason be the kenwood have only 2 digital input , no component switching , and a weak passive sub .  I recently purchase this system at a best buy during a promotion , so I get the system + monster cabling for 500 . I compare the system to the Sony and to the various other system in the store , and by far I find this to have the nicest , cleanest , deepest sound . I be consider one levle down , the 505 . that system do not have a dvd player , be a 100 buck cheaper , have a notch down in the receiver but do have a power sub . in compare the sound quality , I think that the 705 be at least 1.5 - -rrb- 2.0 x better . with the addition of the dvd changer , it be a no brainer . in term of sound quality , the only system -lrb- in best buy -rrb- that I find to have higher quality be on the 1000.00 ballpark . operation of the system be excellent . sound and picture quality be noticeably improve . the Prologic II be excellent , make dvd completely immersive . overall , I have no complaint about the quality of the system . I think this be a super deal particularly if you can get ahold of any dealings to get the monster cable with it -lrb- 10 - -rrb- 50 % improvement with those cable at least , I think -rrb- the dvd\/mp3\/cd changer be very nice . setup on the system be easy with cable + vcr + dvd that come with it + xbox . the xbox have a surround kit that I have not yet research , but if it work will buy . now the bad stuff : 1 -rrb- mp3 name do not scroll . for 500 buck , I think this should have a feature my 80 dollar cd\/mp3 have . 2 -rrb- complex remote . I think this be almost every system on this level , but have use a few I think this one be particularly complicate . you basically need to read through the book to do almost anything but the simplest control properly . 3 -rrb- monster Cable Orientation . when I setup my system with the monster theater pack , I notice on day 2 terrible sound . the intuitive slant downward orientation of the cable be wrong , and they have all slip out . I have to flip they all 180 degree . after this no problem , but this be annoying .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	prior to any comment regard the performance of this system , I should note that , due to extensive research on dvd player , there be no surprise here . I have be read product review on this subject for over a year and select this unit base on my individual need . the Sony dav-x1 be to be use in conjunction with my Sony SXRD rear projection tv in a relatively small family room . the fact that a hdmus cable could be use here be a factor . the two speaker , plus woofer , work out nicely in a limited space area . and , there be really no sacrifice in sound quality that be meaningful . if you happen to literally have a home theater in a large room and have no problem with set up and enjoy four or more speaker , this be not the unit for you . to paraphrase a old say , `` anything over a earful be waste . '' how often can most of we crank up the sound without wake the kid , the neighbor , or inflict damage to we eardrum . I have always equate the sense of sound with the sense of smell . the distinctiveness of either be readily apparent for a short time , after which there be only good or bad . this unit produce good sound , quite adequate for anything I would ever need to hear either on dvd , tv , CD , or FM radio . should I ever win the lottery , I will be more than willing to go high end however ... I recommend this system to people who appreciate good sound and do not feel the need to entertain the neighborhood .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	enjoy you movie and music with this system ...  when I be go to buy my home theater system , I listen to at least another 5 system of other brand and other configuration  when I hear the Bose Lifestyle 12 , I be impressed .  you definetely get what you pay for ; go for it and do not waste you time look at other brand .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have be a long-time fan of Sony , so it be my first choice when I begin look for a ht system . I buy the 740 and set it up with little trouble - love the compact size of the satellite speaker .  i crank it up and the disappointment begin . even with the power sub turn up full , the bass response be dismal , and leave it on full produce a hiss . the sound be send heavily -lrb- it sound like 60 % - 70 % -rrb- to the center channel speaker , which greatly reduce the surround effect . you be also very limit in you ability to redirect sound or set level for the surround speaker ; essentially you set they level by set they distance from the viewer . the catch be that the reciever limit the range of distance you can set . if you set the front speaker at 15 ' , you can not set the rear speaker at 5 ' . basically all distance must be within 5 ' of each other , which keep all speaker level about the same . I wind up hear very little out of the rear channel speaker , even when play cd . when I choose one of the music setting , like jazz , concert or hall , the center channel problem be avoid , because it would not be utilize , but the sound out of the other speaker be tinny and flat .  i give the system 2 1\/2 month to win I over . in the end , I break the ladder back out , take the whole system down , and return it to the store . I know I have not pay a ton for this system , but I expect more than I get . I find it mediocre at best .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	this system have solid sound at lower level and can easily accomodate less demand audio need . if you be look for a small but complete package , this will serve nicely . do not expect this to handle higher volume level without distortion , though .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I do a lot of research , like most of you will do , and determine that this be the best I could do with my budget . my primary concern be sound quality and get enough power for a large room -lrb- 19 ' x 20 ' -rrb- this do well in those regard , while you sacrifice in other area . for this price you can not have everything ! pro : the component seem quality build . the receiver be heavy and well ventilate . the speaker be heavy and wooden . everything be just sturdy . it ship well pack in a heavy box . the amplifier itself be the same circuitry and power rating you 'll find in more expensive denon receiver , like the 591 and 1611 . from what I gather it be THD and power compare well with more expensive model . it certainly do a good job with the include speaker . it will get ridiculous house party loud , no worry . the hdmus input give no problem . Denon be sometimes note for handshake problem , but I do not encounter any . I have a Motorola DVR , a Sony bdp-s570 blu-ray and a Samsung pnc50c450 and they all sync up perfectly . I do the latest firmware update on each device prior to the Denon arrive . the sound be pretty tweak-able , if you have the patience . more on that later . the include speaker wire be long . con : set this thing up be tedious . there be no surround auto setup . you need to measure you speaker distance manually . you need to tweak the loudness of each speaker to you liking . they should all be equal . you need to specify the type of each speaker . . etc. . the menu be not very intuitive . the include speaker wire be pretty thin 22 gauge . I suppose this be ok , but it seem fragile and I prefer some more durable , less resistive 16 gauge wire for the long run in my room . you may want to play with the crossover frequency also . let the sub handle everything below 200hz provide the best result in my case . at first I think the sound be muddy . I then do some research on room acoustic and speaker positioning . most real expert -lrb- the one that work in the field and\/or adhere to the scientific method -rrb- agree that the room it be acoustic and the position of you and you speaker be the single most important variable in sound quality . I completely agree after re-position my speaker three time . the most significant change be move the sub-woofer out of the corner and into the open . I also get some quality mount . in conclusion , do some research , put you speaker in the right spot , work with the setup for 3 or 4 day until you get the sound you want and crank it up . after all that , holy cow ! crank it up !
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I think I would give KLH a try base on several review that this company make good gear . this be a big disappointment . these speaker have nothing - they sound like tin can . now you could say you get what you pay for , but I honestly can not find anything nice to say about they . they have no bass , the midrange be muddy - seem like a few octave be simply miss , and the high be loud , but not crisp . the subwoofer be somewhat decent , but its not really 50 watt . it be 25 watt RMS , 50 watt peak . RMS should be the only rating you look at , as it be a more standardized measure of power . I return mine to the store
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	wonderful crystal clear sound , get all the feature I want : VCD , CD , mp3 , progressive scan , DTS , pro Logic , 5-cd changer ... only complain be the disk changer be sort of slow , but hey , as long as I dont have to get off the couch . : -rrb- my 1st buy be a Panasonic sc-ht75 from circuitcity . it be nice , but the quiet rear speaker be really disappointing . now that Amazon be sell sc-ht95 at amost the same price I pay for the sc-ht75 -lrb- after the rebate for 95 and tax for the 75 -rrb- , I make the switch immediately . with 75 , I have to turn up the rear speaker to max and turn down the front speaker to feel a hint of ` surround ' sound . for 95 , even at a low volumn I can vividly hear bullet fly pass by my ear ! Hav not get a chance to test the progressive scan yet , which be a major feature the sc-th75 lack . all in all , excellent machine and powerful speaker at a great price , highly recommand it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system be excellent for the price . plenty of power for my intention and be simple to hook-up . dvd and cd and tuner mode be very good with simple remote operation . I would recommend this system to all . who wish a low cost unit with good sound quality .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	take 5 minute to set up and for the price this system be outstanding , I be not sure I do the right thing when i click to buy but I be glad i do . rca be a good value and now im think about a new tv and rca have some nice cheap large model so I be now consider a rca base on value and quality . get this system . ITS great
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have only have it for about a month and so far its be great i have hear all brand of shelf system and this one be the best yet you can crank it all the way up with no distortion the only drawback be if something happen to the remote you in trouble because you cant control nothin without it the cd dvd changer drawer do look flimsey but so far no problem in short if you want a nice system for the bedroom or office this be the one .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy my Vizio VHT510 5.1-Channel Home Theater System via Amazon.com . the actual seller be GPCK INC , I think . as indicate in many product review , the lead volume indicator on the soundbar stop work in jun 2012 . when I call Vizio , they tell I that since I do not buy it from a authorized retailer , my warranty be invalid . therefore , they do not help I . even though I send they my original invoice , they say that GPCK INC should not sell these item . they do not believe that I buy it new , and they consider I that I be try to cheat . they admit that the lead issue be a known issue , but would not help I . -lrb- base upon the serial number , they tell I that they sell this item to Sam 's Club -rrb- I also call Amazon.com customer service rep , and they be willing to ship this product back , and give a refund . they be much nicer , and more helpful - not even comparable to Vizio . I really do not understand how a company -lrb- Vizio -rrb- can stay in business with such customer service . I would advise all of potential buyer to stay away from they !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	these be amazing speaker at this price point !! I connect these use Pioneer 1120k receiver and the sound quality be amazing : -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we get this system in June , and although it work great for a few month , this weekend it freeze in the `` hello - protection - Goodbye '' describe in other review here . read other ' experience , I expect we 'll just replace this with something that do not have so many dissatisfied customer .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	it look like it would be so easy but when I go to hook it up to my relatively new tv it do not work . now I have to re-package everything and send it back : - -lrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... it be the best home Theater System for the money bar none ... I have be a a avid Aiwa fan for over 23 year now and have never be disappoint with they product . from my first cassette deck in 1979 to my latest purchase of the ht-d980 , that be still the case .  the ht-d 980 have 120 Watts x 5 which will blow you door off if not careful ! the speaker and subwoofer include in the package sound awesome and can crank with no discernible distortion even at ear-splittingly high level . it be amazing .  the unit have a plethora of digital input to assure you have enough hook-up for you digital equipment ; i.e. , dvd , etc. . it even offer a coaxial digital input which be nice , in addition to 3 optical input , plus it even offer a optical digital output ! as far as regular rca audio\/video input , it have 3 input and 3 output as well as one set of in\/out on the front of the unit for quick connection of such thing as a video camera , etc. . also for anyone still hold lp 's the unit have a phono input which be not so common anymore in the marketplace ! too , another awesome feature be 2 s-video input and output for connection of svh equipment and output to you s-video equip television for superior resolution .  other Home Theater feature be 5:1 channel analog input and Dolby pro Logic . the unit have a graphic equalizer to tailor music or video to you taste and a bass-enhancing feature call super t-bass which be great for that extra ` ooomph ' out of the subwoofer I need to hear in my Rock music or the soundtract to Apocalypse now and the door . the tuner in the unit be awesome with 32 preset , all digital . the unit 's display be not only cool look but well lay out and informative ; I especially like the surround display , it rock !  no drawback , only superb performance typical of Aiwa product ! grab it , you will not be sorry .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be very disappointed with this system , my integrate tv speaker sound better than this system , needless to say I have return it . after read review and see the `` savings '' I think it would be a good buy . the biggest problem be the sound bar do not produce quality sound . it be a small cheap feeling bar , and it sound , well , small and cheap . the bar have no middle , and the result be no matter what the setting , I have difficulty understand dialog during movie . imagine hook up a subwoofer to you cell phone speaker . the integrate receiver and subwoofer seem like a good idea when I purchase . however , after set up and some use some problem with this setup become obvious to I . First be you have a component that will now vibrate . this mean it be recommend keep it isolate from device such as tv and dvd\/blueray player . the receiver be bigger than I expect so this become more of a issue than I expect . Second be that unless you have some odd home theater setup , the result of this integration be that you have a line of sight bass reflex port point at you . this make the bass unpleasant . instead of that bass fill the room feeling , it be come right at you from one place . I now understand why most subwoofer face down or towards the wall . I have a open floor plan room so I return think maybe my room be too big for a sound bar . however end up try a VIZIO soundbar with wireless subwoofer . the result be a great surprise . my room be not to big for a soundbar , this one just be not very good .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Staticy \/ teapot whistle constantly . do not support blu ray live on any disc I have try . Netcast be nice and work well , but I buy this primarily for sound and that it do poorly .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have enjoy the system , but the remote quit work the second day i have it . I send for a replacement remote , but they send I a entire new system . upon receive the new system the next remote do not work either . I be just go to send this back and get my money back . if it be impossible to make a remote that work , then rca do not deserve my money . I be sure if the remote work , this would be a nice system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	thats right , a home theater package in one box . I start look for a home theater system around the holliday . in the paper , magazine , on the web , and in the store . with all different kind of model and size its hard to decide what right for you . finally I decide I would just start with a simple home set up and improve from there because I do not want to pump a bunch of money in a electronics package that be too expensive or just overwhelming . I come across radio shack look for a new phone and think I would just check they out . to my astonishment they do . I download the pdf file of the manual with the spec -lrb- I will not go into all of those -rrb- and price for comparison to other system . I be also get a game console that have a dvd player -lrb- since I do not own one I could kill two bird with one stone -rrb- and want the best sound I could get without take out a loan . after look around I decide to get this system because I do not have to worry about separate multiple piece , most small system do not even have 500w , and for the money if I do not like it then I could take it back or give it to someone as a gift : - -rrb- upon inspect the system I find it fairly easy to set up . the line be color code to the specific speaker and the manual be pretty self explanitory . my wife want the speaker to be mount up on the wall -lrb- they have a service for that as well -rrb- so it be put in we den\/kitchen -lrb- call a morning room -rrb- and though the speaker look a little big they look fine after be install -lrb- ceiling be at least 12-15 ft high -rrb- . let I tell you that the sound that this system produce be truly wonderful if you be look for a starter or even and intermediate package this be it . Game playing be great , movie be like be at the theater -lrb- never go back to vh -rrb- , and if you have a party or small gathering this baby can do very nicely . even at 200w for the subwoofer it will not pack the punch you may be look for . it will not shake the wall or give you the deeeep bass like the club or a great theater but , be still nice and get the job . you can add another -lrb- shield -rrb- sub though to the reciever if you like to give you a little more umfff . I dare you to find a better system at this price ... do not bother because you will not ... I have already be do that road .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be my first review ever on Amazon and want to state how pleased I be with my Vizio Surround Sound system . it sound great and I barely have to turn up the sound 1\/4 of the way before produce clear sound . I have a open sit area where the family spend most of the time and it sound very well . I have not have any problem with my light go out on the sound bar as other have state . I have have it a little over 1 month and be very pleased thus far . if I start have lead issue , I 'll come back and update my review .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	for the price a good deal . could have better instruction . we do have some problem try to figure out how to get it connect to more than just the tv . also would have be nice to know you require hmdus cable . have to go out and buy they after we receive the unit
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : - it work nice - relatively easy to install - it be not expensive for what you get - good sound - 3d and blue ray support con : - it be not interactive -lrb- no screen menu -rrb- - it do not process hd sound -lrb- available in Blue Rays and many dvd -rrb- - installation instruction and manual be only available on CD and be a bit difficult to follow - front speaker bar , which contain the right , leave and center speaker be nice look but it do not deliver . leave speaker stop work after two month ; I replace the sound bar with individual speaker and it be the best thing I could have ever do . - cable look cheap ; I follow the advice circulate on the internet and buy a good set of cable -lrb- monster cable -rrb- . overall it be a good product and be worth what you pay .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	what can i say its awesome . I have a older panny commercial plasma which have no speaker . last week i fried my Samsung HT system -lrb- do not ask -rrb- which be the only audio out in my set up . do a quick web search for budget mind audio solution and be lean in sound bar direction , and than i stumble on this gem . feature set this thing provide will cover all my need for foreseeable future . tone of input and video output , ARC , and expendability to 3.1 or 5.1 be great . set up be quick and easy , it be up and run in 10min + another 10 for sound set up . the sound : now this be where i be go to rate it 4 star or even 3 star -lrb- i have to say i be a bit disappointed at first -rrb- in 2.1 set-up its sound ok , not great , but ok ... i fine tune it , but i be not get exactly what i want . also in 2.1 you do not get most of the system audio processing feature . the biggest issue be dialog be wash out by fx sound . watch movie in the evening with kid asleep i constantly have to adjust the sound ... not good . I do my research and pick up Yamaha ns-c210bl center channel speaker -lrb- take a while to find 6ohm speaker , Onkyo be rate at 6ohm do not forget that , 4ohm can possibly fry it , 8ohm will cut power output in half which be already on the low side at 25w per channel -rrb- ohhh what a difference center channel make . it sound perfect , dialog be full and easy to follow even in action heavy scene . with center channel attach i now get most of the audio processing feature . Vol set 55-60 it feel my large living room with double height seal with out any issue . if you have this run in 2.1 drop everything and go by center channel , you 'll be blow away . with addition of center channel + good feature set i rate it at 5 star UPDATE : pick up new Panasonic 55st50 and connected Onkyo to it via HDMI cable to Pannys HDMI -lrb- ARC -rrb- port . thanks to Panasonics Viera Link and Onkyo 's RIHD the 2 work together like a charm . when i power up my tv it automatically turn on Onkyo and send audio to it . MAJOR WAF CUDOS . wife and parent have issue use Harmony one , now they can pick up fio remote turn on tv and the rest be take care of ... with harmony more than often they would press power and drop remote on the couch b4 it have a chance to fire of all command result in all sort of problem : wrong input\/not power up device\/etc ...
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the rca rt151 be good for amplify a quiet tv in a small child 's bedroom . if you have a modern hdtv , you will need a toslink adapter , currently sell on amazon for $ 30 , so figure you add that to the price , or not if you have analog audio output . the rca rt151 be just not good for a primary home theater , amplify in a room larger than 10 foot by 10 foot , etc. . truth be you just can not hear the dialogue that well , even on full power . you control the speaker with a remote control , and the only way you know its working be with a light that flash on the bass . have trouble hear the rear speaker even with my ear two foot away from they . you can isolate audio channel with the remote , with separate speaker volume control for rear , center , sub , and front , and finally master . pro : - good for make a quiet tv , in a small quiet room , sound louder Cons : - not for use in a normal size living room - require toslink adapter - Toslink adapter muff the speaker -lrb- I could have have a defective toslink adapter -rrb- - full power do not compete with most tv speaker -80 watt system do not seem accurate , my 14 watt tv speaker seem like the dialogue be louder . - rear speaker feel underpowered , very quiet , therefore the surround sound effect be lose . overall , I would not recommend this . if you have a small room , you should purchase other 2.1 speaker . if you be look for a entry level home theater system , this be not the one .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my husband and I buy a system that be faulty and return it . we replace it with this unit and be so happy ! this system sound amazing -lrb- in the small , one bedroom apartment -rrb- and look super sleek . it be easy to install and have a lot of extra feature that be a bonus . we have be very happy with this system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a incredible deal - for merely $ 180 you can basically have a decent home theater experience . the setup be not difficult ; anyone with some basic knowledge about audio can do it in a hour or two . this Sony offer a nice surround sound and the quality of center-channel and subwoofer output be decent . there be two shortcoming - one , system manual be extremely inadequate in term of set up the speaker and two , the sound in video\/dvd mode be a bit weak , compare to the sound in radio or music mode . all in all , it be a great system for its price , a terrific introduction to home theater experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this a very nice home theater system in a box . I buy a new tv last fall and the sound be ok but due to have it in a cabinet it sound very muted . I add the Sony Bravia and I feel like I be in a movie theater !! for the price of 200 buck you can not beat it !! very easy to set up . just install the disc for the best sound . the speaker be all color code and permanently mark so if you move the system in the future you will not forget how to plug thing back in . I suggest you use the HDMI cable hookup to get the absolute best sound and picture you can . the bass be formadable . for a living room or family room this provide all the high quality sound you will need without spend a ton of money on complicated system !!
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	just unboxed this - so far love this system . contrary to other review , you can replace the speaker quite easily , the speakerwire into the unit be a proprietary clip , but the speakerwire into the speaker be just bare wire with a basic clip so you can just use that end to connect to you exist speaker . the only glitch we have run into be streaming Hulu - for some reason this unit will not let we downgrade to standard defn streaming and as a result , Hulu do not stream well . -lrb- we use a PS3 for Hulu and it work great in the same location on standard definition -rrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I buy this system for my bedroom and it be unique from all the other `` home theater in a box '' system that I could find in that it have a component video input . I need this because my cable box support hdtv through component cable . the Samsung provide this feature with its `` digital in '' input selection and nicely pass through the component video throught its own component video output . I do not need or want the dvd changer but the lesser Samsung model leave out the component video input . I find use the changer a little bit of a hassle to insert and remove single dvd and it seem slower than use a single tray . the speaker be nice and small and that be what I be look for . the microphone to auto-balance the sound be a really nice feature and work well -lrb- it be all automatic -rrb- . I do not have any real opinion about the sound quality of the unit and speaker -- it seem fine to I but I be not good at evaluate sound quality beyond verify the 5.1 sound . the wireless rear speaker be a interesting gadget and do remove one set of wire from the unit to the rear . this really do not matter much to I -lrb- my unit be place against a side wall so run the wire across the floor be not horrible -rrb- . I do notice that there be some periodic interruption of the rear sound even within the small size of my bedroom . I rotate the receiver and it seem to make it go away during the sound test . I ultimately return this unit because it be incompatible with dvd-rw that I record from my Tivo in a different room . I be pretty surprise that such a new unit would have this incompatibility -lrb- I have see some older computer laptop have the same problem -rrb- . because of this , I have to attach a separate dvd player and this defeat the advantage of the small , all-in-one unit . I also could not take advantage of the component output of the dvd since there be only one component video input on the unit . since it do not upconvert composite video i also have to change the tv input when I switch between cable hdtv and play my dvd-rw . so for I it be just a lot of trouble . I give up on the idea of a combined unit and get a separate a\/v receiver with a separate 5.1 speaker set . more cable , more component to stack .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I just purchase this system and after one day i return it back . the quality of the sound be ok , but only when you play from the Sony dvd player . my plan be to use that system to stream audio from my blu-ray player , so I use the Optical wire to connect the blu-ray player with the Sony player but , the quality of sound be like 2ch stereo , I have try with all the audio setting on the Sony device with no luck . when I put the dvd disc in the Sony player the sound be pro logic 5.1 . I want to use that system as receiver , however , that do not work . so if you plan to do the same just get the one with -lrb- hdmus in -rrb- for external device . overall i rate this system 3 star because it play nice sound , however the menu on remote be nightmare , also the lcd display be small and hard to read from a distance .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	Panasonic SC-HT900 .  my Rating : FRUSTRATING  I buy this unit new in the box from Circuit City for $ 479 in July 2003 .  the good : sleek design for a small cabinet volume . speaker be unobtrusive , they do not hog my living room . hold 5 dvd with progressive scan capability .  the Bad : 1 . if a dvd be play , then when any other input be select -lrb- such as tv to check sport score , or FM -rrb- , the dvd player stop and return to the main menu ! that be right , it have no knowledge of where it be in the movie if you either mistakenly or intentionally change the input .  2 . from the remote , it can be put into a mode where no sound come out when play a dvd even though the video portion appear on the tv . select fm or turn the unit off then on will force it to output sound , but again , you have lose you place in the movie . when in this silent mode , other button on the remote do not , by themselves , force audio output . perhaps a sequence of button push will wake the amplifier up , but I do not have the patience to try sequence .  3 . the confusing remote have some button whose sole purpose be to control other component -lrb- if Panasonic provide code for you particular unit -rrb- . the AV System button can turn you tv on but it do not select the tv input on the sc-ht900 . tv\/video can change the video input on you tv , but it do not select the tv input on the sc-ht900 . several button function be shift . you have to hold down the shift button while press another button . this be a three hand operation . one hand to hold the remote , one hand for press the shift button , and one hand for press the desire function . good luck ! the button on the remote be discrete , whereas those on the receiver be toggle . the receiver have disk skip , on the remote you must press disk then a number between 1 and 5 . the receiver have a source Select button that toggle between the 7 input , the remote have 5 unshifted button and 1 shift button for the same purpose .  4 . the amplifier be too weak and fail at normal loudness level . the volume function be calibrate in db from -68 to 0 . at any level above -22 on my unit , the amplifier will eventually fail while watch a movie or listen to a cd . at -20 , this typically take about 45 minute before a loud POP be hear through all speaker follow by a severe decrease in volume . after a few seconds , the volume return to normal . several minute later , another POP be hear , and the sequence repeat with the interval become shorter between pop . I assume my unit be defective in this regard , but I have not want to extract the unit from its cabinet to take it in for service . I play movie and cd at setting -22 and below .  5 . the optical digital input on my unit do not work . no sound be output , although the front panel light be light , indicate that the optical input be select . this input 's sampling frequency for Dolby Digital be suppose to automatically switch between 32 , 44.1 , and 48 khz rate . I have try connect a few optical output device with two new cable . my sc-ht900 do not output any sound when the optical input be select . two other surround system in my home work fine when connect to the same component with the same cable .  since it be still under warranty , I be take it to a service center to get item 5 correct if possible . since it take more than a half hour for the problem in item 4 to happen , I do not have much hope of get it fix . since the dvd player and receiver be in the same thin unit , and the amplifier be in the subwoofer enclosure , I have to take both unit to the shop . if they be not repairable , I 'll have to get a new receiver and a new subwoofer . the subwoofer do not appear that it can be drive by a rca jack or otherwise from a standard surround sound receiver . I wish I have consider the interrelationship and marriage of the dvd\/receiver and the subwoofer\/amplifier when I buy it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I get this system about eight month ago and I have be very pleased with it . I do have a few complaint about it , however . my first complaint be the horrible remote , which never become intuitive no matter how much you use it . the chapter skip button and the fast forward button be one in the same . to fast forward you have to hold the chapter skip button for a few seconds . if you do not hold it long enough , you end up skip a chapter when you simply want to fast forward . the fast forwarding , however , be very good , allow up to 32x normal play speed . another complaint I have be the optical input . I have read that the sound lag behind the video , and I be dismayed to discover it be true . it can be very severe , like a couple of seconds . then I discover a way to correct it . all you have to do be pause and unpause the input source , and they will be synch . I test this by connect my ps2 and use it as a dvd player . the Samsung lose synch when start a movie or skip chapter , but after one pause and unpause of the ps2 , remain perfectly synchronize . another complaint I have be that the rear channel sound during Dolby ProLogic II surround playback be too low in volume . you can edit the sound , though , to increase the volume to the rear speaker , and the unit remember these value after it be turn off . I also find the Dolby Prologic II mode to be useless for anything but video game -lrb- which be what I use it for - and it be great -rrb- . it make music and tv sound like crap , so do not go out of you way to get Dolby Prologic II support if you do not intend to use it for gaming . even though I have some complaint about this system , I be still glad that I buy it , especially for the price that I pay ; however , a lot have change in the past eight month and many other player be offer similar feature in this price range . this player be good , but it be not so good that you would not want to seriously investigate other buy option .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	package arrive in bad shape . be worried . however content be all fine . setup relatively easy except rear speaker too a couple of attempt to get they work . otherwise rather impressed
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I could not use it to the fullest potential as I live in a apartment . I like it till now , I have flat screen tv never face any problem as they describe in other review for plasma tv 's . I like the look of it too , the tall boy speaker look great . I pay 410 $ and I be expect 50 $ back -lrb- 360 $ -rrb- . I feel it be worth the money . I rate it 5 star from experience .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the picture they have be wrong , if you enter the product on sony 's website , they have the correct picture . it look better than the one in amazon 's picture . a lot of people complain about the wire length . for I , I have the reciever towards the center of my room , and the rear speaker wire be more than long enough . the front speaker wire be almost too short , but I make it work , and the subwoofer wire length be perfect . for my bedroom , this be more than adequate . I have a home theater setup with a projector and this sound system . the bass be enough too shake my room , and hear from outside . the surround work great , and the color code speaker wiring be very easy to set up , as I be only 13 , and have no problem . I have it hook up to a xbox via optical audio cable , and I test it out with 5.1 surround sound netflix movie , as well as Modern Warfare 3 , and it sound amazing . you can feel all the shake and rumble like you really in the game ! -lrb- or movie -rrb- . absoloutely worth the 185 $
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have own this dream system for 3 year , and have have continuous trouble with it . first malfunction be when the unit 's disc eject mechanism break . second malfunction be when the unit start to experience startup trouble and would repeatedly cycle through its power-on\/power-off sequence . the latest malfunction involve a annoying high-pitched whine emit from the speaker when the unit be play in Video 1 or Video 2 mode . unlike other owner who experience this problem , I be not willing to open the casing and poke around at the unit 's innards . I be just feed up with this system and would discourage any prospective buyer from consider this unit or any future model brand Sony dream system .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I live in a one bedroom apartment and this system be as powerful as I 'll ever need . I gamble on it because of the price , figure it would probably suck , but hope it would at least be a little better than my tv sound . I be wrong . it do not suck at all . it be actually pretty awesome . in fact it sound almost as good as my ex-roommate 's surround system which cost a couple hundred dollar more . I be a little worried when I open the box and see how tiny all the speaker be , but they produce very big sound for they size . anyone who want thundering bass that will rattle the wall should definitely look elsewhere but if you be live in a apartment , this unit should be more than sufficient for you need . it sound absolutely great for what it be - a budget price surround system . I do not understand the people who have mention need to augment these speaker with they tv sound . I think that they must have the speaker hook up wrong or have the individual channel -lrb- front , center , sub-woofer and rear -rrb- turn down , so the master volume be not give they what they need . I can only turn the volume up about half-way before I start to worry about my neighbor , so I be clearly get something different out of my set-up . I do not think I be just be overly courteous either - at full volume , with the door close , the system can be hear fairly easily from the courtyard\/hallway outside of my apartment . with the standard setting , the rear channel be a little quiet for my taste , but since there be individual control for the different channel , it be very easy to adjust . the biggest problem with the system be that there be only two composite input and one front face `` line-in '' portable audio input . that mean no hdmus , component or ir input and if you want to hook up more than two device , you be go to need a separate switcher . the higher end input be not a big deal for I . I have already state that I live in a apartment and must be courteous with my volume . hdmus , component , or IR would allow for much better fidelity with a system that really crank , but with my personal need in mind , the two composite input be just fine . besides , how much do you expect for $ 56 ? in summary ; this system be amazing for the price . Perfect for apartment , den , etc. . there be some limitation and it may not be the right system for you if you be live in a big house , but it definitely exceed what I expect to get from it . + price . ca not be beat . + Compact size - perfect for a apartment + good sound and pretty loud for such a compact system - again , perfect for small to mid-sized apartment . + remote with individual channel control . this be very handy and not available in the other unit I see in this price range . + Audio device port be a nice bonus - Bass be less than thunderous - limited input - probably not appropriate for large room in large house
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	you do not get nearly what you pay for . nothing on this be as good as you would expect . none of the bell and whistle this home theater in a box -lrb- htib -rrb- promise matter when it can not output sound correctly . if you want to just watch tv then you will not notice any big problem , but if you put in a dvd , listen to the radio , put in a cd , etc. then you will be annoy . the speaker give off some kind of rumble that sound almost like thunder . at first I think it might just be the speaker , but I hook up some other speaker , that to this day work fine with any other audio system , and the same problem occur . if you think I might just be a ranting idiot . maybe you can go to Criterion 's website to get more info . good luck find it though . I even try they parent company Tonic , Inc. . good luck get anywhere there either . I then try the old-fashioned telephone approach . not only be no phone number list anywhere in they manual , but I even call Circuit City , think that they might want to take responsibility for sell such a horrible product , but they could not even find the company number in they database . this htib be such a piece that someone would have to pay I use it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the subwoofer be nice , the speaker be not good , have already relaced mine with another brand , at the moment the receiver be not work , it cut off after 5 minute . I will probably have to have it repair and I have have it 2 month , I be very unhappy with it .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the good : it cost I $ 70 for a dvd\/receiver combo with six speaker . I never have any of the hum subwoofer , crackle , scroll video or any other obvious audio or video fault report on here . I have not have any serious trouble with the remote the bad : it do not play DTS . Dolby pro Logic II -lrb- from Gamecube and ps2 on av input -rrb- can be very iffy . sound seem to jump in and out of the rear speaker a lot . play with menu option usually result in a inexplicable loss of sound from some or all speaker . or sometimes it sound different when you set a option , then it sound even differenter when you try and set the option back to normal ! most setting be not remember if the unit be switch off and on again . if you rear speaker be too close to you -lrb- like i have in my apartment -rrb- , you must lower they individual volume every time the player be switch on . the remote be nice look , but spell all its word out -lrb- like `` play '' intead of -rrb- and `` stop '' instead of -lrb- -rrb- -rrb- you can not skip crappy dvd menu intro and other certain thing like you can on many other dvd player . conclusion : good price , but only get it if you really really can not afford a better dvd\/receiver combo , or better yet , separate component . note : to set the region on the player , go to setup with no disc insert , press right to get to pref page . then press 1,3,7,9 on the remote 's keypad . of course it do not save this , so you 'll need to change it every time you want to play a import dvd .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy from costco for $ 179.99 . good enough for my bedroom . and I do not hear the hissing sound previous reviewer mention , I believe it must be something related at his\/her home .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I get it this thanks give . I be keen on get one and be wait for a decent deal . finally get it for $ 199 . a great price for this system . it take I less than a hour to set it all up . sound clarity be great ! I use it my living room -lrb- 15x25 foot -rrb- and it sound really nice . the only negative be that speakers\/woofer connect thro the dvd player which mean you can not use it while play tv\/cable\/vcr . but that could be easily fix - I have to get a audio-video cable -lrb- for 3 buck -rrb- to give my tv output to the dvd player and it work just fine . overall , a excellent home theater system !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	seem to be a very good product . Manual be not very good for beginner but i manage to get it set up and tweak it
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this unit and have be very surprise at the sound quality it provide . if you set this unit up for the room it perform like a much more expensive unit . the bass be good , rear support be good , and the volume of the center front channel be also adjustable .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I get this home Theater System for Christmas and so far it be really good . the sound from this system be awesome . I have a bose system before this one and it be just as good for a lot less . the only two problem i have with it be 1 -rrb- the 2 rear speaker hiss all the time ... just make sure they be not near you head and you do not hear it . 2 -rrb- and sometimes it have a hard time read dvd 's
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the rca rdt325w home Theater System and it do not even last a year !! I also buy the replacement plan , but since it do not last a year , I still have to go through rca for warranty . they want I to pay 25 $ or more for ship the defective product to they ! I already pay over a 100 $ on this product , of which be still under the first year 's warranty ! I be darn sure not go to pay more when it do not even last the year -lrb- much less the obviously useless amount I pay on the replacement plan -rrb- . do not buy this product , it be not worth the money and rca 's repair policy on a product they do not take the time to make properly , be to make you pay for postage for they to fix it . bad form rca !!! bad form ! no more rca product for I ! : -lrb-
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	watch tv have never be the same after purchase this . we family just love the surround sound . you really feel like you out at the movie theater . highly recommend .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after do alot of research , look for the perfect home theater system . I find it with the Vizio VHT510 . the sound be amazing and wireless sub feature make my set up look almost invisible . I love and recommend it to anyone look .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	excellent product , easy set-up , solid remote , quality finish , beautiful sound ... the audio easily fill we 450sq foot tv room . we use the product with we Sony 55 inch lcd . I have yet to figure out how to sync the Sony remote with the system . however I can not complain Yamaha produce superior product !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be not mean to be use in a auditorium so it be not , as other have describe , huge sound . but for a family room where I have it connect to the tv it be perfect ... place speaker as illustrate in the manual but do not hang they ... front three sit with the tv back two at each of we chair . I have to turn the sound down to keep it from drive we out of the room . I do not understand how anyone could say there be not enough power unless they be try to use this they in a huge room . they be loud enough the rear speaker will startle we on on occasion of a voice that be loud and for music it really show what it can do . we love it ... and the price can not be beat . rca do this one right .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great system . now , I be not a serious audiophile , I be kinda just a regular guy look for a good sound system . I read a ton of review for this and all say it be the best bang for the buck . it be 6.1 , not 5.1 , and the receiver have all the input you would ever want . it be well worth it I think to pay the extra one or two hundred dollar for Onkyo quality , the great receiver , and 6.1 rather than 5.1 .  also , I get this from a site call onecall.com brand new for $ 475 no tax no shipping . that be by far the cheapest . Onecall.com be a authorized internet dealer on the Onkyo website so I be not too worried .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be use the ht305 as the core of a 7.1 sound system for we home theater set up . could not be happier with the result . also terrific for music : internet radio , old lp , mp3 all sound terrific . I buy a earlier set of Cambridge SoundWorks year ago and they be still deliver clear , crisp sound .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we be extremely satisfy with the product . the description of the 1000 home theater system seem just what we want , and it have far exceed we expectation . it be deliver in less time than we expect , and everything be perfect , right out of the box . highly recommend !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	back in 2000 , I purchase this system to be my all-in-one home theater . while $ 700 can now get you much , much more , this be a great system for I . speaker be not overly powerful , but they be extremely easy to set up and run , good sound quality , and stylish . I have have it for almost 6 year and only complaint be a crappy dvd lense -lrb- reader -rrb- . some disk be stubborn , but still play . I typically troubleshoot by re-loading dvd until it would read . then , I get smart and purchase a scotch dvd cleaner from BestBuy , which greatly help . lastly , when Progressive scan dvd player come down in price , I just buy one for cheap to get higher picture quality and run sound through Panasonic -lrb- use as traditional receiver\/speaker setup , not all-in one -rrb- . I have finally outgrow this set , but I do plan on run it in my bedroom as I replace with a higher-end , more digitally enable system . speaker be too weak for big family room , and no digital audio in\/out or upconversion ability .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I happy to have it ! it be work and look like new . very good item especially for such price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love this machine ! I do hesitate before buy it because it have more feature than I need . mainly want something to play cd and cassette with a radio that sound good . this have function I have no need for and think it might be difficult to use . keep come back to it though , because I love the look and the size of it . I be not a expert but to I the sound be just fantastic and I be really happy I buy it . it be all set up in we living room and look great , sound great and I love that blue display .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i first hook it up and test it , it sound a little weak , but i go through the menu and everything be turn down , like the volume for the speaker and subwoofer , once i put it up the sound be amazing , the bass come from the woofer seem like a 100 watt system rather than a 70 . i reccommend this for any room small or large , you will not be dissapointed especially at this price .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be skeptic when I buy db390 because wireless rear speaker be a new technology implementation use bluetooth . I be pleasantly surprise when it take I little effort to set it up follow the manual and the wireless receiver work well . my main concern be that I have 802.11 b\/g router that use 2.4 Ghz also , and I have a wireless bluetooth headset , but so far everything work great ! I have not have any issue when use all my device -lrb- wireless network , db390 , and headset -rrb- at the same time !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	adjust you expectation for this sexy little unit and I think you will be please . my viewing room be 15 ' x 15 ' and only have half-wall at the back . the system sound very good when we move the couch to within ten foot . the overall quality of sound vary wildly with the source : full hd video typically have very full sound while non-hd cable signal sound compress . play music through the system work very nicely -- if you sit close enough . outside that sweet spot the limitation of those little horn and sub will show through . plug it all in be very easy . I have try mess with the advanced setting a little , but the interface be not very easy to use -lrb- via remote only -rrb- . nevertheless , by just push the sub up in the mix I get a sound that work well in most situation . for this price I be very pleased . I could move my old 5.1 system in for the whole-meal-deal , but I can not really turn it up to good volume with other in the house !
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it have be a long and arduous journey for I to find a home theater system that meet two simple expectation . when I finally find this system it not only meet those simple expectation , it blow they away . this be the third system that I have purchase , the other -lrb- a Sony and a Kenwood -rrb- be not pass muster . my first expectation be that the sound system should work , and the Kenwood fail here when its Subwoofer stop work in a literal cloud of smoke . my second expectation be that it should sound good , and this be where the Sony fail . this onkyo system sound so much better than those other model in the $ 300 to $ 350 price range that I would gladly pay twice that after have to set-up and return two system . the package be deliver by freight -lrb- for Free by Crutchfield , whom I also recommend -rrb- and it be a large , heavy box . the receiver have some real heft to it , and appear to be very well make . the speaker be much larger than the standard fare with home theater system right now , and you will be glad they be once you hear they . there be six speaker in total , include three surround . the subwoofer have a powerful ten inch driver that will really add reinforcement to action movie and good soundtrack . there be 1000 watt in total go to all seven speaker . this be a setup that be better suit for a larger room , mine be about 15 ' by 30 ' . it would probably overpower a room that be not big enough . the system itself be a little complicated to figure out but have many feature . there be a build in crossover for the subwoofer that can be set from 80-150hz , and the volume can be adjust for each speaker . Make sure you have a optical cable from to connect the dvd player to it to fully take advantage of 6.1 surround . one of the most important aspect of a system be have a well design remote control . the remote control for this unit be a little large , but the button be spread out and illuminate for ease of use , although I have not yet figure out what they all do . this system also have the ability to play a stereo signal through all of its speaker , something the Sony and Kenwood system could not do . the Onkyo will also take a 5.1 signal and convert it to a 6.1 signal by blend the left\/right rear signal together into a rear center signal . there be also a `` late night '' feature that will make quiet noise louder and the loud noise softer so that you can listen to a movie quietly and still hear everything , among other feature that I have not yet get around to discover . be warn , this system be not the easiest to set up or to operate , but the result can not be deny . it work . it sound good . buy it .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be happy with my purchase and it do everything it be advertise to do . the sound be good and setup be easy . I like the fact that this unit have -lrb- 2 -rrb- Optical input , I connect one to my DirectTV unit and one to my Blueray player . I do find it a little troblesome to switch between the different function -lrb- AM , FM , Optical I & Optical II etc. etc. -rrb- , I have to press the '' radio - input '' button numerous time to get it to do something . however this be not a big problem .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be use a Panasonic sc-ht740 5 dvd home Theater System for about nine month and I have be very satisfied . I enjoy my home unit enough to recently purchase a second sc-ht740 for work . here be seven benefit and drawback . benefit : 1 -rrb- the sound quality be excellent when play cd , cd-r , dvd , dvd-r and the radio . 2 -rrb- the bass can be adjust to multiple level . 3 -rrb- the tv 's audio signal can be play through the system . 4 -rrb- the theater can be expand to use a second room speaker . on one of my unit , I use the  sh-fx80  it have issue , but it be worth it . on my other system , I use the  sh-fx60  it work very well . 5 -rrb- the unit hold five disc . 6 -rrb- the system will accept a ipod . 7 -rrb- the unit be physically attractive . drawback : 1 -rrb- the remote control have so many feature that it be difficult to learn and use . 2 -rrb- there be no way to access different video angle . my old dvd remote have a button to select different angle for compatible disc . 3 -rrb- other than the bass level , there be no equalizer to micro-manage the audio signal . 4 -rrb- the remote do not work with my Sony television . 5 -rrb- the sh-fx60 -lrb- wireless rear speaker kit -rrb- and sh-fx80 -lrb- second room speaker -rrb- can not be use on the same unit simultaneously . 6 -rrb- the system be not compatible with pal or sacd disc . 7 -rrb- I often get wavy line on the screen for about five minute . customer service tell I to change the yellow video cable . I have use three different cable -lrb- one of which be gold plate -rrb- and the problem persist . instead of the cable , it may have something to do with the main unit .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the head unit be a bit slow - could use more process power . and my PS3 be a better bluray player at the end of day .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Panasonic pack a lot of value and versatility into its SC-HT400K Home Theater System . the quality and feature of this system make it worth every penny of the manufacturer 's suggest retail price and a genuine bargain at the discounted price find at retailer .  setup be reasonably straightforward , although the spacing of speaker terminal be tight even for small finger . a built-in white noise generator make balance the output of the speaker a snap .  most of the half dozen sound field that can be impose on the output -- range from a intimate club venue to a stadium - while more pleasingly understate than other I have hear , will , I suspect , find little use by most listener . one of those field , however , be very effective and clever . the `` party '' mode allow the listener to walk about the room without perceive the source of sound to shift from speaker to speaker .  the sound from the speaker be unforced and transparent-at least at level that the dog and the neighbor will tolerate . the rear speaker do not make themselves obvious as a source of sound -lrb- except when the source material deliberately place the sound at those speaker -rrb- . the general effect of the rear speaker be subtly to pull sound from the plane of the front speaker into three dimension .  last year the leading consumer magazine rate Panasonic 's stand alone receiver , sa-he100k , a best buy . a comparison of the sc-ht400k 's receiver with the sa-he100k receiver do on Panasonic 's website show the two receiver to be substantially the same , with the sc-ht400k lack a few feature that its brother have . -lrb- for example , the sa-he100k be a 6.1 channel receiver ; it have a output for a rear center speaker . -rrb- if the price difference between the sa-he100k plus a set of speaker and the sc-ht400k package narrow enough , the purchaser might want to consider buy the former separate rather than the latter system .  after the foregoing kudos , why give the sc-ht400k a rating of only four star ? the subwoofer that I get with this system be defective . fortunately , there be a authorized Panasonic repair shop within ten mile of my house and the defective part be replace in a week at no charge under the manufacturer 's warranty . nevertheless , the defect be a inconvenience and should not have get past quality control .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	for the money , the sound from the front speaker on this unit be excellent . however static from the rear wireless speaker be noticeable at normal and low volume . I have attempt to reposition the wireless receiver without success . I be also disappoint with the number of command that can only be do through the supply remote and the wireless speaker in the back still need to be wire into the wireless receiver . after a two week trail I be send this unit back . the static be a deal breaker for I . a $ 300 htib unit will suit my need just not this model .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEU	3	I should have pay closer attention when order this product . it be not `` wireless '' . instead of return it I purchase a wireless adapter which work fine with it . the Pandora online application be great ! better than Sirius XM as far as music and quality be concern . also good for Netflix . have not attempt to download a movie yet . probably never will . good blue ray player . it do upconvert regular dvd 's very well .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be far from a ` audiophile ' , but I do recognize and appreciate quality sound when I hear it . this system be UNBELIEVEABLE , and I manage to find it on sale @ a mere $ 129 ! I be remodel a large vessel , so ` down-sizing '' be a important word . in the last 4 month , I have be through six system , from Sony , Panasonic , RCA , Philips , and 2 Samsung unit , with price range from -lrb- yes -rrb- $ 129 to over $ 600 . `` Woulda , coulda , shoulda '' - - if I have any idea of the amazing quality of sound , the ease of use , the flawless operation of this 5-disc system , I ` woulda , coulda , shoulum ' scoop up as many as I could have grab . no two hour reading lesson on `` how to use you remote '' or other needless technical stuff . I have have it for 3 week and NOT one flaw ! the other unit I have try have `` eat '' CD 's & dvd 's , refuse to play other , frequently ` skip ' over dvd image , or simply be far too complex to use . the best of the other be also make by Samsung , but with the ` tower ' speaker\/sub-woofer combo it be just too large for use on the boat . but my sister love it ! I enjoy the ` glow in the dark ' feature of the remote -lrb- but it so simple , I now know the ` touch ' by heart -rrb- . I do wish it would continue to play a disc when I want to open the tray to add or change one , but I do not think the ` carousel ' multi-disc system have that capability . a small inconvenience . if - - and I have a sense that be a BIG `` if '' - - I encounter problem with the system , I 'll add another review as I know these be helpful . I be concern about a system at only $ 129 , but I would happily have pay twice that amount for what I get ! ecb - - Ventura , CA `` the spirit of Troy ''
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	wonderful system for the price ! my only complaint would be that the speaker wire be not all long enough . this setup be good for a small space , but the wire do not extend very far for a large one .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase this system three week ago along with a 60 inch plasma television . I be not sure what the other viewer be look for with this system , but I be absolutely enjoy it and my family and friend love this system also .
HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Ibought a klh ha7000 from best but less than a month later it freeze up and all it would show be the welcome screen i return it to best buy and they give I another one now 7 month later the new one do the same thing so much for quality equipment now it be still under the part warranty but after pay shipping and labor it would cost more to fix than it cost I to buy now i see that they dont even sell this product anymore but now all of we who buy it be pretty much shaft and have to purchase a new system and all i say be DO NOT BUY ANY KLH PRODUCT since they dont seem to have good equipment or back up there product so dont waste you money on there junk since junk be all it be
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great purchase to complete my home entertainment center . I have this hook up to a 37 '' Vizio HDTV , my xbox 360 , Samsung bluray player , and my Comcast HD cable box . installation be very simple , plug and play . the set up take less than 5 minute to calibrate each speaker . I find this for 180 $ with free amazon prime shipping on amazon so I jump on it . one flaw , be I just wish it have more input . not too much of a hassle to change around a few wire before enjoy a few hour or more of entertainment . this system can get pretty loud if you want it to . you can manually increase the db of each speaker if you want . I increase the sub-woofer a few decibel higher than each other speaker because I tend to like more bass with my listening . I have not use it much for dvd playback because I own other item that do this . ipod playback via usb be integrate nicely . well build , feel well make . each speaker be fairly light , which make wall mount more appealing . this be the best system for the most bang for you buck , as a entry level system it be worth take a look at .
HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	except for one small caveat -lrb- as other reviewer have already note -rrb- , the Panasonic sc-htb15 sound bar speaker system be a excellent addition to improve you tv sound over stock speaker . oh , and those on a budget . ^ _ ^ ; I like the fact that speaker can be set up either as two separate or as one single bar-type depend on how you tv be set up . set-up be pretty straight forward . you use supply screw to attach the speaker to either stand for left and right speaker or use connector to create single bar-type . attach the thin white speaker cable to speaker and then decide if you will use either hdmus -lrb- arc -rrb- or optical cable to pipe in the sound . if you tv have neither then you may have to do work around . I have small living room so set up surround sound system with dedicated receiver will be a overkill for I . once hook up , I compare the tv sound and the Panasonic sound and by golly , I be glad I buy this system . of course , some people may not agree with I where sound be concerned but if you be happy with the sound then that be what count . lastly , if you buy the speaker at Costco , it already come with both optical and hdmus cable throw in free .
