Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Jewelry	POS	5	better than the picture ! my stone come in a bit lighter and I like it . Perfect gift for the lady in you life !
Jewelry	POS	5	sabrina.com offer also offer outstanding support service ! a bonus , on top of excellent item ! i send a BIG thank you to the entire team !
Jewelry	NEG	1	I have a ring similar to this several year ago that be steal from I , be very impress by what be describe online & the image show of the item & so I buy it . buyer beware ! it be NOTHING LIKE the IMAGE SHOWN ! I be beyond disappointed & honestly would like my money back . the ring I get be blacken , very poorly craft , bent , dented , crack , scratch , crooked & look like it have be burn to a crisp before it be send to I -lrb- which be to say besides be mostly black all over , there be a coating of rough black substance quite like hardened soot on it -rrb- . I have have some bad purchase before but this be by far the worst . sometimes variation in the expectation of a online order be tolerable like size or color ... maybe even design and style but this look like they beat the crap out of it deliberatly before they send it to I . I will never buy from this seller again & strongly advise against other do so . seriously save you money and buy elsewhere
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be everything I hope for , & more . the fit be perfect , the color be absolutely amazing . the aquamarine be the richest I think I have ever see .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a gift for we daughter and she love it . and so do all of she friend . the quality be very good and its very pretty .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very beautiful `` puzzle ring . '' my daughter wear it all the time , and she brother also enjoy solve the puzzle . Worth the price . very nice item . recommend .
Jewelry	POS	5	the picture to this ring do not do it justice ! the stone be a very beautiful shade of blue and not to mention beautifully cut ! I love this ring and hate to take it off my finger to shower and to do the dish !
Jewelry	POS	4	this pill box be just the thing I be search for ! I be a housewife living in the suburb of the city with not much to tide my time . I find myself bore , even while I be prepare dinner or stress while entertaining . my local doctor prescribe I with something to help - and it do ! I feel more energize than ever . what I need , while I be not yet to be a mother , be a mother 's little helper ! before this pill box I would have to carry about the actual pill bottle , from the doctor - that , I will tell you , be not very discrete . how embarrassing ! -lrb- Though , really , how discrete must we be if all of we housewife have a prescription ? -rrb- this box be beautiful and small enough to put in even my smallest of purse and it be easy to pop open and grab what I need in time to serve the next course . I highly recommend this item if you have a lot on you plate and want to stay discrete about it ! my husband think I use it to hold my powder and blush ! rejoice and relax as I have , and invest in this aid to you mommy 's little helper !
Jewelry	POS	5	the day I do not wear the blue one I wear this one . I really enjoy wear something celtic and pretty .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I be tell that the wide of this ring be 3\/8 '' and be 1\/4 '' I realize about that until I receive it . I do not get what I want . the ring its ok .
Jewelry	NEG	2	receive product promptly and a week sooner than I think . the product fit well and be comfortably . however for my liking it be not heavy enough and do not look like the picture . very little black on ring . so little it blend in and make the ring look dull and antique .
Jewelry	POS	4	I think this ring be abosolutely beautiful ! and for that price , I could not pass it up .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful and special . you will get compliment wherever you go . the most beautiful ring I have ever own .
Jewelry	NEU	3	-lrb- ... -rrb- this one -lrb- above -rrb- be much prettier . I have purchase the one picture through amazon at a jeweler , and at first , I think it be pretty , but as time go on , I find that it keep seperate from my engagement ring and be tell that it should be solder together . but it look as though just only after a year 's time , the enhancer have tarnish a lot , and the white gold have wear off quite a bit , so I do not want to make that committment . I be very disappointed with it , but could not return it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I just receive this ring , and I be love it . it be exactly what I have be look for . the ring be dainty , and the picture on Amazon do not do it justice . it also come in a cute box with a bow on it . the ring have 4 prong rather than 6 , but I still definitely recommend Gem Avenue . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	my girlfriend and I get a matching pair of these when we start date a year and a half ago . they have hold up beautifully despite they daily beating over the last 500 + day . definitely solid . and I \/ we love the wave design - it be clean , pretty , and I really like the subtle clever use of negative space for the oppose wave . like the ying and the yang . my only complaint be the welding on the outer spinning band . you can not see it in the picture , but where the outer-band be weld together , there be about 3mm of welding material , cover a entire wave , and it look a mess . fortunately , it be smooth and do not really bother I that much . I be spin it around most of the time anyway . and it be not like this be a Tiffany 's ring -- for the price , it be really hard to complain .
Jewelry	POS	5	this product be great . I get it for my daughter as a graduation gift and she absolutely love it . ship out very quickly as well . I would order again for sure .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring and it be even more pretty than the picture . I have have lot of compliment about it .
Jewelry	POS	5	comfort be the right word to USE when talk about this ring ; NOT to MENTION that it look so BOHO -- LOVE that LOOK . again , THIS be FROM one of MY FAVORITE seller . THANKS SO MUCH regard , dh
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring arrive on time and be the one show in the picture . inexpensive , nice-looking , and my girlfriend like it !
Jewelry	POS	5	I have to have a item return for it be the wrong thing , but once i get my ring - it be worth the wait , in quality . thank you !
Jewelry	POS	5	I actually get this ring from a irish store around my town , but I have to say , it be one of my favorite ring . it be last awhile without get scratch at all and still look very polished . it be high quality and sturdy . I wear this ring several time a week and just absolutely love it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have this ring and it be absolutely beautiful . I would highly recommend this ring . I be a black hill gold lover and this one impressed I .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be impress with the quality and detail of the ring . the person I buy it for love it , and as a jeweler herself , that say alot . I be afraid of the metal when I buy it , but she have have no problem . overall the ring be a gorgeous imitation of history and I would highly recommend it and the company I buy it from .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the gold band be a little thin , but the pearl and diamond be of good quality . the diamond accent , surprisingly , be `` eye-clear '' and very bright . overall pleased , just wish the band be a little wider . this product be okay if you be need a secondary accent piece , but a little lightweight for everyday wear . would recommend .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring as a gift for someone . I notice the review be very complimentary so I go with it . I be very glad I do . this ring be very nice and have a great size and very detailed look . I check at place like walmart , target , and kohl and for be the same price they be extremely inferior . the 1 I see at kohl which be $ 40 look like it be make out of plastic . I check the 1 make in ireland as well and this 1 be even better than that . do not let the be make in Thailand thing throw you , its the best example of a classic claddagh ring I have see . the seller also be very fast in ship this out . I order late on a Monday evening and recieve by Friday . I do not normally review thing , but this def deserve it . I highly recommend .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I like the ring at first , but it be tarnish within 2 day .
Jewelry	POS	5	when this ring arrive I open it to see if I be happy , it be a gift for my teen grand daughter . the quality be nicer than I expect ... I would buy from this store again & again .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a cute little ring either to wear alone or even as a stack ring . color be very pretty , and the silver seem of good quality . can not beat for the price .
Jewelry	POS	5	nice ring look very nice consider the cost . just look at it i would have guess considerably more $ .
Jewelry	POS	5	Excelente producto en plata , apreciamo el cuidado y la responsabilidad que el proveedor atendio el pedido . mi esposa esta encantada y feliz . Recomiendo la tienda a la entera comunidad de Amazon.com
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . I get it for my mom for Christmas and she fall in love with it . it feel very comfortable on the finger , because its flat . it look like lace , very special ring , by the way it extend the appearance of you finger . you will love it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I too look at a lot of wedding band for myself and settle on this one because it have gold in it -lrb- my wife be keen on that -rrb- and it have a modern look without bee too `` metrosexual . '' my only gripe be that the gold part have get a little dinged-up over the past six month of wear , but hey I be a guy . my thing be usually a little ding up . : -rrb- good service from these folk when I get the ring and it be a little tight .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love my black coral and opal ring !! I have receive many compliment on it ! it be represent here exactly as it really look , which be very refreshing !! my only concern , which I will be contact the company about , be that it do not come with a letter of authenticity . if one be not forthcoming , I will take my ring to my jeweler 's to ensure both stone be authentic .
Jewelry	NEG	1	the ` diamond ' be obviously fake . and sooo much bigger than in the picture . cost wayyy to much for what its worth . so regret get this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I just get this ring and I be very happy with it . the ring arrive in perfect condition . the stone be beautiful and the sparkle from it be amazing .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring 2 year ago . when I buy it I love it ! the gem still sparkle and it be still a very pretty ring despite the scratch the surface have develop . unfortunately , a gem have fall out and I have have to clean it twice because muck get stick on the inside where the gem be sit . I be currently on the market for a new one but I will definitely keep this one near .
Jewelry	POS	4	size run a bit on the small size , and since they do not come in half size be sure to order a size up .
Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring look very cool although the silver look much darker than the picture , more like pewter -lrb- look like -rrb- . the ring I receive be a size 12 . I be a 10 1\/2 on my ring finger and it be way too big , but too small for my middle finger . the ring on that lay past the knuckle and towards the fingernail be the same size as the ring that sit on the base . what this do wind up do be leave part of the ring that be suppose to bend still in the air because I be able to bend my whole finger and not even move the hinge of the ring . also the hinge be very painful due to the odd spike they use to fasten it together . after four minute of wear I have large indent in my knuckle . remind you that with the ring be about two size too BIG . imagine if this actually fit my finger . the delivery be fast and the sale rep I get be very nice and be allow I to exchange for a different ring that hopefully will fit and not be as painful . I do not know about Dans ' other jewelery but this one stink . just do not buy it .
Jewelry	NEU	3	my son like the ring but unfortunately the metal be so soft he be afraid to wear it . this will easily break if adjust more than a few time . ship be great , item as describe . great seller .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get my ring today and it sure be beautiful . fedex do a wonderful job deliver it . Thought I would not get it this quick but i sure do . this sure be another thing that prove that I can really trust Amazon.com . thanks so much .
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring ! it arrive in 4 day , once we open the box we be speechless ! it be a great ring especially for the price . it look slimmer than in the picture but its great it sparkle like the real thing . I would definitely recommend this product !
Jewelry	POS	4	the stone on this ring be almost exactly as picture , the only difference be that mine be a little `` taller '' , make it look more like a teardrop cut than a heart when set . the ring have a great look and feel to it , and a good weight , even though it be mostly the stone . one of the issue I have have with the ring aside from the `` tallness '' be the fact that I find little bit of fluffy residue wedge between the prong and the stone , which be impossible to pluck out , even with a pointed tweezer . other than that , this ring be great .
Jewelry	NEG	1	buy this for my daughter and it break within month . very poor quality . it look great when we get it and she only wear it to church and family outing , not to play sport .
Jewelry	POS	4	I have not wear it a lot yet but it look really pretty . nice band -lrb- not too big , nor be it super petite -rrb- . the stone all seem well place . it be true to size . I be happy with it .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be quite lovely , though it definitely have the `` costume '' jewelry look . it look -lrb- as far as the cameo -rrb- a bit better in the picture than in real life . in reality , the cameo portion look plastic and a little cheap compare to the rest of the ring . I enjoy wear it though as I be not overly concern with it look plastic . Have have a couple people comment on its look , as I have not see any like this at the department store or other specialty store locally .
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a large , heavy ring with a unique style that definitely make a impact . you will not forget you be wear it . one reviewer note the pewter have a duller , more burnish finish than silver ; this be true but I be fine with this - a shiny silver finish would probably put this over the top . the size on the ring be large - I wear -lrb- and order -rrb- a 13 , but it be big , and I be try to figure out how to add a spacer to get it to fit more snugly . -lrb- I look into return it for a exchange , but 1\/2 size do not seem to be available . -rrb- excellent price for the ring . extremely prompt shipping . except for the size issue , a great purchase , and a excellent transaction with the seller .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this claw ring be smaller than i imagine . its fairly sharp and look fantastic , but its much too small to fit any of my finger except my pinky . -lrb- although , it dose have bendable band-like thing on the bottom that you can bend to you finger , but it will barely hold it . -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	when I order this ring , I expect a possibility of cheap metal , and a pink stone . the quality of metal I receive be quite nice . however , the stone be not pink at all , it look like a faux diamond\/cz . if you do not mind not get the color expect , I would say go for it . this ring have hold up , while wear it everyday and even not take it off when I shower , it show no sign of ware , the band look great and the stone be set very securely ! great quality !
Jewelry	NEG	1	I be very unhappy with this product . not only do the cz look plastic , it fall out after two day of wear it . I have never be more disappointed with a piece of jewelry than this one . do not buy it . the ring itself look like it come out of a quarter machine . I be not sure what kind of ring everyone else get to give it such glowing review , but mine be definitely nowhere near they description .
Jewelry	NEU	3	yeah well , it look exactly like the picture . with a little imperfection . I do not really like the ring in person though .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I be reconsider purchase anything from silver insanity . some of they silver be quality , some be not , but you will not know until you get it . this entire ring be very thin and the filigree be crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort . however , it be inexpensive and I guess I just get what I pay for .
Jewelry	POS	5	during my pregnancy , I be sad to find that my ring no longer fit . I buy this ring largely base on the positive review and the fact that it look essentially just like my wedding band . I be not disappoint . the ring look beautiful , and I feel confident wear it . I can tell it be not real just by compare it to my wedding ring , but I do not believe anyone else would ever guess without detailed scrutiny . I also be glad I do not have to worry about the plate come off and the ring look brassy since the sterling silver ring with rhodium plating keep a shiny , white gold appearance , just like my real ring . the 4mm size be bigger than I expect but not a problem since I have slightly larger hand . the price be right , and I be very happy with the ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have receive several complement on this ring . nice look especially if you have thin finger .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be in fact dainty and small . the item turn out to be smaller than I expect , but beautiful the same . the ring would look very nice on a woman with small hand or a child , but be as pretty as the picture provide .
Jewelry	POS	4	I purchase this ring as a travel ring , and I must say , I absolutely love this ring . it do not look or feel fake , and actually sparkle almost like a real diamond under the light . I receive a four-prong ring , instead of the six prong show in the picture , but that be hardly a issue to I , the ring be gorgeous . the only problem I have with this ring be that there be bit and piece of fluffy material , sort of like tissue paper wedge under the prong . it be not obvious , but on closer inspection , it be definitely there . I be so pleased with this ring that I have go and purchase one in pink and aquamarine as well !
Jewelry	POS	5	my fiance buy I this as we engagement ring and I absolutely love it !!! I have always adore Art Deco pattern and this ring be a outstanding example of what be popular during that era . the Cubic Zirconia be stunning and the scroll work detail in the metal be truly unique in its design . I could not be happier with this ring !!!!
Jewelry	NEG	1	Disappointed ... picture show a bright stone . Mine be dull and the prong setting be not what be show in picture .
Jewelry	POS	5	when I first order this ring it be for a kind of temporary engagement ring , I and my boyfriend pick it out and though he want to spend a lot of money on a piece of jewelry I figure that could wait till we get more financially stable . when this ring arrive it be honestly more than I expect , the stone be clear cut and the band itself be very durable . people tell I all the time they think it be the closest to real they have ever see and when I tell they how cheap it be -lrb- I do not really mind they know , for those I do I just smile and nod -rrb- , they always gasp and take a second look to see if they can spot a flaw . I may actually keep this ring for a lot longer than I expect it be just beautiful !
Jewelry	POS	5	like most of the other reviewer on here , the picture do not do it justice . i be pleasantly surprised , because i own several genuine moonstone , and while this be a synthetic , i still didnt expect it to be as pretty as it be . it be more like a opal than moonstone , but that isnt a negative thing at all , just mean there be many more color and it be very reactive with light . for this price , you really cant go wrong . i havent have mine long yet , so i cant contribute to the statement other have make about how fragile it be , but it do say on the description that it be fragile , and not to buy it if you cant treat it with proper consideration .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a really pretty ring . people have notice it and ask I about it . they do not realize it be silver and cz . the cz 's be small , but I have worn this ring most day and it look new . it be great for every day . I be very happy with my purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be very pleased with this ring . Have have it approximately one year and have receive many compliment . its size be perfect and not once have it tarnish in the length of time I have own and wear it . very , very satisfied !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this claddagh ring for my boyfriend as a graduation present , and it come in today . -lrb- exactly a week after I order it , 2 day before the estimate arrival . -rrb- it be absolutely gorgeous ! the packaging it come in be perfect for give it in as a gift . it be the perfect size for a man to wear . I be afraid it might be a little small , so I be hope it 'll be able to be resize . but it be of great quality , look very solid and shiny . I be very happy with it ! I plan to order the smaller one for myself soon , after see the quality of this one . so I would definatly order from this company again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I do not realize how picky my taste be with ring until I scour Amazon for hour look for something that would interest I . this ring be one of the few I find , and I be far from a fan of have stone in my ring . it have a nice low profile . I have yet to have it catch on anything . I be also not a fan of open knot work on ring , but this again manage to sidestep that distaste . the stone have no backing , so it get a interesting red tinge in the middle , tint by my finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	I wear this ring a lot , but it maybe about a 1\/4 - 1\/2 size larger than actual . my ring finger be a 6.5 so I order a size 7 , but it fit loose on my ring finger , and much more snugly on my middle finger . quality though , no complaint. : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	buy two of ring one for my mother and one for my father ... they love they , it be a great anny present . the ring be exactly how the picture show , so perfect !
Jewelry	POS	5	I be really impressed with this ring -- a excellent value !
Jewelry	POS	5	its so pretty and it get here fast ! I be a little scared it would turn my finger green cause of the price , BUT IT DID not and I have wear it everyday since mid April .
Jewelry	POS	5	my wife and I have both lose quite a bit of weight and consequently , we wedding ring be too big . we decide to get sterling silver band for we thumb that match just to be different . I receive my wife 's ring within 2 day of shipping and in perfect condition . it be beautifully make with no `` edge '' , shine brilliantly and fit perfectly . I order a size up as she wear a 9 1\/2 . I have get other product from this company and be equally as pleased ! simple yet elegant ! highly recommend
Jewelry	POS	5	I be always be ask , `` where do you buy you ring at ? '' and even the people at the store `` Hot Topic '' ask I where i get mine at . compare to the one there , this one meet the price , look and feel that i want . Theirs be just too cheap yet very expensive . this ring weigh in . really . I do not know the exact weight of it , but its quite heavy and as i mention before , eye catch . the feel be something you should look forward to . price ; Perfect . that all there really be to say about that . well , that , and i wish i could go back in order a second one at the time . all in all , if you be consider this as a addition to you ring collection , look no further . hit `` add to Cart '' and save yourself the heartache of regret not buy this . I guarantee upon purchase this ring , you will receive it quite quickly , and feel very happy with yourself . ~ ~ Javier `` Super '' L. ~ ~ ~ Oasis Studios ~
Jewelry	POS	5	one of the most beautiful ring I own ! no one can tell it be not a real diamond !!! I purchase a princess cut two year ago , and this be my second purchase . the ring be so pretty ! my next puchase will be the marquise when they have it in my size !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	thank you so much . it be WONDERFUL . I be plan to BUY ANOTHER FROM your site . thank you AGIAN .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a truely beautiful ring that I would happily have pay much more for . the color of the garnet be perfect and the celtic knot pattern look better than in the picture .
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a lovely ring . the design be beautiful and no one can tell that it be not gold . the stone , however be a little on the large size and kind of detract from the setting . if the stone have be smaller the ring would have be perfect .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring , but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone be smaller than expect . the problem be not the stone ; it be the photo you be look at . I be not go to send mine back , but I bet some people will . why not tell people the exact dimension of the stone ? in my case , Onyx , the stone be .227 '' long , .127 '' wide , .085 '' thick . in mm , the same dimension be 5.69 , 3.48 , and 2.20 . quality ring , mislead photo .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be a very cute ring . the only problem i have with it be , the petal catch on to some of my clothing . still very cute and good value .
Jewelry	POS	5	nice , bold ring . I like the heart shape ; it be cute . the stone be a little big , but if you use it with a plain wedding band , look georgeous . in addition , you can use a stainless steel watch and the look be complete .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! I buy it as a present for myself and be so glad I do . the marquise be beautiful and the Amethyst be a nice cut and not cloudy . you can not beat this price either ! the only negative comment I could give be that the setting have two sharper edge that my boyfriend have complain about when hold my hand - but it have not hurt I !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be interesting to look at , and I like the design . I have not take the string off for fear of not be able to figure out the puzzle . maybe one day I might try it , but I like it so much I do not want to chance it now . ship fast . 9\/26\/07 - update SOLUTION the following be a step by step solution for a thin band , four link puzzle ring  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Puzzle Band ring -lrb- size 5,6,7,8,9,10 -rrb-  I e-mail silver insanity and ask for the solution to this particular ring , and this be what I receive . I do not edit any of the information send . it be a bit wordy , but it work . I hope this help everyone . 1 . you will notice that the four band be similar , but upon closer inspection there be slight difference . two of the link have a simple peak to they , and the other two link have a dip and a peak . look carefully to identify each link . at this time , single out the link that have a simple peak , with 4 etch carve into it . -lrb- the etch may be faint , compare the two simple peak link and choose the one with more groove -rrb- 2 . once you have find the simple peaked link with four groove , hold that link only , let the other link dangle . turn the ring so that the top of the peak be point away from you . there should be two link dangle from the link you be hold , with the fourth link dangle from those two link . 3 . while still hold the four grooved link , take the other simple peaked link , which should be the one dangle from the bottom , and bring it up to meet with the one you be hold . you should now be hold the two link together , the band of the link together , and the point of the peak point outwards , opposite of each other -lrb- it should look like a diamond -rrb- 4 . continue hold the link together with you thumb and pointer finger -lrb- you will need you other finger for the next part -rrb- . 5 . you will notice that you now have the two ` dip and peak ' link dangle from the two link you be hold . Select the link on the right -- this be trial and error , sometimes the correct link will be on the right already , and sometimes you may have to pass the wrong link over the top of the ring in order to place the correct link in the proper position . the two dangle link be very hard to tell apart , so you will discover which be the correct one for the next step by follow these instruction : 6 . after grab the dangling link on the right , turn the link so that the peak and dip face you . look at the link , notice the dip and peak . you want the link that have peak that point like arrow to the LEFT , then the right . -lrb- the other link have peak that point like arrow to the RIGHT , then leave -rrb- 7 . when you have find the correct link for the next step , hold it taut against the two simple peak band you have be hold between you thumb and forefinger . the band of those two link should now be rest against the LEFT point peak of the select link , and you should adjust you hand so that you be hold that link on you pinky , taut . 8 . with you free hand , grab the last remain link . turn the link so that the peak and dip face the top of the ring -lrb- you should be hold the ring upright the entire time -rrb- bring the remain link towards the right , and overlap it with the link you be hold on you pinky . the easiest way to do this be to imagine you be try to put the other link on you pinky with the one that be already there . if this be do correctly , you will still be hold the two simple peak link between you thumb and forefinger , and they will form a diamond shape . you will also be hold the other two link on you pinky , they should form a figure eight , with the other two band pass through the center . 9 . at this point , I usually change the position of my hand . now , hold the figure eight together with you thumb and middle finger , try not to disrupt the other one too much ! try to maintain the diamond shape in some way , hold it however you be comfortable , in a way that will enable you to continue with these instruction . 10 . Select the link on the top , closest to you . -lrb- part of the diamond -rrb- spin the link around so that the peak fit through the figure eight -- also , make sure that once the peak be inside the figure eight it also pass through the band of the other part of the ` diamond ' . when the link have be spin , and pass through the figure eight and the band of the remain link , fold it downward , so that it be flush with the two link that form a figure eight . 11 . well , you make it to the last remain link ... congratulation ! all you have to do now be carefully spin the last link so the peak fit between the peak and gap of the already mostly assemble ring -lrb- just spin it , no need to do anything fancy ! -rrb- once the last remain link have be pass through the ring , fold it down to lay flush with the rest of the link . 12 . enjoy you puzzle ring !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a beautiful ring but the stone fall out within 6 month of have it & the silver be light weight . Buyer beware !
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring . I have have it for a couple of year now , and I wear it all the time , as a wedding band . because it be sterling silver , it scratch a little more easily , and I have a few scratch on it , but it be still very pretty . I recommend this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful and well make . it fit perfectly and I receive it quickly . I be very happy with my ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I get the ring today . it be deliver sooner than I have expect , which be good . the ring look nice . the stone be clear and sparkle . the band width be as describe . however , there be only four prong , not six prong as be describe . I do not mind that it only have four prong , but I expect six prong from the description . also , the stone be loose a bit . I can twist it and see it move . the stone could have be set tighter if it be six prong rather than four . I hope the stone will not fall off any time soon .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be the second time I have have to purchase this ring . the first one be steal ... and I almost can not blame the theif . it be gorgeous . the silver elephant sparkle like diamond . it be my favorite piece of jewelry !
Jewelry	POS	5	I have a issue with my order that be not technically the fault of Palm Beach jewelry , but they go well out of they way to assist I to ensure that I receive what I pay for , and make I a very happy customer . I can not say that about every seller I have experience . thank you Palm Beach jewelry . I would have no qualm about purchase through you company again , or recommend you to other . I give you 10\/10 and 100 % satisfaction . thank you so much . I be a australian customer and Palm Beach jewelry be in USA !
Jewelry	NEG	1	the band really look like plastic . it be also too bulky to wear and my finger be at a weird angle co its so thick .
Jewelry	NEG	2	ship be timely and excellent , but the ring itself be less than satisfactory . I buy it for a friend , hope that it would be a good gift for she -- and even though the silver be nice and shiny -lrb- though it do feel kind of cheap -rrb- , the fit comfortable and smooth , I be return it because the `` blue lapiz '' stick out like a wart . the picture make the stone look more embedded into the ring ... it be not . it stick out for more than a good quarter inch , and have a scratch , imperfect surface . just not aesthetically please !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love my celtic knot ring from silver insanity . I have love everything I have order from this company and will certainly order from they again .
Jewelry	POS	5	this `` dolphin spinner ring '' be one of the best item that I have ever purchase - from anyone ! I do not understand what a `` spinner ring '' be , until I receive this ring . the ` inside ring ' , with the dolphin on it actually spin around so the dolphin be ` swim ' ! I love it so much , I have to get a second ring !
Jewelry	POS	4	I give this ring and a necklace to my girlfriend for we anniversary and she love this heart shaped ring more than the butterfly necklace . she seem very happy when she see it and it be just a great buy ! just make sure you know you beloved 's ring size before-hand : -rrb- thank you !
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful , so much so that when my teenage daughter crack and break hers after a lot of abuse , she request this same version of the Claddagh . something even more important to I be this be one of almost a dozen item I have purchase from this company from jewelry to a fabulous mortar and pestle set . shipping be quick , item be exactly as state . Taos be trust worthy and I be very , very happy with every item I have purchase from they .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it be a eye cathcer and I have receive many compliment on it . thanks Dan 's jewelry .
Jewelry	POS	4	when I first see this I think it look really cool . and when I get it , it be a lot bigger then I think . it fit well on my middle finger but it be a little thin . the metal be also a little maluable but unless you play with it , I do not think it would be a problem . which finger you will be able to put it on depend on you finger size . my friend can only put it on they ring finger but they have bigger finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! I have wear it almost every day since I get it a year ago . I love it and it be just as pretty as the day it arrive . wonderful quality ! gorgeous ! thank you , silver insanity !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . the only thing I would have want different be if the petal on the flower be seperate and not one piece . I have have so many compliment on the ring . it be not small and have a grat presense about it . the color be nice and the silver be a great accent as so much in Jade be set in gold . very nice for the cost .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I have wait a few week to post this because I want to see how the ring hold up . I have wear it maybe 10 time and it seem to be hold up ok . however the stone in the ring have very little sparkle and do not really show up well . they be a decent size and the ring itself be very realistic look but there be no life to the ring . it be most likely due to the princess cut of the stone which have very little light refraction . I should have stick with the round stone and I be sure I would have be happier . all in all , the ring be good just not exactly what I be look for .
Jewelry	POS	4	nice ring for its price . I really like how shiny it be . it have a good weight not light which make it as a real ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	ring arrive in a beautifully gift wrap chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope . the band be gorgeous , the gold plate be true color , smooth , and the bezel be intricate . the cubic be disappointing , not a true amethyst color , it be darker , more berry , and have little lift above the bezel . Cubic have little fire , mostly flat at all angle despite the cut .
Jewelry	POS	5	we love this ring . everyone think it be real , include people who know what to look for . we will definitely be purchase from you again soon !
Jewelry	NEU	3	i be expect something of higher quality . i order this because it look exactly like a piece i use to have , but this ring be poorly make ; the hinge be not even , which do not allow the ring to bend properly . i do not know what material it be make of , but it be \* not \* pewter . it be far too fragile .
Jewelry	POS	4	the trick to this pill box be to put you pill in the lid and then close the pill box . this way you can fit more pill and they will not crush because of how the lid fit to the bottom . all seven of my pill fit in this compact pill box . I like it so much that I buy two more as gift . E.
Jewelry	POS	5	I love vintage jewelry and this ring have the look of a vintage Art Deco piece . cz be brilliant . I receive the item quicker than I have anticipate .
Jewelry	POS	4	sadly this ring be so pretty , size 6 be to small for my finger so I could not wear and it fall off my necklace and shatter , but other than that it be very nice .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring look nice , but in person it be a bit big and masculine look for a woman . quality appear to be pretty good and size seem right as well . the image make it look more delicate than it be . I still like it though and have worn it almost every day since I buy it . -lrb- I have no problem with the seller and it arrive a day before expect delivery -rrb- .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be absolutely beautiful ! the pic do not do it justice . I have wear it everyday since it be deliver and I completely love the way it look . the only downfall be that it do not come in 1\/2 size . I want to wear it on my right hand , but it be just a bit too small , so I have to wear it on the left . otherwise , I be more than satisfy with this purchase !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love the teardrop design and the three shades of amber in this sterling silver ring . it be exactly what I expect it to be .
Jewelry	POS	4	the craftsmanship on the one I receive be not perfect , but it be a substantial ring with a decent-looking stone . for 12 buck you can not go wrong .
Jewelry	POS	4	get within a few day , be a bit to big but return it and recieve it within a week .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring look exactly like the picture show , and after a brief cleaning it fit together easily . the one send to I be easily a size larger than I have order however - perhaps it be a fluke . I be still go to keep it though . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great buy ! unlike other cz ring it be small and very beautiful . it be not gawdy like some can be . glad I buy this one as well !! I would definitely recommend this one as well . this really be a great company to deal with as well . thanks again !!
Jewelry	POS	5	I recently buy this ring to wear to work . I work in a factory and be afraid of lose a diamond or damaging my original set . I want something a little flashier than just a plain band . but would not really worry too much about . this ring be perfect . it look great on and when it get a little dirty I just put it in sterling silver cleaner , and it come out look like new . when my mom see it she say she like it better than she own .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful and be well make . I be impressed that it be so nice with such a low price . I would get another one in a heartbeat !
Jewelry	POS	5	Sabrina Silver be great to work with . USPS take forever to deliver , but in the mean time they help I track my ring , and promiss to send another in the ring do not make it to I . very nice ring at a great price .
Jewelry	POS	4	Worth more than the price , only knock a star off for the size - no regret with this one .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring that I order be absolutely beautiful . I receive it in two day from the date that I place the order . awesome service !!! thanks Sabrina Silver !
Jewelry	POS	5	I have have several dolphin spinner ring . yes they be only $ 20 . key word be several . I love this ring . I wear it on my left thumb . it be very comfortable . I be pretty tough on ring and this be hold up extremely well . I would recommend highly .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be one of my favorite ring . in fact I wear it out and need to buy a new one . lol
Jewelry	POS	5	I get the ring and I absolutely love it ! it come a day earlier than it be suppose to and its the perfect size ! its also super comfy and super shiny ! I love it and i would recommend it to anyone who want one
Jewelry	NEG	1	you get what you pay for here . I think it be prettier on the computer than in person . my son 's girlfriend wear it two day and it start tarnish . she be so happy with it when he first give it to she , so I hate that it be not hold up .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be a great look ring , and there be no problem with the sip ; but the size be the issue . there be no place to pick a size , but nowhere else do it say the size of the ring . so for future buyer be aware of that ... the ring I have be about a size 10 .
Jewelry	POS	5	purchase the ring along with match earring as a Christmas gift and they be very well receive . the vendor ship promptly and the price , very reasonable !
Jewelry	POS	4	Gem Avenue ship very fast . I would buy from they again . the ring itself , for $ 15. , be a good value . brand new , the shine be wonderful but do lessen with time and polishing do not bring it back . I do not think I would get a ring with the rhodium plating again . the band do mar and scratch and these do not rub off . the stone in my ring , although sparkly , look plastic , not even glass . they be not set uniformly and because of this , they do not reflect the light evenly . some of my stone also look damage , as though squashed or something . unless closely scrutinize , these thing be not noticeable and the ring look like a genuine wedding band . I buy this ring to try out the style , and for that purpose , it be a good buy .
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring , sadly the firend i buy it for doesnt wear it : -lrb- warning : size run big !!!!!
Jewelry	POS	4	with the product everything be ok but the invoice be inside the package and not outside -lrb- as it should have ben for international shippin -rrb- . it get stick in the custom and I have to pay a extra fee for every day in the custom ' storage until I be able to pick it up ... could be improve organization-wise ...
Jewelry	POS	5	a truly amazing piece of work , it be great to watch my son qwiver with exitment and joy upon open the gift . of note if you want to bring this product into australium one need to fill in custom form and get ` permission to import weapon other than fire arm ' fill in by the firearm branch of the state police . I do not quite see how they could be use as weapon . it be a very beautiful peice of jewellry
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it take I a while to figure out how to solve the puzzle once undo -lrb- it become addictive -rrb- . totally recommend it to all my friend . I also love the design
Jewelry	NEU	3	the band width appear smaller in real life than the picture , and the stone only have 4 prong not the six picture . fit be good and stone be nice and sparkly , it just do not look like the picture .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I have have a pleasant experience with silver insanity and would order from they again , but the red garnet ring I order turn out to be a orange color . they be not exactly accurate with they picture , so be careful when order .
Jewelry	POS	4	I order this ring as a gift and I love it ! I wear it constantly and get lot of compliment ! it do get a little dull over time and the heart on my ring be actually a little crooked ! but this be hardly noticeable when I be wear the ring . the stone also show no sign of fall out !
Jewelry	POS	5	very nice ring for a incredible price ! anyone who have see the ring and comment on they be astonish when they find out how much I pay for they . arrive in just a few day too .
Jewelry	POS	4	I like these type of wedding bad ring . this particular one be well worth the money . it look nice and teh gold color be very bright . I be not sure how long the plating will last .
Jewelry	POS	5	it fit perfect on my thumb finger which be what i be look for . also fit good on my index finger as well . thanks
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be exactly as picture , nice and heavy . it be deliver promptly , much more quickly than I have expect . as it turn out , I could not use it -lrb- I be a 5-foot female -rrb- . I have think that maybe I could wear it on my first or second finger , but it be way too big . still , it be too nice to return so I pass it on to a friend .
Jewelry	POS	5	Easy to complete - follow you tube video available for puzzle ring and you 'll solve in no time .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really love and appreciate they service and the product be incredible and i hope to always get my stuff from here .
Jewelry	POS	5	it look really cool and I love the fact that it be resizable . I have be get these kind of ring for a while but with most it be just a get it and hope it fit thing . I love this ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	love the stud , it add to it . overall not as shiny as expect but none-the-less beautiful .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring as a Christmas present for my wife with the intention of get the inside engrave with we wedding date and some nice word , as the wedding set that I buy for she be too thin to have anything engrave in it . although it be a rather inexpensive ring , we be hope \/ expect something of higher quality after read all of the positive review on Amazon . the silver be not very shiny and the Cubic Zirconia look like clear plastic . the underside of the ring where the Cubic Zirconia be set be not fill in and therefore highly limit the engraveable space in the ring and add to the `` cheapy '' look .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be totally in agreement with S. Ateser ... . on my finger it be much more refined and understate than the photo .
Jewelry	POS	5	lovely , absolutely lovely ... delicate and beautiful , well make and at a great price ! Came package very well , and be definitely photograph appropriately , look just like it be picture . I could not be happier !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my son who love dragon . he love this ring . the picture do not really do the ring justice , it have a very high quality appearance and a nice heft . my son love show he dragon claw ring off to everyone , and everyone think it be pretty groovy .
Jewelry	POS	5	rhodium .925 Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Cubic Zirconia Ring eternity band  I have only have it a day , so I can not tell you how well it hold up , but it be a very pretty ring ! the stone actually look a little darker in person than they do in the picture -lrb- of course , computer screen vary -rrb- but I really love the color , which be a couple of shades lighter than a royal blue . the ring sparkle nicely , and have a good fit . very comfortable ... Gem Avenue ship the item quickly , and I actually get the ring within 3 business day use only the basic shipping method ! I will definitely purchase from they again ! good buy !
Jewelry	NEU	3	a good price for a pretty ring ... but if you be intend for a `` daily wear '' kind of ring , you may want to look further . the marcasite stone begin to fall out after the first few month of wear ...
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be very pretty . the diamond look smaller in real life than they do in the picture and one be mount a little crooked . other than that , I like it very much and wear it almost every day .  2.04 cttw 14k White Gold 9x7mm Oval Genuine Amethyst and Diamond Ring in 14k White Gold size 8
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring fit true to size . the craftsmanship be beautiful , very exquisite look . the price be worth it . have not tarnish or leave any marking on my skin . the band do not bend , the metal be not soft and keep its shape .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be my first time I purchase jewlry from Amazon . I be extremely please with the product and I have receive many compliment . I have tell all my friend be I purchase the ring . I plan on make more purchase with this company , they be prompt with the order and I love the selection of jewlry . thank you Diana Hall - Jerome Idaho
Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be nothing like I think it would be . it be cheap look . maybe other who order this ring and write great review get a better product . the one I receive be so cheap . I will be return this ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	I order this item for my husband as a birthday gift since he horoscope sign be the Scorpion and even though the ring be very detailistic it be only offer in two size and I order this in the largest size and it be still slightly to small , but my husband do not want I to return it . so I guess as long as he be satisfy that be all that matter .
Jewelry	POS	5	all I can say it that I wear this ring with everything ! it be even more beautiful that I could have think . I buy it just to have a pretty diamond ring to wear when dress up a bit but I have it on now and I be in jeans and a tank top . it sparkle so much and I wish I would have buy one for my sister and mother .
Jewelry	POS	5	the stone be a more subdue blue than it show in the picture , but that could be due to my monitor more than any misrepresentation . the band be thick enough to feel very sturdy without feel bulky . the prong hold the stone do not snag at all -lrb- which be a problem I commonly have with cheaper jewelry -rrb- . the stone have a wonderful sparkle . overall , it be a gorgeous ring !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring have the Ranjana script for OM MANI PADME hum on the spin inner ring . I receive a size 12 -lrb- which do not seem to be available on the website today ! -rrb- and for $ 14 or so it be a nice piece of jewelry . however , be aware that the script be make from a one-sized casting ; they just cut and solder it together to fit whatever size outer ring you order . so in my case the om script repeat almost twice , but they cut and solder it in the middle of a syllable . I be not sure what that will do to my karma . : -rrb- Bottom line : nice , inexpensive .925 ring ! this be the third item I have order from silver insanity and I be happy with they service also .
Jewelry	POS	5	I read the review of the other buyer while I be purchase ing this ring . the first review make it sound mediocre while the other make it sound perfect . I promise myself I would write a true review of the ring once I recieve my own . the stone be neither large nor gawdy . the silver pattern be slighty thick for my taste however not noticably thick . the stone be not high nor fake look . the picture give a acurate display of the product . all in all , it be a beautiful ring and a lovely buy for the price ask .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy a celtic puzzle ring from silver insanity through Amazon , and I be very impressed with what I receive . not only be my ring ship to I in a timely manner , but I be also impress with how quickly they answer the question I have ! I be sure I will be visit silver insanity again soon . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it fit perfectly , feel solid , and be beautiful . I have own quite a few of this type of shaped-stone ring , as well as some glass ring , and this be the best one I have ever find . the picture really do not do it justice ; the ring catch and bend light , so that it shine different color in different light . well do !
Jewelry	POS	4	I actually have to order a half size up -lrb- 4.5 -rrb- so I 'll rate that . it fit perfectly and it be simple -- two thing I look for in a ring . it be also at a extremely decent price . I be also impress with the response time and service .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be search for a Claddagh righ for a while and I come across this one . it be just what I want . when my boyfriend get the ring he love it ! he think it be nice that it tell he what it mean , since he do not know the meaning of it . all around a great gift to buy . -lrb- 3
Jewelry	POS	5	Ok so i keep mess up on the customer feedback , but here go . ring be great but i originally order to large so have to exchange . be prompt and super efficient , email be very explanatory , so i highly recommend , especially for the discount price .
Jewelry	POS	4	this piece look as good in person as it do in the picture . it be heavy and my wife love it .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring 's coloration be wonderful ... just forget that it can be somewhat fragile ... it crack after a week of regular use ... I would recommend this ring for people who will not be use it as a everyday accessory ... but overall I be happy with my purchase ...
Jewelry	POS	5	great value for this ring , it be buy as a gift and my sister love it !
Jewelry	POS	5	Eve 's addiction be wonderful with send the ring and the ring be beautiful ; my daughter waa thrill with the ring . thank you , Dorothy
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautiful ring and for the money , it be a great value ! I do not expect much and be pleasantly surprise by the quality .
Jewelry	POS	5	my daughter eye lite up so very bright when she put this ring on . she have not take it off since put it on she finger . it be beautiful . very nice and shiney . high quality . this item be send in a very pretty box and she keep the box beside she bed . it be just perfect . I highly recommend Gem Avenue . great item , super fast shipping , and no nonsense like with a lot of online purchase . the item be exactly as describe . this seller be honest , informative , and very nice . I will purchase other item from Gem Avenue as this item be exactly as describe . thanks for make my daughter eye shine . Joy
Jewelry	NEU	3	I like my black gemstone ring and order the turquoise one for a friend . they like it ...
Jewelry	POS	5	i order this ring due to the fact i have lose weight and do not have the money for a real diamond band . I be surprise when i get the band that it look so real . the diamond look like real diamond . no one could tell the difference !! I highly recommend this ring !! it have not change color and it look like platinum .
Jewelry	POS	5	I normally review watch but this will be a first for a ring . the ring arrive in a nice little silver box with a baggie inside the box . inside the baggie be the ring . with a lustrous shine , you pull it out of the bag ; examine it - love the layered brick design ; and then put it on the finger . since this be a spinner aka worry aka prayer aka stress ring - I 'll try not to wear out the inside portion that spin like the one 's I have do with that be make of stainless steel . since this be a recent purchase I can not comment on durability at this point . hopefully it 'll survive my life . thank you for a excellent product !
Jewelry	POS	5	it arrive earlier than I hope ! it be very pretty , and comfortable to wear ! I recommend it !
Jewelry	POS	5	there be a lot of different style of claddagh ring , and honestly a lot of they look like junk . the hand often look more like oven mit and the heart look like a lumpy rock . the detail in this ring be great , look just like the picture , and score major point for I with my girlfriend . definitely a good buy , especially for the price .
Jewelry	POS	4	the medal be shiny and the stone be pretty and clear . it be a little bit darker than the picture show , but not drastically . I like it a lot , it be lovely and the band be not so wide its uncomfortable , its a nice snug fit . thank you for this nice piece of jewelry , I love ring and love collect they
Jewelry	POS	4	nice ring for its price . I really like how shiny it be . it have a good weight not light which make it as a real ring . also you can feel how solid it be when you hold it not loose and light .
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be crooked so i try to bend it cuz it be soft metal and the fingertip segment break off on one side . it be fine it still stay attach mostly and still look neat .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be very pleased with my purchase , a wedding band . my fiance love it and my confidence in the company be very high . it be simple but the quality be high .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be 100 time prettier in real life than in the picture ! if I do not know better , I would swear it be a antique piece . the ring be well make , beautifully craft and the detail be amazing . I have small hand and the ring be petite , have a low profile , be extremely comfortable and exactly what I want . I would recommend this ring if you want something small and understate but still amazingly beautiful .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring definatley look nicer than it do on the computer . it be gorgeous and there be no down-side what so ever ! I love it !
Jewelry	POS	4	its my own fault that I do not read the detail of the ring more carefully before buy . I learn a good lesson too . i will not buy jewelry online anymore . its a pretty ring , do not get I wrong , but its huge ! I be tall -lrb- 5 ' 9 '' -rrb- and have really big hand , so I like the stone on my ring on the bigger side , but this stone be much bigger than I would prefer . the color of the stone be nice though , just like in the picture . I like that its a different shade of purple compare to the other ring , which all seem to be the same shade . this color be a little more wine color . I have no problem with the company that I buy this ring from , I be just mad at myself for buy it without know how big it truly be . if you like big ring , you will love this ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	I be look for awhile for a frog ring . I do not like big bulky jewelry . Saw online and immediately like it . be deliver quickly and when I receive it I love it . its small and flat and do not get catch on anything and can wear 24-7 .
Jewelry	POS	5	wow ! thank you , Gem Avenue for send out my order so quickly ! I receive my package two day before the end of the delievery window and be very satisified ! each ring come in it little own box with a bow cover top and the ring inside a protective space . unfortunately , I will have to return one because I guess the wrong size for a friend . I will write a separate review on the exchange policy . but the ring be beautiful and I be sure I 'll order from Gem Avenue again !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	love this ring ! it be adorable on and be the perfect size for my finger .
Jewelry	POS	4	i get this 5 mm jade band ring for my son . my daughter-in-law see it and want one also . so i get she one . very pretty . my kid really like they . delivery time good . ring come in excellant condition . thanks to all involve .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I buy three of these ring for my sister and I , and only one of they be in tact ! I have only have these for three day . they fall apart really easily and be impossible to put back together . save you money and you sanity ... if puzzle be in the title its probably not a good idea .
Jewelry	POS	5	my cousin that living in USA bring to I this ring and i love it very much ! it be so brightness !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	i just get my ring in today & & i absolutely love it . i be afraid that maybe it be go to be too thick but it be the perfect width . size be right on too so that be nice . it be MUCH more shiny in person compare to the photo . i have be wear it for well over 6 hour now & & there be no discoloration on my finger . material be light but still have some good weight to it . best thing be , this ring be not fragile at all & & I will definitely be wear this on a day to day basis !!!
Jewelry	POS	4	I think it be a great ring for the price . I already get a couple of compliment about this ring both from guy and gal . the only reason I give it 4 because I suspect that the shine will become dimmer as the time pass by . still I think it be a great purchase and I will buy again .
Jewelry	POS	4	really beautiful ring though the teardrop contain imperfection so symmetric to be real and make the amber look as fake . the green color be obtain apply a coat of something at the base .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive this ring as a Christmas gift and it be absolutely the most beautiful ring ever . I want a ring that do not stand up too high , which can catch on thing , and this one be perfect . the design be even more beautiful than the photo -- when view from the side , one can see through the intricate , delicate silverwork , reminiscent of a beautiful old bridge . know that these ring be not mass-produced , but be cast individually upon order , from genuine antique mold , make it all the more special . my ring be make especially for \* I \* ! precious beyond compare . the ring available at the local jewelry store can not compare to this ring . oftentimes my son and I have pass a jewelry store advertising ring of $ 1000 or more that be not half as lovely . you could not get I to trade this ring for any of they ! I simply could not ask for a more beautiful ring . I think I fall more in love with it every day .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring - it be so cool and I love it be uniqueness . it can be tricky to put together , but once you get the hang of it , it be possible . plus , it be fun to try to figure it out -lrb- it make it all the more exciting when you finally do get it together ! -rrb- I would definitely reccomend , if you have some time\/patience to learn how to reassemble it .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love my ring , it fit perfectly , I order it on a Saturday , it arrive Thursday . I have be want to buy a ring for quite a while now , and I love this one . the stone be gorgeous , it shine in low lighting . my only complaint be that the band have receive many scratch since I get it . . I blame it on my wear it almost non-stop , but then again I do not do anything extreme that I would expect to scratch it . the band be very thin , it have not lose it be shape , but it take some get use to a band this thin . overall , I still love this ring , the scratch be not enough to make I regret get it .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be absolutely beautiful in person . I be so happy with the fast shipping . all around it be a great buy !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my teenage daughter for Valentine 's day and she absolutely love it ! she also love the box that it come in . she wear it to school and just about everywhere . on the rare occasion that she be not wear it I like to borrow it for myself . the delivery be fast and the ring be of great quality . I be very satisfied with the product and Gem Avenue .
Jewelry	POS	5	have this on my wish list and be fortunate to receive it as a Christmas gift . I have this ring in the onyx but love this stone so much more . the color be perfect along with the cut . go so well with jeans . this be my favorite everyday ring and I be a mature -lrb- grandmother -rrb- woman .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring ... I buy it to wear as a everyday ring because where I work my real wedding set get put through the ringer ... I have receive many compliment and nobody know it be not real ... the shipper be great a pleasure to do business with ...
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be larger than I expect . it be very attractive with a good weight and look . Iwas concern that because of the detail of the dragon all round the ring that it would not be comfortable but , this be not the case . it wear very well . I would buy again .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be very detailed fit be a little lose , but well worth the cost .
Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this ring for my 17 year old daughter . it be beautifully make and wonderfully price . my only complaint be that the stone be a little more orange than I would have like . I be hope for a darker red . but , I know she 'll love it !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring a few year ago and I love it . it have tarnish a little over the year , but it be a nice right hand ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	very nice ring for wife , or girlfriend maybe daughter and very pink shinny and love the ring this seller make already buy 2 and my wife love they
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be beautiful and I really like it , but they either send the wrong size or they run small because it do not fit , so I return it .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring be cute , but clearly not very high quality ... also the heart stone be slightly crooked which be just distract enough to make I not want to wear the ring . if I be able to go back and re-buy this ring , unfortunately I would probably spend my money on something else .
Jewelry	POS	5	ring look great , fit to size , and feel good on the finger . would recommend to anyone look for a nice look bulldog ring
Jewelry	NEG	1	ring would be perfect if it look like the one in the picture ... the ring i receive look unfinished ... the side cross need more edge ... also the black shading be lack on both side and top ... i will not bother contact Amazon or seller for it be not worth my time or money to have ship back ... I will try to add more shade myself ... if this ring be not the exception i do not recommend it ...
Jewelry	POS	4	wife love the ring . very pretty . great color . careful - fragile . unfortunately the ring shatter when she smack a table top . -lrb- not out of anger . -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	right when I order this ring , I could not wait to have it . when I receive it , I be astounded at the brilliance of it . it have great detail and the shine to it , as well as the size and weight . overtime , though , I find that the luster grow dull and `` gritty '' almost . even though it have lose the beautiful shine , I would still recommend it to anyone .
Jewelry	POS	5	get this as a replacement wedding ring ... I have lose two ring so I want something not be cheap but do not look cheap ... well just get the ring in and think I hit the nail with this one ... great fit and finish sizing be perfect shipping be quick ... 3 day ... and you can not beat the price ...
Jewelry	POS	4	I have be eye the Sevillana ring for a few month ago , but I be scare to pull the trigger because of its very unique and bold design . when I see this replica for sale for a fraction of the price , I think it would be a good way to ` test drive ' the jewelry before buy the real deal . I receive the ring today , and I be impress by the weight and look of the ring . you can barely tell it be a replica when its on my finger . however , there be 3 small difference that the buyer should be aware of : 1 . the inward face part of both the o and the band be hollow , unlike the real one which be a solid peice of silver . of course , this be only noticable when the ring be off . 2 . there be no Tiffany stamp , but something illegible be stamp instead . it be probably suppose to be .925 but the number be all smear together . I be pretty confident it be real silver though only time will tell . 2 . the part where the band connect to the o be incorrect on both side : - on the real thing , one side of the ring 's band turn into a swirl that never conncet to the o -lrb- there be a gap between the two -rrb- . on the replica , the swirly and the o be connect . - on the other side of the real ring , the ring 's band be `` straight '' -lrb- no swirly -rrb- and fully connect to the O. on the replica , there be a swirly that be connect to the o just like it be on the other side . these difference be minor and barely noticable once the ring be on . however , the ring be lack the detail that the original one have , which be show by the shortcut take to manufacture this peice . overall , the quality be great for the price and I would recommend this to anyone that do not want to shell out the full amount for the real thing . however , I be quite disappointed when I receive it because its not the ring I actually want . the Tiffany Sevillana come in two size : large -lrb- the original -rrb- for $ 325 and the small for $ 275 . I be expect the large but the one that be for sale here be actually the smaller version . shame on I for not read and verife the dimension list in the description . ca not really be upset here because its my own fault , but be aware of which ring you be actually go to buy ! overall , I be impressed with Eve 's quality and price -lrb- and super fast shipping ! -rrb- and I will definitely be browse more item to ` test drive ' . : -rrb- 5 star for the experience as a whole , and this will make a nice present for my little sister .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive my jewelry so fast . the size be true and fit perfectly . I really love the design . I recommend this product to anyone who like elephant like I .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be look for this kind of ring all this pass summer . the product itself fit perfect and look great with my other ring . I do with it be less chinese dragon like and it rap around my finger but it be still cool .
Jewelry	POS	5	very quick shipping . beautiful ring . surpass my expectation .  tdrz-5600-5 nickel Free .925 Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated polished Finished 4mm wide band ring size 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10
Jewelry	NEG	2	very pretty ring but stone fall . out three day after get it other than that the ring be very lovely wish I could get another one but scare it will happen again
Jewelry	POS	5	as with the spider earring I order , the ring be perfect ! I get a lot of compliment on how well it be do .
Jewelry	POS	5	Got this for a birthday present for my teenage daughter and she love it . it be just what she want . good quality and reasonable price .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be very pleased with the ring when I recieve it ! it look exactley like the picture ! and be beautiful . have get many compliment and no one can tell that it be not real . even next to my wedding band that have real diamond in it ! will definately by from Gem Avenue again ! can not beat the price !
Jewelry	POS	5	I really really adore and cherish they service because they do they possible best to please and serve there customer and the product be just so incredible and beautiful .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring I have order have all be beautiful . they have a nice tactile quality , good weight and finish . thank you !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring along with a couple of other item here on Amazon , and although this be the last of my item to be ship it be the first to arrive ; I just receive it yesterday , so the shipping only take around 2 day . the size of the ring 's stone and design be a bit smaller than I would expect , but the perfect size , so that it look dainty but not delicate . in fact , the picture show on this page really do not do it justice -- it look much better and more perfect in real life ! for the high quality at such a low price , it really can not be beat . this be the perfect ring for anyone look for unique and beautiful celtic jewelry . ca not wait to start wear it !
Jewelry	POS	4	buy this as a gift for my sister two year ago for Christmas . she wear it almost daily and it be still in fine shape .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I purchase this ring as a pinky ring . it be beautiful and well make but all it take be one hit against a door handle and it crack . so while I do really like this purchase I would not recommend for every day use . maybe it could be party wear : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be very dainty . the cz 's be very sparkly . I wish it be bigger in width , but it make a pretty ring for a small hand person , or as a pinkie ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very beautiful ring . the color and quality of the ring be fantastic . enjoy this ring very much .
Jewelry	NEG	1	this look like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it be really rough . I return it for my money back because I be really disappoint in the quality of the ring . for sixty dollar i be expect something really nicely fabricate , but the outside piece do not spin properly -lrb- at a certain point i have to force it to spin -rrb- , the saldering at the seam be awful and obvious , and there be notch and imperfection all over it . just really disappointingly poor quality . do not trust the picture .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring for my daughter for Christmas . it arrive in perfect conditon . the ring beat my expectation . I have worry that for the price it would be a little dinky ring , as that have happen when I buy from other place , but this be PERFECT . the size be great , it have a very nice appearance , shiny and a very clean look . the box it come in be so cute with a bow on top and I have not expect that . I be so pleased . if you have any doubt , DO not ! it will not disappoint .
Jewelry	POS	5	it look like the real thing . cubic Zirconia jewelry be very popular these day and this particular jewelry item show why !
Jewelry	POS	4	so i be a girl and want a armor ring , i fall in love with the bird 's skull and want it ! i know it would have to be resize for my tiny finger but i still go ahead and order it , it do say `` adjustable '' after all . it be beautiful beyond word ! but not as adjustable as i would like . i take it to a jeweler to try to get it fix but since it be pewter , jeweler want nothing to do with it and say it 'll get ruin if he mess with it ... sooooo i be in need of a new jeweler so that i can finally wear it . : -lrb- -lrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring and have wear it since receive it ... everyone who have see it love it and want one . . the price be right and I love it . . highly recommend !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be not bad . basically , I lose the diamond in my engagement ring . the prong break and my diamond fall out somewhere on the street downtown as I ride my bicycle through the city . I be very sad . and my hand feel very lonely . I have be marry for 7 year and I have wear that ring for 8 . we have a few choice . I could buy a new ring or a new diamond . the thing be , I be not much on jewelry . my wedding set be all I really own . it be a lovely gesture for my husband to buy I a $ 1,500 ring when we get engage , but I can not see spending that sort of money again . when we get we tax return , I be buy a $ 1,500 bicycle and I some how have to believe I will get far more enjoyment from that than a ring . I think about drop a few hundred on a nicer `` fake '' ring , but you know what , when it come down to it , I just want the symbol to be there . I figure if this ring suck , it be $ 10 . no big deal . when the ring arrive , the cz look larger than I expect , but I guess I do not read the description very well . it be about a carat size . I think it would look less fake if it be a tad smaller , but oh well . the band be a bit lackluster next to my actual white gold\/diamond wedding band , but it be not terrible . the cz sparkle very nicely in low light setting like bar , restaurant etc. . in direct light , it be a bit iffy , as the large flat top surface reflect light instead of refract it . -lrb- I believe this be the correct term . -rrb- overall , it be worth $ 10 . I have wear it for about two week and receive some compliment . no one have question it so far , but I be also not flat out show it to people\/flashing it around . I be simply wear it as I have worn my other ring for the past 8 year . I will say that the band be already scratch up , but I be very very tough on jewelry . I never take my ring off and my gold band be pretty rough up at this point as well .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring look really pretty in the picture , but it be okay in real life . I guess I have a high expectation for the ring since it do cost 15 buck -lrb- plus tax -rrb- . it be just not as `` glittery '' as the picture . otherwise , the quality be good . it come with a heart-shape box . if you want a promise\/purity\/engagement ring , then I say buy the expensive ring and it look -lrb- at least -rrb- better in real life so you feel that you have not waste any money .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have to get larger ring while I be pregnant and want something nice to wear . this ring be very beautiful and I get several compliment from admirer . this be pretty close to the look of my original wedding\/engagement ring , so I feel right at home wear it .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring have great craftsmanship , its beautiful , and fit perfectly . I love it and never take it off .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be look for a good size claddagh ring for some time now all over the internet and I be so glad that I decide to go with this one ! the ring be a good size , not too large for a woman , and the design be beautiful ! I love it ! it be a fantastic ring , with a fantastic price !
Jewelry	POS	5	BOUGHT this ring for MY DAUGHTER and I know SHE 's GOING to love it . the quality of THIS RING go WAY beyond the price I pay for it . you can never go WRONG ORDERING FROM AMAZON.COM !!!!!!
Jewelry	POS	5	wow my wife realy will love this ring when i give it to she this Christmas !!! I be hope it get I a little play to from the old lady !!
Jewelry	POS	5	where do I begin ? I have not have my ring too long like some of the other comment but ... I love it . it be buy as kind of a `` just for now '' ring until a bigger and better !! but I love it . it sparkle and shine just like real ! could not be happier its a great buy !
Jewelry	POS	5	if you think the detail on this ring be the most beautiful one on this website , you would so be right ! the ring 's detail be amazing , and everything on the ring be perfectly proportional . I end up give my ring to my mom because it be a bit too big -lrb- I guess I measure my size wrong -rrb- . now this ring be not make in Ireland -lrb- Thailand -rrb- , but I have have claddagh ring from Ireland -lrb- but I lose that while I be move -rrb- , and the detail be nowhere near the quality of the detail that be on this ring . the hand shape be especially well craft . I definitely recommend this product !
Jewelry	POS	5	the stone be so brilliant and shiny , i love it . the band fit very well also . i be very glad i get this ring . everyone think it be real .
Jewelry	POS	5	my fiancee and I purchase this ring as my wedding band to accompany my 2 carat solitaire . it be absolutely perfect in its classical elegance and be a perfect match with my engagement ring . we have originally look at just a plain band , but go with ring instead - and I could not be happier ! will post a picture in 9 day when we be marry !! = -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	well , I have have this ring for about a year now . my ring size be between a 6.5-7 , depend on the ring . I have read the review where it say that the size be a little small , so I buy the size 7 . it fit wonderfully , no problem at all . the ring have a good quality weight to it too . and for I it do not turn my finger green . but then that very rarely happen with my skin anyway . I love all the intricate detail on the design and how the nice blacken in the background really bring out those detail . also , I be incredibly glad all of the design be in good shape , no deformity or anything cover over with a sloppy blacken job . all in all , I be greatly please with this ring and I wear it all the time . when other people notice it they always comment on how they love it and how unique it be .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be exactly what I expect , so to say , I know it be go to be small and flimsy . this be not a expensive ring in any way -lrb- the price could have tell you that -rrb- but it be pretty . I can not wear it in the shower and I worry when I wash my hand . I can bend it easily and scratch it too .
Jewelry	POS	5	when my mother 's wedding ring start to break , I decide not to wear it for everyday use , and so I look around for something that look good , but that would not cause I a moment 's worry if it become lose or break , or , Heaven forbid , steal . I try a few different ring before settle on this one . it do not have any bit that stand up , so when my daughter and I have tickle fight , she do not get scratch , -lrb- and for that matter neither do I -rrb- , and I can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem . the design be gorgeous and I have get a lot of complement about it since I start wear it . I like it so much that I have promise myself someday I 'll have a real ring make that look like it . I have have it about a year now - the stone be still tight in they setting , and it be survive all kind of evil treatment because I do not ever take off my wedding ring . I do not think I could have do better for twice the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be real sterling silver the stone be clear cubic zirconium , its beautifully package and for the price , I get value for my money with this one .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive this ring yesterday . size be spot on . although it come as review with four prong , it look great . Super sparkle in a White Diamond facet cut . I only wish the top prong do not hide the Heart Cut notch . best of the buy in cz .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I love this ring , but buy it without realize it be a puzzle . I have to get my boyfriend -lrb- who love puzzle -rrb- to put it together for I , then he use a hot glue gun to keep it together , temporarily . I suppose it be not the company 's fault , I just wish I would read the review of it before I purchase it , instead of after . just be aware that this ring come apart and will do so every time you take it off .
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful gem stone , really rich look , and the silver be lovely but a little less elegant than some silver piece I have get . nonetheless I 'll be wear it happily .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love the design of the ring . I wear my ring practically everyday . when the puzzle ring come apart I do have some difficulty get it back together . I email the seller and within a day they email I the instrustion with picture . I be sure all of you who have spend hour try to put you ring together feel pretty silly now . now that I know how to get my ring back together it take only a few minute . I would recommend this item to anyone ... just remember to email and get the instruction .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it look like it be glowing or could glow in the dark . the color be just amazing . the ring be thick . you have to be a bit careful with it , b\/c it will chip and break , but not super easily . it be absolutely beautiful , and I plan to order more just to have on hand in case I break this one .
Jewelry	POS	5	I can not tell you the number of compliment I have receive from something so beautiful and delicate . my ring sparkle so much that you just can not miss it ! it really make I happy with how fast my ring arrive . I have not take it off since I have get !
Jewelry	POS	5	I do so enjoy wear this celtic knot ring with the blue topaz stone in it . I have have other ask I where I get it . and I sometimes say I get it from my husband when in fact I purchase it for myself . I enjoy wear celtic style ring or earring .
Jewelry	POS	5	my boyfriend get this ring for I on August 9 2010 and i be still wear it . it be very nice i love it ! the only i didnt like be that bottom of the ring do fade a little but other that it be a very nice ring
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a really nice little ring . I be very impressed at how pretty it be - especially for such a reasonable price .
Jewelry	POS	5	this claddagh ring look exactly as to what the picture display . I love it ! I have always want one -lrb- since I be little -rrb- because I be of irish descent . now I do not agree at all with the comment say it be big and masculine look for a woman . I personally have very small , slender & dainty hand -lrb- I get comment all the time on how tiny my hand be ... -rrb- and this ring look perfect on my very feminine hand , it be not over powering or bulky . personally the size for I be a little off . I measure my ring finger and say that I be a size 6 . which be what I order ... I know I should have go for a size 5 !! - keep that in mind just in case . in the end I be not too concerned with send it back for a exchange in size because it do fit my middle finger perfectly .
Jewelry	NEG	1	it be pretty , but it be not like in the picture . the two ring do not fit together , so there be a big gap . not for I .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be look for one of these that I like for a while and this one be it ! it come quickly and well wrap and I love it ! I wear it every day !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my gf , who love elephant , and she absolutely love it . she hasnt take it off since i get it for she !
Jewelry	NEU	3	this be a gift and be a lovely ring . without think , I cut the thread hold it together , but manage to get another on there before it come apart . that thread last about two month , and now it be apart in my jewelry box , wait for I to try the solution another reviewer post . I hope it work !
Jewelry	NEG	1	it have be over a month now - and I have not receive this item ! also - another similar item I purchase from the same vendor fall apart just hour after I put it on . no tracking information on the item - either .
Jewelry	POS	5	it be just what I want - I wear this ring on my pinky finger and it look perfect . Color clarity and triquetra pattern be striking .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be really awesome and the dragon pattern be clearly visible . it look really nice , but it be just a little heavy . I really like the ring and I plan on wear it a lot .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my best friend for she birthday . it come and it be so lovely that I have to give it to she as soon as I get it . she love it and I would recomend this ring with no regret .
Jewelry	NEU	3	we buy this along with the '' .925 Sterling Silver 6 mm wide Plain Band ring '' as temporary commitment band . this one be hold up a lot nicer . it be be baby would though . it will do until we can buy the actual wedding band . you get what you pay for but this be a decent ring for the price .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be BEAUTIFUL BUT THIN , for special occassion only . I leave it in MY PURSE and it get PANCAKED before I be able to wear it . I be able to fix it as much as I could BUT the shape be DISTORTED . very nice otherwise . also it run a little SMALL , I wear a loose 7 and this ring be SNUG
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring arrive in a very nice american Pearl box with polish cloth , velvet bag , and guarantee policy . presentation be very good . the good : the setting be well do . the diamond have good fire and be ` white ' enough to compliment the white gold . they be also color-matched well to each other . they be not exactly the same size on close inspection , but be too small to really notice from more than a few inch away . the bad : the pearl be not black at all like most south sea pearl and have no green overtone . it be medium gray and look nothing like the pearl picture on Amazon or American Pearl 's website . this be also not a 18k ring , it be clearly stamp `` 14k '' inside the band . if the pearl color be not enough to make you return it , the lesser quantity of gold than advertise should be . conclusion : overall it be a very pretty ring even though the pearl do not look anything like the pearl you be expect to receive , nor like 90 % of south sea pearl . the setting be really nice . it be not 18 karat gold make this ring about $ 80-100 less valuable . I contact american Pearl two week ago per the instruction that come in the box , and I have yet to receive a response . to be fair , I will update my review base on they response if one be receive .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love the product and the shipping time be a lot less than expect . no complaint at all !
Jewelry	NEU	3	im not really sure about this ring ... i buy it as a christmas gift for my sister ... the picture make the ring look alot better than it look in person , the ring be a bit cheaply make but not terrably so i dont think the price be quite right for the quality ... i would pay 10 buck max for a similar ring again
Jewelry	POS	5	this product be amazing . the band like many mention be smaller than it appear on the picture but i be perfectly fine with that . i have get many compliment since the moment i first wear it . i be very pleased with it . its small and simple but beautiful . the stone shine like a real diamond and it look amazing on . i recommend it to anyone look for something affordable and cute .
Jewelry	POS	4	I really like the way this ring come out - it be very true to the picture . if i have to say one negative thing about it , it would have to be that get the ring on be a bit of a challenge ! it be not quite a smooth procedure , and every time I go to put it over my finger , I feel like I be go to grind the finish off . however , it be still hold up and it look really good . this be a nice every day ring that go with anything .
Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be pretty , but the stone fall out within two week . I only wear it a few time . I definitely do not recommend it .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be just as advertise and deliver quickly . we love they . it do take a few day to ` break they in ' so they spin easily .
Jewelry	POS	5	this sterling silver heart solitaire\/aquamarine be of excellent quality . we grand-daughter love it ! the seller be quick with delivery , pack product well for delivery and we will use again for we jewelry source .
Jewelry	POS	5	I do not expect much of this ring , because it cost so little . I think it would look like something out of a cracker jack box . but it do not , it exceed my expectation . it look like a diamond ring . the silver be shiny and the cz look like a expensive brilliant cut diamond .
Jewelry	POS	5	very nice ring for the price . Stone be a very pretty blue . arrive very quickly . the ring be smaller than I think it would be .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love my new butterfly ring . the size and quality of the stone be better than expect and the band be wide and comfortable to wear . I would have expect to pay much more for such a pretty little thing as this . I be a forty year old mommy who buy this ring for myself , just because it make I feel special . I will definitely buy again from Eve 's addiction . gentleman , if you be look for a gift for a woman who be young at heart , indeed , a girl at any age , this one will make she very smiley .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I love this ring when I receive it , however , after wear it one time for a short period of time , the stone split and the top portion fall off . the ring now appear to be miss stone and have lose its sparkle . needless to say I be very disappoint with the quality of my purchase . look nice , but you can not wear it !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring very recently and it be a nice shiny ring . the metal be high quality stainless steel . the skull on the front be small and understate , and be small enough that it do not draw attention . the ring otherwise be a silver band . for I they do not have my size , so I buy the next size up and wear it on my middle finger , work great . the price for this ring also be a great deal . stainless steel be usually hard to come by at such a great price .
Jewelry	POS	5	if your LOOKING for FINGER ARMOR THAN THIS be the ring for you ! MY family and friend go crazy when THEY see it . it take get use to -lrb- a LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE -rrb- BUT I love it just the same .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring run small . I order it in a size 5 and when I get it it be way too small for the finger I want to wear it on . I have to send it back for the next size up and it take forever to get back to I , but when it finally do , it be the next size up and it fit perfectly and I like the size , no gap between the heart and lining , the little heart be very sparkly , and I wear it everyday all day ! ... just order the next size up than what you would normally get ! = -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I have order several peice of jewelry from this company and everything have be a great deal and well worth what I pay for it . I will be shop with they again .
Jewelry	POS	5	more than what I expect . get it for sale . very pretty for a very affordable price . I do not regret buy this .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this band as a keeper for my too-loose wedding band , and it be just perfect . the quality be good , the size be accurate , and the item be ship to I very quickly . my husband and I be both very pleased and would definitely buy it again if the situation call for it .
Jewelry	POS	5	very nice work , for this price it be totally a excellent purchase . . this ring do not have the bad look ending that I use to find in this kind of product . . also Gem Av . have a great service .
Jewelry	POS	5	tasteful design . I have receive a lot of compliment . I wear this ring 2-3 time a week . true to size .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be exactly as advertise . my wife enjoy wear the ring , so everyone be happy !
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this product on time . it be in perfect condition and be of very good quality . I absolutely love this ring and will be buy more jewelry from this supplier in the future .
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be nice ring with same color in picture . size be ok , but look too small on the hand . even look large in the picture . I think it be bigger on hand . thanks
Jewelry	POS	5	I be pleasantly surprise at the quality of this ring ! very nice stone , well make , good fit . I would order again from this company .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase two ring from Sabrina Silver and they be both of exceptional quality and the service be great . I will definitely purchase from Sabrina Silver in the future .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I have never even receive the ring ! I be send the wrong ring -lrb- which be $ 13 cheaper -rrb- , have to pay to mail the ring back , and have never receive a refund , a response from the seller or the correct ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring though the stone be alittle loose but I be gonna find a way to fix it so I can wear it again !!!
Jewelry	NEG	1	when the ring arrive it be not all the nice salmon\/peach coral color you see on the picture . it be bright red and I return it immediately .
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be very interesting look and exactly as promise though . the picture do not do it justice . I would recommend be careful with it though as it do not look like it will last long if you do not exercise caution with it .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be simply beautiful . I get a size too big and the customer service be great . I be afraid the design be go to look too gaudy on my finger , but it look classy and elegent . the longer amber go to almost the knuckle , but it be SUPER comfy and definitely not intrusive .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase the silver cameo ring from Palm Beach jewelry for my wife as a Christmas gift . I must say she love it !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a very flimsy and breakable peice of jewlery ... you could not tell from the photo .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring as a gift for a friend . she like it so much she have since become my girlfriend ! Ok , well , she do not become my girlfriend because of the ring , but she do really like it , and I have no hesitation in give it to she because the craftsmanship be very impeccable . she love wear it and I wish other jewelry I have buy in the past be the same quality . I know with care this claddagh ring will last a lifetime and beyond .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be very well make and look like it should cost a lot more ! even from a distance it be obvious that it be not ` junk ' metal .
Jewelry	POS	5	just get this ring in the mail , and I be very impressed ! for the price , I be expect much less , but this ring be very elegant yet simple and petite . it be very sparkly , too ! I be use this as a temporary wedding ring while I wait 3 week for my other ring be fix , but in the meantime , I really like it . ca not yet comment on durability , but I think the stone could pass for a real diamond . very pretty !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be absolutely gorgeous and I havent take it off since recieve it . but when buy this ring , be careful not to take the string off of the band . this string protect you from well ... insanity . I unfortunately take off the string and my ring separate into the 4 separate band . luckily I find a website that give I instruction on how to reassemble it . my dad put it back together and it be fine , but I have to admit I be a little distraut about how there be no indication or warn tell people not to take it off . if this do happen to you , google `` puzzle ring solution '' and there be many website to guide you in restore you ring to normal .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be skeptical about buy this type of jewelry online - you never know with some of the `` silver '' jewelry you find . these ring be adorable . I buy one for my daughter and my sister -lrb- same age -rrb- and they be very pretty ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful . it fit perfect . the price be unbeatable . this ring be really more then I expect . I will definitely from Bling jewelry again .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this because I think it would be pretty and I have be look for a birthstone ring for some time now . I be not impress with the look of this ring . the stone be dull and have no life at all . I have never wear it and do not bother to return it . I guess you get what you pay for in this case .
Jewelry	NEG	1	it be a very pretty ring . its stone stand out really far and it catch on everything I touch . the ring last two day and I notice that the stone be go . a total waste of money .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! I wear it with my wedding band that be platinum and everyone beleive it be real !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this be complete and total crap . i have never be so disappointed in a purchase in my life . i would have rather recieve flaming dung than this . it be bad quality , would only fit on the finger of a fat giant , and do not even bend properly . if u buy it , you be a complete fool .
Jewelry	POS	5	the picture do not do this ring any justice . it be a very pretty , unique ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this product be nice , the ring be beautifully finish with no so bling bling look , I be look for something which be elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browse almost 1000 ring before I settle on this one , what even more nice be , that this seller send I shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap , and they sure do , they reply my email promptly and very curteous , highly recommend they for purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! not only be it a wonderfully modern ring that have nice , clean line and feel sturdy ; but , the service I receive from Alain Raphael Jewelers be top-notch . I have question about the product and they be answer with promptness and friendliness . I recommend this product and this seller !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this item be poorly craft and the pic be mislead . I dont collect claw for display , i actually wear they in everyday life . this product be not wearable nor do it bend for show . those of you who collect might find this very under par for you collection .  Claws Spikes Pewter Finger Armor Ring Spike
Jewelry	NEG	2	nice ring for the a inexpensive ring , but one stone be miss . it be not worth return it as you would pay more for postage than what the ring cost .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase 3 claddagh ring as purity ring for my 3 girl . they be beautiful ring . one I order be too large -lrb- we mistake in measure -rrb- . the company make it easy to return and promptly send we we new ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be very pleased to see that this product look exactly like in picture and even better .
Jewelry	POS	5	I happen to be wear this ring right now !! lol it come in on time and it be go to be a gift for my sister but she say she think it would look good on I -lrb- and she like the other ring i get she too -rrb- great gift to give , its a beautiful blue and great design !
Jewelry	POS	5	I have very small finger and this be perfect . it be my birthstone and I love the celtic look . Service be great !
Jewelry	POS	4	cute design and affordable ! the band scratch easily though . and there be tiny little gap where the stone be set . but very affordable and cute ! I love the design !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring look just like the photo . on longer ring you need to remember to order alittle larger because they tend to fit the finger alittle tighter . the ring look nice and be easy to clean . Alot nicer than most of the lapi ring I have look at .
Jewelry	POS	5	when I become engage , my mother give I the 1 carat diamond out of she engagement ring . I be look for a `` look alike '' ring to give back to she so that she be not leave empty-handed . this be a great purchase ! it be nicely make and look like the real thing . my mom be very pleased with this gift . I highly recommend it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really love these ring . they fit well & I love that I can wear on my thumb or on my finger ! came right on time & well worth the price !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very nice ring . it come very quickly . unfortunately it be pretty big -lrb- I order a size 8 hope it would fit my thumb -rrb- . my boyfriend actually would not let I send it back , and he be currently wear it ! overall look great , spin nicely .
Jewelry	POS	5	it be a very pretty ring I have no discoloration with the ring and the stone look good as the day i get it no cloudiness and i wear the ring 24-7 . it be my youngest son birthstone color .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous . it fit perfectly and be very comfortable to wear . I 'll do all my ring shopping here from now on . a good experience .
Jewelry	POS	5	I absolutely love this ring and hardly ever take it off . it be brilliance be uncomparable . I order a plain band to forcus mainly on the beautiful heart ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	love the look of this piece . very classy and elegant , yet do not preak the bank .
Jewelry	POS	5	not show in photo be a very beautiful romanesk set that the stone sit on . one of the nicest piece I have ever purchase under 10 dollar .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really love the band . I buy one for I and a man 's ring for my husband of 20 year ! however , this be now the 3rd time I be write a review for the same product . not sure why I be ask to review again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be look for a black onyx ring in size 10 for my right index finger . it be very hard to find size 10 in woman 's ring . I be excite to find this ring . I really like it , and it be very pretty , but there be a slight problem . I order a 10 , when I get it there be a size 10 on the label , but it do not fit . I have a couple of other size 10 ring that fit my index finger , but this one seem to be smaller for some reason . I do not know if this ring run small , like some style of clothing , but the 10 do not fit like a 10 . I be go to send it back and order a 11 , but sadly there be no 11 . the ring be very pretty though , and I have be wear it on a different finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love amber , I do not think people appreciate how it be make how old it be and the work of the element to make such gorgeous and unique piece of amber . this ring be a steal ! for the price I get a classic amber , green amber , and a gorgeous yellow amber . it fit perfectly , look lovely and go with nearly everything . want to buy more for a few friend who love mine .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring exceed my expectation . it be absolutely beautiful and I have get many compliment when I wear it . I do wish that PalmBeach jewelry would offer half size .
Jewelry	POS	5	just receive my ring . it be just as expect . I want something petite to use also as a stacker . a very good buy for the price . it would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I purchase a palladium ring elsewhere as my wedding band . I want something to wear when work with my hand , when damage to the ring be likely . I buy this , and a 5mm stainless band . the stainless band be nicer for a few reason . first , the silver color be beautiful but do not look like white gold\/platinum\/palladium , while the stainless look very close . second , the stainless be much more scratch resistant , this will scratch in the first five minute you wear it . Third , the dome on this ring be very high which be uncomfortable for I . fourth be that the silver be likely to react with some people 's skin . I like the ss ring i also buy from Sabrina much better . if you want silver , this be it , but it be not what I expect .
Jewelry	POS	5	follow a burglery I be leave with no jewelery , and this ring dress my hand beautifully . this be fun costume jewelery , which do not look vulgar . the cubic zirconium stone look great .
Jewelry	POS	4	I have a small finger so the letter turn a bit and it be kind of hard to read ... but I do not mind because it be such a cool statement ring . it be definitely BIG ! fit great and do not look cheap .
Jewelry	POS	5	sterling silver celtic Knot Red Garnet Ring -lrb- Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9 -rrb-  I like it a lot and be glad I purchase it .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be as describe . simply stunning ! I be currently wear it and have be since it come in several week ago . it have not turn my finger green and do not irritate my skin . a great gift for you daughter , girl friend , fiancee , mom , grandma , etc ! I will be do more business with this company .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I wear this ring for a day and it look like it have be through Vietnam . it fit well and look awesome at first . the scuff and dent be a little too distracting .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring and it take a little under a week to get here . it look very similiar to the picture . the cz be a nice size . the band be a little thinner than show . I be very happy with this purchase = -rrb- \*\*\* Update 10\/14\/11 \*\*\* ive be wear this ring since 2007 and I still get compliment on it -lrb- and some people even think its real -rrb- ! it still sparkle like new five year later !
Jewelry	POS	5	since we be a family of non-yellow gold and allergic reaction to various metal , I purchase this for a young girl . the band be of sterling silver and quality make -lrb- do not bend or oxidize -rrb- . the heart-shaped Cubic Zirconia be set in well within the prong so as not to worry about it come loose . it come in a heart-shaped jewelry box and the ring be keep there when not in use . I purchase it at a great price at the time . overall , the small investment for this gifted ring be worth every penny .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring because I want a ring to wear in place of my engagement ring for a active travel trip abroad to New Zealand . while it do not sparkle or look real like my amazing engagement ring , it be still pretty , knock off my real one enough , and do the job for keep my fiance close to my heart and ensure the safety of my real ring while I be rough it white water rafting , hike , kayaking , and swim abroad .
Jewelry	POS	5	my ring be beautiful ! the setting , band size be great ! just what I want .
Jewelry	NEG	1	it tarnish on the first day and break on the third day . it be in the trash where it belong
Jewelry	POS	5	thank you for the beautiful ring ! I wear it all the time ! I would definitely recommend this item and the price be very inexpensive . : -rrb- check out the seller 's website !
Jewelry	NEG	2	I see this ring and fall in love with it . I after some thought I decide to have my husband purchase the ring for I for valentine day . when I be look over the ring online before the purchase i notice that it do not have a ring size selection , I decide to call the company and ask about the ring size before i buy the ring . I visit with the customer service , rep. I ask about size and if I could get it in a larger size . he tell I to send a e-mail after purchase the ring to request the correct size , - that they would size the ring for I - I request it in a 8 1\/2 . DId not hear back from they or get a confirmation e-mail . I be so excited to get the ring . I naturally assume that they would process the order as request . the ring arrive in a timely manner by Fed ex . it be package professionally but i do not pay $ 200 for packaging . I pay $ 200 for a ring that should look like the picture . it do not . the pearl be beautiful . the ring however be so small , that it hardly fit on my pinkie . the metal be thin and skimpy , and the halo around the pearl should look round , but it be flat on top like it have be press down on top . I cant express the thinness of the gold metal . I have contact customer service again via e-mail , since american pearl do not express any return policy , and I will call they as well to request a refund , or a resize . what i be concern about it that they will size the ring and not add any extra gold to it , and the band will appear even thinner . I be not sure if that be what I want to happen . this ring should be advertise for a child only . but I do not think I would spend $ 200 on a ring for any child . beware . I will update this post when I hear from the company . 2-17-10 update I call the company , and the rep seem slightly confuse with why I be want to return the ring . he do not seem like he really listen to I . I explain the problem , and he advise I to ship it back to the company in NYC and they would not charge I for resize , and also make sure the package be a COD . we insure the package , and it cost we $ 16 to ship it back . we will see when its return to we , for a later update . 2-26-11 UPDATE ring be send back . I receive it today , and it fit beautifully . same ring same packaging , it be just throw back in with the original stuff . but that okay . I just think that maybe they should have package it better to return . it be almost like they be put upon because i want the correct size . never the less , it do arrive and i be not charge for the size , and overall I be happy with the ring . I will change my rating star to 3 because the ring fit . it be still flat on top , as the metal should be more round but overall , a gorgeous ring !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be very beautiful . the package show up ultra fast and be well pack . the amber be absolutely gorgeous and the silver be stamp . the setting be not curve to conform to the hand . I be not sure if that be intentional or if it be machine press and assemble . even so , this be a lovely piece .
Jewelry	POS	5	my granddaughter see this ring and love it . she have a birthday next week and I order it for she . it be go to be a surprise . I open the package and look at it , and fall in love with it . we both love , and have the same taste in jewelry and I know she be gonna love it . cant wait to give it to she . great value for the quality . very quick delivery . we love Amazon.com .
Jewelry	POS	4	well I get this ring for myself because my fiancee and i decide to push we wedding up by four month and it be right around the corner and well let face it i have two week to get a wedding band and have to afford it right now too ... anyway , I could not tell by the picture what cut the stone be in the ring , but I order it anyway -lrb- do i mention i be in a hurry ??? -rrb- . the stone be princess cut and i really want round to match the one in my engagement ring , -lrb- even though we plan be to replace it with real -rrb- but this ring be absolutely gorgeous . you can not tell that it be not real ... look genuine next to my white gold engagement ring ... actually it look better , shiner cuz my engagement ring band be scratch . so if you want my advice , I love this ring and be definitely happy with what i order .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order these little ring for my flower girl in my wedding . they be too cute ! and the little box they come in be adorable - very happy customer . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	a very beautiful piece for the price , but it run very small . I order a size 5 and it be more of a 4 1\/2 in size and I can not wear it on the hand I buy it for .
Jewelry	POS	5	its cool ring , i have get many color of it , its strong solid . buy it you will not regret ; -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I just love the smokey quartz . please give I more .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this along with another solitaire as backup to my real gold and diamond set . the stone be large enough to be noticable , but not gaudy and fake as some of the larger stone . its a simple and elegant look . my hand be smaller , so the smaller stone look realistic . my husband be even impressed ! I like that its sterling and not a plate metal , so it will stand up to all the cleaning solution my hand be in . I would recommend this ring to anyone who like understate elegance . its definitely not for someone who like in-your-face flash .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be exactly as its picture , the solataire cut be gorgeous and sparkly . my only concern be the height of the stone -lrb- I be constatly get it catch on thing or bump thing with it -rrb- and the stone itself be a tad bit crooked , not enough to really notice though . all in all , I love it . people be always compliment I on it and they think its the real deal !
Jewelry	POS	5	match exactly my earring what I have from before . look nice and not cheap . this store have a nice collection
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be too small for most pill , but be ok for other use . it be not for a man
Jewelry	POS	4	a fantastic buy . I love the ring and would have give it a 5 except that a little of the black background seem to be come off , grant , this be minor . I would buy it again and also I would recommend it to anybody . this ring be very true to the picture of it that be display .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be actually look for a perfect ring for I to wear just before I ever get my class ring . and I find this ! I love how it look a blue green color ! and I order it on Standard Shipping and it come two day later ! but when I get it , it be a baby blue color instead and when I look at the picture it be blue green but oh well , it still look so good on I ! = 0
Jewelry	POS	5	I be so excited to get this ring . when I finally get it , I be like OMG this ring be amazing . I love it .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be a big lover of ` anything ' elephant -lrb- especially baby one ! -rrb- , and order this palmbeach 14k gold-plated elephant caravan ring . I would classify this as fun costume jewelry , and since it be only plate , I take it off when wash my hand so it do not start to oxidize and wear it only for special occasion . it sure be pretty and very shiny - for $ 20 buck , and I be enjoy it . fun and inexpensive jewelry !
Jewelry	NEU	3	its not a horrible ring . the picture look a bit better than it actually be . it do have very delicate look . if you look up close , u can tell the thing that hold the stone do not exactly have the `` real '' look , but I like this ring any way . of course it do not get as many compliment as my real diamond wedding set , but it be good enought to wear to work when you do not wanna get you real stuff mess up . it be pretty ... just pretty . note more than that .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I be very disappointed with this product . the ring setting be so high all the way around that you can not close you finger comfortably .
Jewelry	NEU	3	enjoy the ring . it be heavy which be nice . one drawback be that it be malleable and have lose its brand new shape and have to be rebent into shap .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I receive this ring because I want to wear it around Halloween time . it get here bright and shiny and sturdy . I have wear it since then but it be really scratch up and the band be a bit squish into my finger . it make the ring fit better , but it look like it be in a accident . I would reccomend this as a piece of costume jewelry , but nothing strong enough for everyday use .
Jewelry	POS	4	I recently buy this product and it differ a little from the color on the picture but it really be lovely . my finger be skinny and the ring dwarf my finger but i hang it on a chain and it look really lovely . so even if it doesnt fit just right it look great on a chain
Jewelry	NEU	3	why oh why do the people who make cz ring insist on have the stone be eqivalent to 1 ct + diamond . I look for a inexpensive .5 cz for over a week and finally buy this one even though I think it be a little big . it be , it look slightly bigger than a 1 ct diamond , and it look fake . I do find some .5 cz from a couple of `` high end cz '' seller , but they want over $ 150 for the end product . . , way more than I be willing to spend . my .5 ct solitaire diamond engagement ring go miss , but I still have the `` wrap '' that go around it to complete my wedding band set , -lrb- I still have no idea how they become seperate , and suspect theft -rrb- . . , and I order this to fit in wedding set . . , it do fit . I wear a 9 , and the band be actually closer to a 8.5 , so it just barely fit . -lrb- and you may want to order up if you choose this ring -rrb- the band look a little smaller than picture , but I think that be just because the stone be really too big to look real . the band be comfortable though , and even though I think it be size slightly small , it be a decent band . the stone be set a little high for I . I read a lot of review in my hunt for this ring , and I think the seller could really benefit from read this . . , BUYERS WANT ACCESS to .25 and .5 cz be that be still in BANDS of REAL METAL , and price well . one of the prong be bent outward a little , but that be easy to fix . overall , for the price , I would have to list it as a good purchase . . , the quality of the cz , the band , and the setting be all very good for the price . . , and because the description be accurate as to the size of the stone , I give it 3 star . PS . I find my diamond ring ! no one steal it , it be under a dresser . . , still have no idea how that happend ... ,
Jewelry	POS	4	I love the elegant design and it be just as order when I receive it . the only thing I would have wish be different be a larger stone-and would not have mind pay extra for that . I really like the unique design . I love the jewelry selection at Amazon.com .
Jewelry	POS	4	I buy it and immediately love it . some black funk come off for a few day but other than that it wear beautifully . I get lot of compliment too . I wear it all the time but need to be mindful with certain thing while wear it ... like play in the sand , work in clay , anything that can get in between the two piece . what ever get in it work its way out after you spin it repeatedly .
Jewelry	POS	5	product arrive quickly and it be packaged very nice and safe and it be a very nice ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be a woman of few word , so : these ring be comfortable and stylish ; a excellent value ! btw - I have order from this vendor before and will do so again . good price , quick service , and great communication .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it be , however , the second time in less than a year that I order one . I feel it should be mention that the ring be delicate and can break if accidentally hit against a hard surface . I do not know if it be genuine or synthetic since both word be mention in the description . it do not matter much , though , because the ring be inexpensive and beautiful . the picture do not come close to how pretty it really be . I break it by clap my hand and it hit another ring on the other hand during a Bears playoff game !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very please sight , be exactly what I desire and limber up quite quickly . I get the small black pouch when I order and I get this armor that fit snug on my ring finger , which be unexpected as I assume it would be too small . the metal be clean and strong , bend easily , hold around my finger , and be exactly what I order .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive my ring very quickly , and it come in a cute silver box with a bow on top . just in time for valentine 's day . I only just receive my ring , and so far , I have be satisfy with the brilliance and the sparkle of the stone . I be very pleased with my ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	I just receive this ring -lrb- size 8 -rrb- for my wife , who want a sterling band as a birthing gift . I pay ten smacker for expedited shipping , and the company wait one more day before it say the item ship Thursday , from Los Angeles -lrb- to Baltimore -rrb- . I be worry that the ring might not come today -lrb- Monday Christmas Eve -rrb- , and be even grumble about it as I look in my cubby at work , but the size of the shipping box fool I as it sit there , deliver this morning ! it seem like a perfect time as snow be fall , and I write this to share that it be a nice-feeling piece , weight-wise . the dome 's height seem nice , which be the real selling point for I . I want a ring that look and feel like it be just right and do not feel cheap or too light . see the amount of review here , I give it a shot and I be really happy with it ! the ring have that silver stamp quality mark -lrb- 925 -rrb- inside the ring -lrb- I add a image , and you can see the stamp on the production photo -rrb- , which be one sell for I . I have read a couple review of other ring that cost half as much , ask about the lack of a stamp . this show I that this be verify as 92.5 % silver and could be a international production piece , plus add alloy to make the ring harder . as for the finish , it seem like there be a couple cosmetic scratch on it , but I just do not want to return it since we baby girl be due any day now -lrb- due date Jan. 6 , but she be full term -rrb- . I be concerned about return ; that window in my life of wait for the replacement be usually when you want it , and I want to give my wife the ring once she be deliver ! I mean , the phone always ring when I be in the bathroom ... you know how it go ! I shoot some picture so that you 'll see the actual ring , instead of a production shot . it come with a cute little bow-finished jewelry box that be nice too . as the snowflake become larger , I hope this review help , as it be difficult sometimes get the feel of some item that people leave feedback for . I be glad I trust my instinct with this ring because I do not want the dome to be too shallow . this will look nice on she finger , and I be spot-on with the width be 4mm . five mill and I think it might be too wide , but I do not want 3 or less because it seem just a little small . now , let I run out and let some Christmas Eve snowflake light on my tongue !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this item be nothing like picture . `` diamond '' be raise bit of silvery metal . `` emerald '' be dull , poorly cut and set .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy the ring for myself and it come promptly and be a perfect fit . I recommend this seller !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my daughter for Christmas , she love it !! the ring be beautiful , perfect for a teenager . she fall in love with it and wear it almost everyday . I have not have one problem with the ring . no gap , no scratch ... it also do good in water ... no tarnishing of any sort . glad I invest in this product . the company be great in ship this to I before Christmas , I get it in a couple day .
Jewelry	POS	5	again another beautiful product one which I would like to be able to obtain to fit all finger for both hand . again however import restriction apply to bring it into australium , check with custom !!!!!
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my 17 year old daughter and she just love it ! the best part be the price , which be under $ 20. , you can not find that in store . she now want to get the matching earring !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be provide in its own box , with a beautiful free necklace and polish cloth give by Palm Beach jewelry . the ring itself be beautiful , and well make . it be delicate , yet strong in balance tone , color of stone and the arrangement be great . I would buy this item again from this location .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be just about what i expect . it be fun and puzzling , and it look nice . i figure it out after about 20 minute of mess with it -lrb- i have always be good with puzzle , so it might take someone else longer -rrb- .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring feel like a attractive high-end cocktail design , and be fun for that purpose . I would not necessarily wear it in daytime . the center stone be HUGE and kind of define it as a fun cocktail choice but not necessarily serious daily jewelery . but the stone setting be secure and the overall look be tasteful . I really like the corkscrew cz front -lrb- it be bring together into one thick piece at the back -rrb- .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I usually love ring from this company but be warn that this ring do not look anything like the picture . the ring I receive have a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as see in the picture . Mine be also tarnish or look like it have torch mark up the side . I will definitely be return this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring for a friend who collect elephant . of course the elephant on the ring be nicely detail and set off in silver while the band of the ring be electroplate gold . the ring look like it cost far , far more than the paltry $ 20 charge . I be very pleased with the purchase and so be the recipient . I would suggest make this ring in some larger size for man .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the packaging be suprisingly pretty it come in a heart shaped box with a bow . the ring in itself be very beautiful and fit perfectly albiet a few centimeter bigger than a regular 8 the only problem be the beauty only last about 2 maybe 3 week then the `` silver '' look like a cheap imitation with no sparkle or brilliance as in the first few day . the shipper though be wonderful it arrive much faster than expect and I experience no problem with that . sadly the ring be sit on my counter in its original box now and have be reduce to a fond memory .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring I order come in all size so selection be great from the get go and the price be very reasonable . my girlfriend love she ring and they ship my order right away and even put it in a nice little box which make for a great gift as it be seemingly ready to be give for Christmas . all around a great experience and I hope to do more business in the future . a +
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase the ring for myself and I absolutely love it . it be a lil bigger than I think but its hello kitty I can not complain : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I have have the ring for a week now and have have no issue with it . I have sensitive skin so I can not wear the ring from the dept. store , but this ring , despite the price , have not affect my skin . the rhodium coating be what help that . I be wear this as my wedding band since I lose my set . ca not tell it be `` cheap '' ! it be ship right away , as well . \*\*\* Editing this review year later . it be now Jan 2013 and I be on here order a new one . we be not ready yet to replace my original set with a nice anniversary band , so I be back here to buy a new one after have have to cut this ring off . I bent the ring when I be pregnant and try to cut it off my finger , after the finger swell ... Anyways , this ring last great . I once tell a friend that this ring be only $ 20 , she be shock . the quality have last through out the year . I be pay $ 20 for what I would pay for a very basic band at a jeweler for $ 100 + . the ring never do irritate my skin and the jewel never fall out . the band do slightly dull after some time , but it be not noticeable .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have not see ring like this before , I be very happy with it , even though it be extremely fragile . the reason I be still give it high mark be because it do clearly say in the description that be fraglie .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have always like simple onyx ring . this be the first one I would see in a long time that be something I would want to wear . love it .
Jewelry	POS	5	well I just want to say this be a beautiful ring and it be make my wife 's day . I love it its the best .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be order for a little girl . it be a very nice ring . it come in a pretty heart box with a bow . we be please with the ring and the speed of delivery .
Jewelry	POS	4	i get this for my mom because she favorite animal 's be elephant she love it , it be the first ring she get since she wedding ring 17 year ago ! the ring come before the time limit it be really small though but luckily my mom finger be small so it all work out ! = -rrb- it be in perfect shape and very pretty i think it be a wonderful item for anyone .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be very nice but shipping take longer than expect .
Jewelry	POS	5	receive my ring in record time in a beautifully package box , and it be absolutely gorgeous ! look just as it be picture . very clear and shiny , and a perfect fit !! both my original ring be steal during a recent business trip , so I have be look for a `` replacement '' ring , while we wait to purchase my 10th anniversary ring later this year . this be a absolutely perfect choice !
Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring look foggy and not clear . I wear it for two day 's and take it off . I 'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting be sterling silver .
Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this high quality Claddagh ring be the perfect Christmas gift ! my daughter love everything about it from it be high polished shine to the way it feel on she hand . she have have many complement and wear it everyday . I would buy from this seller again . fast shipping and package nicely too ! thank you !
Jewelry	NEG	2	the first time i get this ring which be last year i get one that be really good , but when i order this one this year -lrb- 2009 -rrb- I get it bent and it look like the diamond be lop side with the ring , i guess that be what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10 not buy from Gem Avenue again .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be just beautiful . very nice quality and elegance for the price . I wear it every day and recieve many compliment , include `` be you engage '' ? I be not , but that should tell you how nice the ring be . . and it do feel nice to hear that little compliment .
Jewelry	POS	4	it take a lot longer to arrive than it should have . I have to email the seller twice to see why it have not arrive yet . it take at least a week or two longer than what it be suppose to have .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be very beautiful , my fiancee propose to I with it and i absolutely love it . it be delicate mine bent a little while i do thing , but you can bend it right back to its shape . I would recomend thj to a guy want to propose or just give a nice gift to a lady -lrb- :
Jewelry	NEU	3	quick delivery . just not as solid as see online . it be highly polish , but it be not worth $ 26 . beautiful though .
Jewelry	POS	5	i buy the ring it ship in quick and my g\/f love it so if ur look for a cheap ring that look good get it . o teh diamond be a bit big but it stil look good .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be very fake look . the Cubic Zirconia be not clear ... I return it . the size be true , the band be nice , but the rock be very fake look .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring . I have get many compliment on it . the only thing I be slightly disappoint with be that the stone be more of a orange color instead of red .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring look like a beautiful white gold wedding ring . it fit perfectly and be super shiny and smooth . I buy a 9.5 and its the same size as my size 9 ring ... so maybe go up .5 of a size .
Jewelry	POS	5	the silver on the ring look darker on the photo here , so I be a little surprised when I receive it . overall , I love it ! I can not wait to wear it out to meet friend . my only complaint would be the back part of the ring . I know it look weird because they have different size for it , but eh , I mean , who be go to look at the back part of my ring anyway ?
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchace this ring for my neice and she just love it . it be lovely .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring for myself , I be not expect anything glamorous but i be expect something better . the stone look like cheap plastic and be loose when it arrive and fall out a week later . the metal be thin and chip easily . i be not impress with this ring at all . i would not recommend it to anyone over seven year old .
Jewelry	POS	5	my wife and I buy for we 4 year old daughter after she ask we to buy she a ring ... she absolutely love this ring
Jewelry	POS	5	love my ring ! Works perfectly as a temporary wedding band ! exactly as promise ! I have be wear they every day since I receive they at the end of May and there be no tarnishing . also I love that it do not turn my finger green - I can wash dish , shower , wash my hand and not have to worry about my finger look moldy ! love it !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very nice ring for the price . I order 2 different ring and be wear this on my left ring finger . it be a very pretty ring and I love it ! look better in real life than it do in the picture ! my stone be lighter blue but they may vary and be very pretty . ship be super quick . order on the 10th deliver on the 13th !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring . I will buy from these people again . let I know when you get some real cool guy bracelet in
Jewelry	NEG	2	design be lovely . bold with lot of sparkle . the down side be , it be start to lose it be finish . I have try clean it to no avail . if it get much worse , it will be time for the garbage can .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be want one forever and have be look at they for a long time . I love it , everyone who have see it love it . I be honestly very picky about my jewelry and my best friend use to work at a jewelry store and he love it too . my skin quickly turn green with costume jewelry and that be not at all a problem and I even sleep in this ring . it may not be quite helzberg quality but it be really nice and I could not be happier without spend a outrageous amount of money .
Jewelry	POS	4	I have never see such a nice design 4 band puzzle ring as this . however , when u disassemble it , the interior be not polish at all -lrb- dull gray -rrb- . overall , it be a nice design and I have fun put it back ! Solutions can be easily find on youtube video . slightly thick band for slim finger like mine but it will suit nicely on third finger or larger finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	certainly a nice ring , look more complex than it really be . I have a wonderful time put it back together , especially when I be show off . my first puzzle ring , and will probably be the first of many . overall , a nice ring for a nice price .
Jewelry	POS	5	I can not believe this ring for the money . I buy it to be a replacement wedding band because my original ring become tight over the year . this be perfect and beautiful . Service be quick -lrb- receive in two day -rrb- . very happy with my purchase , wish I would buy it sooner .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be sturdy , and very attractive . my boyfriend and I pick it out together and we be very pleased with its quality . it be very masqueline .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring !!!!!!! I do not get a chance to send a comment earlier ! this ring be of good quality ! everyone have ask where I get it and also how they can get one . this item be ship very quickly ! if you be a dolphin lover like I be , get this ring today ! it also make a great present for anyone . I have large hand -lrb- size 11 -rrb- and it be size correctly ! have a great weight to it ... ... if I could give more star , I would ... thanks for a great experience : - -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	ring come quickly , nice condition . extremely important to keep together , very hard puzzle to put back together and no solution come with the ring . ring solution can be find on line by googling but have to try several to find one that work for particular ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be ok look . you need to order half a size smaller . it be not comfortable enough to wear all the time . -lrb- I buy this ring for my fiance and I be write all these accord to what he have say . -rrb- you need to take it off if you be work out on machine and stuff for it feel uncomfortable on the bar and all . it might be a little uncomfortable if you want to wear a glove and all . but for the price it be not too bad .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really love this ring ! I be a little hesitant about buy it because the face be a little ugly . it look exactly like the picture . I can however overlook that , because of its other quality . it fit nice , its not bulky or uncomfortable . it doesnt look or feel cheap . I even step on it , by accident of course , and it retain its shape . -lrb- my foot do not come out of the encounter so well . -rrb- if I lose it , I would buy it again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring !!! I have be wear it evryday ever since I have get it , also I belive it be real silver !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	I love all the ring in all color . I would definetly buy again from gem .
Jewelry	NEG	1	buy for every day wear . the stone in the first one fall out , so I return it and order another . same thing happen less than a week later .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I wear this ring a lot because it be not too flashy to overwhelm my wedding ring or look funny with my casual clothing style but it definitely be not expensive look . the cz have very little sparkle to they at all . you would never confuse it with a real ring . nice costume piece for everyday , though .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my mom for mother day and I know she be go to love it . it be a beautiful ring , exactly as it be describe , will look great with everything !!
Jewelry	POS	5	I love the design work great with my anniversary band . I have small hand so the combination do not overpower . the price be right too . thank you for such a beautiful ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be very cute , a little darker than expect , size be just right . all in all a sweet little ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	I get this ring for christmas for my 14 year old daughter and she love it . I thank you and would purchase from you again ...
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautiful color ring with natural variation of pink throughout . you will be hard press to decide which part to place on top of you hand ! the jewelry arrive well package and safe .
Jewelry	POS	5	my daugher have problem with metal like I do and I have find Sterling silver work well . i hope this one work for she .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be so very pleased with this purchase . the ring be beautifully design and exactly what I be hope for . even the order process be please . it arrive quickly and even come in a box with a brief history of the claddagh and a jewelry cloth to keep it in good condition . I highly recommend this seller .
Jewelry	POS	5	I wear this ring all the time ! it be not `` cheap '' but it be affordable because it be sterling silver , so watch for wear on the inner band . fast shipping and overall , I be quite pleased with my purchase !
Jewelry	POS	5	a lot of modern maker of Claddagh ring seem to think that the traditional design be not good enough , and that they have to add more `` style . '' I would not have a problem with that if they style be not very often bulky , graceless , or downright ugly . here , however , we have a ring that be elegantly small and tastefully design . there be no strangely deform hand or oversized heart . everything be very nicely in proportion , and small enough that it look very good on even the slightest woman 's finger -lrb- trust I on that one , the woman for whom I buy this have such slight finger , size 5 be almost too big for she -rrb- . also , the silver be cheerfully bright , something the picture do not convey well enough . after consistent daily use , we can see no sign of tarnish or of wear on the inside . this ring be one of the most traditionally , tastefully beautiful Claddagh ring I have see , and for the price , it just can not be beat . just be careful which hand you wear it on !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order a ring , very pretty , just like the picture . delivery be fast .
Jewelry	POS	5	I absolutely love my new ring !! Sterling silver ring I have buy in the past have always scratch , but this ring have remain as polished as it look when it first arrive ! I would definitely recommend this ring and I would definitely buy from this company again . excellent service and a very speedy delivery .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I have order from Gem Ave before -lrb- 2x -rrb- the band be not 3mm and look cheap you get what you pay for . the package be rip and the box be what look like pull apart the plastic bag the boxed ring come in look like it have punch though . on top if I be want to return it I have to pay shipping which be cost of half the puchase not worth it I 'll give it to my niece very disappionted Gem Ave
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my boyfriend base on previous purchaser review . they be right ! the picture do not do it justice . it be a great size and quite manly , which be a little hard to find sometimes with these ring . my boyfriend be a firefighter so he be pretty hard on he jewelry and so far it have hold up quite well .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great quality piece of jewelry , especially for the price . I buy this as a gift for my sister-in-law and she love it !!!
Jewelry	NEG	2	I purchase this ring as a thumb ring and be not really thrill with it . it be inexpensive and you pretty much get what you pay for .
Jewelry	POS	4	the product come very fast and be just like how amazon explain it the ring be very clearly write no war and thick which i like but i guess if you like small ring this isnt you ring
Jewelry	NEG	2	Center stone look yellow , pink stone look fade , color be not as show in picture . stone do have a nice shine to they even though the color look fade
Jewelry	POS	5	the item do not have a full ring to it , so it be adjustable . the item come build so tight that the price barely move . this be ok . let I reassure you , the price can be coax to move if you slowly flex they . this be do so the wearer can adjust the ring to the desire flexibility . the ring part that be suppose to mold around the fingertip be also adjustable and can be adjust by hand . first rate and you should know , very heavy .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring for we summer vacation . it be so cute ! I get so many complement on it . I get it for my index finger . it be a great size for that . I do not think I would like it for my ring finger due to the size and shape . plus it show off better on my index finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	this turquoise ring be as pretty as the picture advertise ; the black line be just as deep . it wear quite well and be as solid as expect . you will have no regret on this purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	recently I discover this company and be now buy they product like mad ! the artisan quality of the work be impeccable , design be clear and easy to see and they nicely add a discount coupon for the next order each time you order ! my only complaint , and this have nothing to do with the jewelry , be that I forget this be STERLING silver which on I tarnish if I look at it wrong . I buy it in a 12 thinking I could use it as a thumb ring and even though my usual ring size -lrb- arthritis !! -rrb- be a 10 , the 12 be too big for my thumb but do fit my middle finger .
Jewelry	NEU	3	all I can say be that the ring be not like in the picture , but at this price you can not expect to receive something mega cool . I be somewhat pleased with the item except that it be not like in the picture , it have 4 star , not 3 , the symmetry be a little different but , whatever . I now want to buy another one like this because the first one I will give it to my girlfriend , I 'll just have 0.5 size bigger and come back with another review , tnx .
Jewelry	NEG	1	unfortunately , the ring I receive be a very distorted version of the one show in the picture . the skull look like Darth Vader . I be so disappointed .
Jewelry	POS	4	i love this ring my only complaint be that the metal be so soft that it bent to the point that i couldnt wear it anymore . i still wear it on a necklace and love it on occasion i can squish it onto my fingure but it take less than two month for it to be almost impossible for I to wear .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I buy this ring to replace one my girlfriend have lose that have sentimental value . look great in the picture but when I get it , it have a big chip miss that be just smooth over . the ring be not even circular !!! some area be thicker that other . I be go to send it back but between return shipping and get a new one , it be not even worth it . I go with another company . I would avoid this company . clearly no quality control .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be surprise at how shiny and beautiful it be in real life . I could not contain myself ... the same day i get it , I snip the string hold it together . I spend the next 3 1\/2 hour attempt to put it together . near one in the morning , exhaust , eye-strained , and slightly hysterical the dang thing fall together . -lrb- I be not sure I can put it together again -rrb- needless to say I wrap a new string around it , but wear it daily . it really be a beautiful ring . I be contemplate the purchase of another puzzle type ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	rely on the review above , I buy this ring because it look so gorgeous . it be deliver really fast and look even better in life . it fit well and feel nice , too . I love it , especially that it resemble white gold , which we can not afford at the moment . . I like the fact that I do not have to worry about scratch it or anything , and it stay shiny too . absolutely love it . will recommend it to anyone who be tight on the budget , but still wants\/needs a ring ; -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	buy this to replace one I have be wear for year which lose a few marcasite ... get the first one after the death of my 16 year old daughter who be a major frog collecter ... needless to say , lot 's of sentimental value . . never take it off .
Jewelry	POS	4	ring be nice , and unique . the point do snag on thing though . and one of the `` diamond '' chip fall out but you can not really tell .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a really really nice ring . it be nice and clean look , wonderful high-polish , and a nice weight to it . perfect for man or any lady who like a larger ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be stunning !!! I love garnet and when i see this ring i had to have it . it arrive like , 2 day later and i be thrill to have it ! thank you for carry such beautiful jewelry . will deffinately buy from you again : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for the heck of it and have worn it a few time , very nice quality ring that get ton of compliment . it be a large ring and have lot of detail . I would buy again . .
Jewelry	POS	4	item be what I expect when it be receive . the only problem I have be that I order the wrong size . pay extra attention when size ring online , or you might get the wrong one when it arrive .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring , it be just as picture and look very elegant . the only caveat I have be that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bend -- I have already break a couple solder point . also , I snag it on lot of thing -- clothes mainly -- so I end up shelve the thing more than wear it . but I be pretty rough on my hand , so if you be not , this be a great ring for you .
Jewelry	POS	4	Item ship promptly and arrive on the estimate date . for this price it be a pretty item , good for every day wear .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my daughter . she usually wear gold with gemstone and match they to she outfit . I buy this fabulous ring for she along with a plain silver band to brighten up she hand instead of the same gaudy ring she have . everyone at she employment have give she compliment on it and many of she customer have comment on how lovely it be . she sister be so take by it that I have just order a similar ring for she to enjoy as well . great price and this seller be fantastic , this be the one I will stick with from now on .
Jewelry	POS	5	Got this ring for my daughter as she love elephant . it come packed well and quickly . ring be great quality not cheap look at all . nice heavy metal very pretty glad we get it !
Jewelry	POS	4	it be a very cute ring . I like it a lot . I only think im not so satisfy its a little bit too raise . have to be carefull it catch on to you clothes when you be dress . a little bit too girly , the color be great .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring turn out to be even more beautiful than describe and in the picture . I have be very satisfy with it and love it very much . it be simple yet elegant . very good quality . my husband purchase this as a Christmas present for I and I would recommend other do the same .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous . it look tremendously expensive . the color sizzle and I believe it could be wear with any color to perfection . there be blues , purple , green , rise , and fiery black shades at some angle it appear to be sapphire , at another it appear onyx , at another emerald , etc. . I love ring on each finger and now I can not do that when I wear this ring , because everything else next to this look meaningless . I have ring much more costly and they be just lose beside this ring . this ring be large and beautiful . I can not say enough good thing about it ... BRAVO ! I would wear it with my best formal wear or my daily jeans and not be worry it can carry any look with success .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be as advertise . I be quite happy with it . the ring be solid , have good weight , and be very durable . I would buy from this company again .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I be very disappoint with this ring . it be very pretty , but once you take the string off it fall apart and there be no instruction to put it back together . my husband and I have be try to put it back together base on the picture of the ring on this website and have have no luck . now all I have be a pile of silver ring that I can not wear . if anyone know how to put this back together , please post how ! thanks .
Jewelry	POS	5	what you see be what you get , nice ring , live up to my expectation . fast shipping
Jewelry	NEG	1	my husband , neighbor and myself spend the entire night try to solve the puzzle and could not and tarnish what be a beautiful ring when it arrive . we can not solve the puzzle so it be a waste of money .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring . be so pretty . more than what I expect . so happy I get it very true to size and the picture do not do this ring justice
Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . this agate one be my favorite of the one I order , it look much neater than the picture show .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great product . it be just as describe and in excellent condition . great seller to do business with . thanks again .
Jewelry	POS	5	my husband keep lose he wedding ring so I think I would buy this one . he love it ... it stay on he finger . good quality ! thanks
Jewelry	POS	5	it be a very big ring that match the earring also sell on Amazon exactly . I get it in a size 6 and that be a little too big for my pinkie finger . I should have buy a size 5 . it dwarf my diamond ring and take away from they beauty because it have its own beauty . I honestly would not know that it be a cz ring unless I ask the owner . the cz 's surround the larger stone look fantastically real because they be the proper size for this ring and be not at all gaudy . just be sure of you ring size before you buy the ring .
Jewelry	NEG	2	look great and a good deal , but place of the stone could be better . one of the stone look like it be jam in so the housing be scrape and the stone seem out of place . like the way it fit and look good , but would not buy again .
Jewelry	NEU	3	now we see why the maker be call silver insanity . we buy the ring and it come today - it be beautiful . I take the rope bind the ring off and it come apart nearly instantly . we have be work on put it back together for 3 hour . there be no answer key with the ring , and apparently no key on the web . the maker will not take it back if it have be separate . so if anyone know how to put the dang thing back together , please email dunnhorn@yahoo.com
Jewelry	POS	5	just what I want and arrive in very quick time and it be love as a present . also it be package in protective fashion
Jewelry	POS	5	bottom line - my wife be thrill . she love all thing Celtic . I love all thing that provide a good value . I be skeptical because of the price point but be very happy with not only the item order and from this seller but be very happy with the fast delivery , and careful packaging . all my thumb be up for this transaction
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy two of these ring to fit on either side of my own platinum princess wedding ring to help anchor and to add to the ring . Perfect fit ! I have have a lot of compliment on my `` new ring '' .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive the ring today , Feb 12 , after place the order on Feb 8 - fast delivery ! the stone be a very pretty clear light blue , and while the metalwork have some flaw , you can not tell unless you be really examine it . for the price , this ring be perfect ! just what I be look for , fit great , and look great !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautifully-detailed ring , and the blue topaz be lovely . highly recommend as a purchase if you love fine jewelry .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring arrive faster than I expect . it look great and I already have comment on how nice it be .
Jewelry	POS	5	five year and counting , that be how long my wife and I have be marry and she still think she engagement ring be real . well , I owe it all to the jewelry magician over at Gem Avenue . have to get marry be bad enough , but no way be I go to shell out the long green for a relationship I be not even sure be go to last . so when I find out $ 7.99 be all I have to cough up to quiet down my old lady and lock in a cush job at she Dad 's cardboard box factory , it do not take I long to pop the ol' question . Criminy , I spend more on the dinner at Bennigans than I do for the ring . it be that darn potato skin appetizer that put I over . Anywho , she totally go for it , and to this day she still think it be a genuine carat diamond . sure , she only have one good eye result from a freak macrame accident , but she family and friend seem to have buy off on it too . and when the old conscience flare up and I start to think maybe my whole marriage be base on a big lie , I like to tell myself that I be not fool my wife so much as I be embrace a new cost save technology .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous and incredibly frustrating until you finally figure it out . another reviewer leave write instruction for how to solve the puzzle , but I find those to be impossible to follow . so once I get it I decide to make a video for anyone too frustrated with the ring . it be available on youtube ... -lrb- ... -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	love this product . it be very beautiful and elgante . look like I spend more then I do .
Jewelry	POS	5	I want a classy piece to wear on my right hand for work when I be wear gold . I find that I will end up wear this outside of work . very classy look
Jewelry	POS	5	great product ! I love the ring and the service provide by the company ! they be very generous with fast delivery !
Jewelry	POS	5	I be very impressed with this 3-pc . Smokey Quartz set . Pretty enough to give to my best friend . not too small , and really beautiful . just right . thank you !
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring itself be pretty and sturdy , but beware what size you order because despite use a size chart , the actual puzzle ring never come in the right size . I waste a lot of time and money try to get the right size because the customer service be really slow and unhelpful . unlike some better puzzle ring website I have see , this one do not offer any guide or suggestion for choose the correct ring size .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love my new ring ! it come earlier then the estimate delivery date . it be a moderately small size , definitly delicate enough for a woman . it look just like it do in the picture . I be concern about size , and that the nine would be too small , but it fit perfectly ! when I use the size chart , I measure a comfterably loose ring , and be a size ten . however , this ring I buy in a nine and it fit perfectly , with a comfterable amount of space . I would definitly reccomend this ring !
Jewelry	NEG	2	i recieve the ring today just now actually and i notice it be a for prong ring not six and the stone be loose i hope i can get it fix i really want to where this ring . the reason the stone be loose be because the prong be bent if i can straighten it out i might be able to where it . dissapointed
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring be as highly polished and well proportioned -lrb- we have all see bad dolphin ring , I be sure -rrb- as it appear . so , it be lovely . the only problem I have with it be for the price it be very light weight . the photo do not show that the underneath of the dolphin be hollow so I be disappoint with that surprise . . again , for the price . however , as I say , the up side be be that it be a lovely ring , my daughter like it and Eve 's addiction do a quick delivery with a lovely velvet bag and pretty box too .
Jewelry	POS	5	my title explain it . such a good ring for such a small price tag . I be really blow away . if you be into elephant and ring , get this !
Jewelry	NEU	3	I recive the ring withn the postal time set by you . I have notest that the ring have tarnish over the last few week and would like to know what I could clean it with . other then that I be happy with the ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful ! I order this for my daughter as a gift . she absolutely love it !! she wear it every where she go and receive complement from many people . the stone do not go completely around the ring as it may appear . there be approximately 13 stone , and they be all georgous . I highly recommend this ring !! Eve 's addiction be also prompt on delivery . great company !
Jewelry	POS	5	it look real enough to pass and even if it do not I would not care -- it be just " bling " and wear it make I feel special ...
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring when , during my pregnancy , my wedding band become too tight . the ring be gorgeous ; I have get several compliment , and always enjoy the surprise when I tell people this be not my ` real ' ring . it have stay sparkly , too , despite the wringer I put it through : no nick or scratch , and it clean quite easily after I get some lotion between the stone .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I really like the picture , the hand be PRNOUNCED and heart stand out-said 1\/2 '' which I think WAS A GOOD SIZE , QUITE DISSAPOINTED when i got it , it be very SMALL , more like for a 10yr . old , hand be barely noticeable and ring seem lack from what I expect , SORRY .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring and would order again from the company . it arrive as schedule and be exactly as advertise .
Jewelry	POS	5	when I see this ring I know I have to have it ! when I get it , it be more beautiful then I ever could imagine ! Spoon ring be really differant in so many way . you feel proud just to wear one ! I be glad that I choose this one to be the first of my new collection of spoon ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring during a auction & get it around $ 36 . when I get it I be really surprised that it be so cute since I wear mostly small thing & fall in love with it right away . I wear it when I be get my gall bladder remove & the one tech say that she love it , that it be really dainty . it change colors-blue in the sunlight & purple in ultraviolet lighting . nice little ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	Came right away . fight perfectly on my pinkey . a must have for young girl and woman who like this jewerly .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be the second year I buy celtic jewelry and my wife just adore it . for the price this stuff can not be beat and will last if u do not ruffhouse it . yes I like it much and I think i 'll buy some for I .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring because I be unable to wear my 14k gold wedding ring due to a allergy . it be well worth the money . it look very expensive despite only cost $ 20 . I could not be happier , I love look at it and the best thing be it do not bring my finger out in a rash because it be silver .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be so pleased with this ring ! it be even prettier than the picture show . it come fast , and be package beautifully .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy the ring for my best friend and get myself the cubic zirconium one & they look so good ! the rock kinda big but it be suppose to be like that & it be a good price . very satisfied with the purchase : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	perfect pricing for this ring ! Pretty ! deliver quickly & in great condition !
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a nice ring , but the cz be too big for I . I buy this and the .925 sterling silver princess cut cz -lrb- from Gem Avenue -rrb- as engagement ring because some of the review mention that the ` stone ' on this ring be a little larger than expect . I want a small -lrb- less than 1k stone -rrb- , and this be just too big on my hand . I have originally really want a round-cut but the princess-cut have a smaller ` stone ' and I actually end up like the cut better after compare the two . this be still a nice ring for the money though ! Gem Avenue 's shipping be quick also !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter . it arrive before the expect time and look exactly as picture .
Jewelry	POS	4	ring be exactly as picture . the stone be a nice size , not too big and not too small . I wear a size 7 and this fit perfectly . it be light weight and comfortable to wear .
Jewelry	POS	5	the picture do not do the ring justice . it be stunning and my wife absolutely love it . I plan on buy from this `` store '' again soon .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a inexpensive ring for a great price . it be a good buy for a h niece who love she celtic heritage and the color blue !
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be a pretty ring , but it turn color on my granddaughter finger . ??? the ring itself turn black on the back side , so I would not recommend this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring as gift and the person I buy it for love the ring . the delivery be quick and all other aspect of the order go great .  black Onyx Celtic Claddagh Sterling Silver ring -lrb- size 6,7,8,9 -rrb-
Jewelry	NEU	3	I like this ring but it be too fragile to really wear . Mine come and within a couple of day break . now I have to try to find a way to fix it .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very big ring - it draw a lot of comment . it be also very comfortable to wear , and not as heavy as you might think . the ring , as some other commenter say , run large - if i have it to do over again , I would order a size smaller than I measure out at - fortunately I have a larger alternate finger to wear it on ! it be strong and durable , and pewter be a softish metal , the scratch and nick blend back in a few day on they own - you would be hard press to bend this out of shape though . great value , nice item .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be concern the stone would stick up too high on my finger instead it be the perfect height . I be concern about order off the internet but I be very pleased with the speed of service and the quality of the topaz be very good .
Jewelry	POS	5	when we get engage , the future hubby want a ring to wear of he own . we look a lot of place and decide on this one - when I contact the company they be quick to respond and allow we to customize we order through amazon . we get this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe . he love it - and it come quickly . the acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping . it be light and it sing when he drop it in the kitchen or on the table - we be definitely happy with it for the price .
Jewelry	POS	5	we get this ring for my wedding dec 9th since time and money be important . I figure it would turn my hand or look dull , but not at all . its almost a new yr and it still look great with my platinum engagement ring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring and it come right on time and it be just as beautiful as in the picture . I be very happy with the ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	well make , sturdy , not like some of these flimsy puzzel ring that break , look even better on the finger than in the photo .
Jewelry	NEG	2	silver on bottom of ring paper thin and come with mark on it . very poor quality the top of ring be nice .
Jewelry	POS	5	hello , I have have many thumb ring but I truly love this one . I buy it and wear it for quite awhile and then give it to my daughter in law who love it . she lose the ring , so I order she another and one for I , too .
Jewelry	POS	5	buy this ring for my fiancee when arrangement for I to get a genuine family heirloom art deco ring for she fell through -lrb- long story -rrb- . see the picture and instantly click on it to buy it . beautiful . then I see the price and be fear-stricken . I think , `` there be no way , for that price , this ring be go to look like anything except something that come out of a gumball machine at the supermarket . '' well , let I tell you , it be absolutely stunning . the setting be magnificently detail and the enamel inlay add a very unique touch . my fiancee could not be happier and absolutely love it . the seller be also very accommodate when I have to change the shipping address because I be travel when it be schedule to be deliver . all thing consider , it be a magnificent ring , and the buying process be swimmingly flawless . my fiancee want `` something pretty , '' and she get it . highly recommend .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order three of these ring base on other people 's review . they be very pretty , a nice weight , and everyone love they ! I would recommend this ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be very satisfied with the product . it be not so fragile that it will break or bend quickly , but it have a nice , delicate look to it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I read the previous review . almost do not order it . I be glad I do , its what I be look for . a nice low price ring to wear to work . the flat cut set make it good , can not get any prong stick in glove so you do not lose the setting easily . simple silver design be highly appreciate . and the size run true . I get what I order .
Jewelry	NEU	3	when I receive this ring , I be very happy with the design , and the look of the sterling silver . unfortunately I do not receive a nice garnet in the setting . it be not even RED ! I receive a orange garnet , which quite upset I because my other ring I wear be a deep red garnet .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be beautiful the stone be the same width as the band so from above it look like a band but it be pretty and shiny so if you have small hand like I or dont want anything to large or be just on a budget this be the perfect ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I purchase this item in November of last year for my son as a birthday present . he be thrill to have it and immediately use it . after 4-7 use , it break in half . it do look great . but , it be poorly make at the joint . I do not know if I will recommend this product to anybody ?
Jewelry	POS	4	sterling silver Heart Solitaire Pink Topaz Ring  great for a teen gift , or just to show you care .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring remind I of my mother 's ring she use to own when I be a child . it be a beautiful stone , perfect for my large hand ! definitely recommend this purchase if you like 'em big & beautiful !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring and I hope my daughter do to . if not i will keep for my self . i love the ring
Jewelry	POS	5	I take some time on the site to pick out the correct size stone and design of ring . I be amaze at the quality and workmanship receive . the order be receive in a week to my surprise .
Jewelry	NEU	3	great gem crappy cheap band great for the price . run a little small . so size up a half or so .
Jewelry	POS	5	my bf buy this ring for replace my steal promise ring . it be absolutely gorgeous in person . the picture hardly do it justice . it sparkle almost as wonderfully as a real diamond . in any light it be eye catch ^ , ^ I be very happy with it . you will not be sad if you get this ring . it come in a very timely manner , we get it in just a couple day and we pay for standard shipping .
Jewelry	POS	5	this little ring come in several color , be very comfortable to wear , and do not get in the way of daily life .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy one expensive platinum + diamond ring for my wife that we afraid it would get damage from wear it everyday , but instead she would wear it on special occasion . on the other hand , the sterling silver cubic zirconium ring would be okay for everyday wear . it have fool some of my wife 's friend into believe that it be a expensive one . I do not know it would fade\/tarn like other reviewer indicate . Time will tell , but for the price it probably worth it . only one thing , I wish the seller would send\/mail out the ring asap since we know how much a $ 4.99 shipping cost would be for this light weight item be ... similar seller charge for only $ 2.99 for similar item ... then the seller should keep in mind of the buyer expectation and you know what I mean ...
Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture show here the ring look big and clear with shiny diamond , but in reality it look like a fashion ring someone would by for $ 5 . I order a size 6 , which be small obviously . but the cz , they be so small and u can bearly see they , and they dont sparkle like the picture show . the metal be shiny , i like it . some people say it look cheap but that be they opinion . the delivery and packaging be excellent . it come in this cute red box and arrive in 1 week .
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a very pretty little ring . from a distance , it be very deceiving . the only thing be that it do have a slight -lrb- very slight -rrb- white tinge to it , which be actually kind of pretty . it be fool a few people so far and you can not beat the price .
Jewelry	POS	5	I agree with the other poster . . this be a gorgeous ring . . I even put a little bleach on it , to see if it would discolor , and it do not . . a lovely piece . . Palm Beach jewelry be very nice . .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I truly have a love-hate relationship with this ring . it look really beautiful and I must admit that I fall in love with it the first time I see it . on the other hand tho , it be very impractical -lrb- but that be kinda obvious -rrb- and even worse , the `` stone '' fall out -lrb- without I notice -rrb- very soon -lrb- it be sorta shaky before and it be bind to happen sooner or later -rrb- ... ... but I still buy it again just to have it -lrb- which be , believe it or not , not something I usually do -rrb- ... so there you go ...
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be very pretty -- a good size -lrb- neither `` flashy '' nor too small -rrb- . the stone be sparkly and the overall appearance be that of a much more expensive item .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a lovely ring . it be well make and I love the design . I have have mine for a month now and I have have no loose stone or problem with the band . it be very nice !!
Jewelry	POS	5	I must admit . . I be a little concerned the ring wouldnt look as nice as the picture when I order it . . but the price be so great I couldnt pass up try it . it be a wonderful piece . I be totally thrill when I see it . . couldnt help think how much my daughter be go to love this at christmas . Infinity jewelry be the only thing she ask I to find for she and I know she be go to love this . I buy a sterling silver necklace at target & wasnt totally thrill with it when I buy it , but it be the only infinity item I could find in a store . this be a piece I know she will be totally happy with and so will you ! Dont hesitate to buy it . . you will love it , especially when the price be so little and the ring be so pretty !
Jewelry	POS	5	great item and I be still wear it , love marcasite jewerly and wash dish sometine be forget I have it on .
Jewelry	POS	4	i think this ring be very cool , but when i get it , it be way too big and i can not wear it ! I see now where the sizing be list , but i would suggest put it much higher or maybe even in the title . the ring be awesome though !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautiful ring . I be even wear it right now ! the ring may be synthetic , but it show the variation in color and stand out to people around you . the shipment be packed safely and arrive before the estimate date . a wonderful addition to my jewelry .
Jewelry	POS	5	my husband and son give I this ring for Christmas . it be absolutely gorgeous . very well make and beautiful on my finger . I love it !
Jewelry	POS	5	you have to know when you buy this that it be fragile and it be synthetic . if you do not know these two thing , either you be not read the product description or review or you be not pay attention . with that be say , this ring have a almost hypnotic quality . the color and the way it catch the light make it glow . this ring be beautiful , but fragile .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring ! it be stylish and do not leave a green ring around my finger . the only reason I give it 4 out 5 star be because it run really small . I order it to put on my pointer finger and it be too small even though I order it in a size 11 -lrb- 3x the size of my actual ring size -rrb- . but it fit my middle finger well and I wear it everyday !
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring , I really do . it be absolutely gorgeous . the only problem be that so far i have already lose three of the stone it in . it still look ok , but lose those stone definately dissapoint I . I still wear it almost every day though .
Jewelry	POS	5	I choose silver bcz it will not look gaudy and noble . be a mortal , I prefer wear sth plain but pure and clean . I be so happy to have find this ring . it be not shine and glare . rather , it look gentle and elegant with nice shape . once feel `` blur '' from the ring surface , just simply wear it and wash you hand with regular cleasing agent and it resume its freshness ! every friend of mine who see this tol I that I buy the right thing and it fit I perfectly !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter-in-law who love butterfly . I be a bit nervous because I order it late around the 18th of December . to my surprise it be ship immediately at regular shipping price and it arrive on the 23rd !!! wow . the service be excellent and the price be right . thank you !! l.y
Jewelry	POS	4	the black band in the center be not black at all ; it be actually a very light gray that look more like unpolished silver . however , it be still a very handsome ring and fit comfortably . I receive it in 4 business day , and I choose standard shipping .
Jewelry	POS	5	I think it would be cool to have a white thumb ring , because I have a red and black one as well . I do not know how gorgeous this ring would be the instant you place it on you finger . it literally have a glow around the rim and on you skin when you put it on , either if you indoors or out in the sunlight . any kind of light make the ring sparkle like a rainbow . really beautiful ring and I have so many people comment on it . a must for you collection !
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring during my pregnancy when my finger be too swollen to wear my real engagement ring . to a casual observer , the ring look real , the stone have a nice sparkle , the setting be secure , and the band -lrb- although slightly lighter weight than gold would be -rrb- be attractive and a good simulation of white gold . the product description say it be between 0.925 and 1 carat , but in actuality it look about 1.3 carat . I have only own it for a week , so I can not speak to how it wear long term , but I work in a hospital and wash my hands\/use hand gel multiple time per hour and so far it still look great . also , you can not beat the price . would definitely recommend .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the peridot in the center be yellow color rather than green . . it really look more like five dollar costume jewelery than something worth spend $ 34 on . total rip off , do not buy it .
Jewelry	POS	5	the first review on this ring set my heart on buy it for my boyfriend , and he love it ! the picture be not nearly as beautiful as the ring be in person , and it be the perfect size for a man to wear .
Jewelry	POS	5	great simple ring with stone that be secure . I seldom take my jewelry off so this fact be important and the ring have be all I hope .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be look for a emerald cut cz ring for a long time . this ring do not disappoint . the middle stone be a tad large , but not garish . there be 2 emerald cut cz on each side of the center stone . it look much better in person than in do in the photo !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be sooo shiny & sparkly . it be beautiful . I always get compliment on it . and the price be so worth the money . it be soo cheap ! I love marcasite stone . I be able to purchase a bracelet from target with the same stone and marcasite . so now I have a set . you will not regret purchase this ring . and it come in a beautiful box with a bow .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I find this ring to be a little disappointing in person . the quality be good , and the weight be ok , but not as heavy as a solid s\/s ring due to the spinner ! I notice right away that the area behind the greek key design be not black -lrb- as depict in the picture , -rrb- but rather a light matte gray . it be funny , but I take a quick shot of it with my `` Photo Booth '' camera build into my MacBook pro , to include as a attachment , but alas it too look darker in this shot than it do in person . ship be quick , customer service be pretty responsive . overall , a happy purchase , I 'll keep it and be wear it as I type this review .
Jewelry	POS	5	love love love it ! exactly what I be look for and fit like a charm . no green finger with this gem !
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be a pretty ring , but it be not make in Ireland ... it have Thailand stamp on the inside of the band . I would much rather have have a REAL Irish Claddagh .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive my turquoise band today . it come in a beautiful pink box with bow on top . the band be lovely . I be go to order another one .
Jewelry	POS	5	while I do not own this ring -lrb- but I soon will -rrb- , I have see it in person and it be indeed a lovely ring . the picture do not do it any justice . and as a previousl reviewer indicate - you can not tell if it be a sapphire , etc. . when it hit the light there be so many different color to this ring ... simply gorgeous ! and it can definitely hold it be own against more costly ring !
Jewelry	NEG	2	really love the ring , but the stone be not secure in place and fall out after a few day . I have still not get around to have it repair . disappoint because I love the design , but be warn that you stone may fall out too . I be just lucky to save the stone .
Jewelry	POS	5	my fiance propose with this ring and I be totally smitten with it ! I be anti `` real '' jewelry from jewelry store so this be absolutely perfect for I . it be gorgeous in its simplicity and I love the way it sparkle -lrb- especially in the sunlight ! -rrb- I often find myself admire it . it be nice and light weight . I get compliment on the ring by other lady a lot as well .
Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring it look just like the picture and have not leave my finger since i get it . the fit be perfect and i get it in good time .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this for my son to give he girlfriend as a promise ... lol if she only know ! what a great good deal I get on it . . this be my 3rd purchase from gem ave , and I have to say I cant wait to buy again ! everything they have-sell be nice and affordable ! shipping be lighten fast !!!!
Jewelry	NEU	3	in the picture the ring appear mostly white , and well half mine be whitish and the other half be translucent. , so i be a little upset at that , but it be a $ 5 ring so you get what you pay for . do not feel like plastic to I , feel more like glass and have a neat glow . biggest downside be it be massive thickness . i buy both this ring and the onyx band and the onyx be much thinner and comfortable and you could forget you wear it . I feel the moonstone be there the entire time i have it on .
Jewelry	NEG	2	nice ring good quality piece feel heavy not flimsy , for the price , but it lose its shine and luster 3 day out the package .
Jewelry	NEG	1	real jade do not break by simply try to squeeze it on a finger ... I seriously doubt this item be genuine jade as the seller claim it to be .
Jewelry	POS	5	great look ring . I like thing that be different -- not the every day run of the mill . it be a fun ring !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be absolutely beautiful ! the stone and the ring be both flawless . it even arrive in a small , heart-shaped gift box with a bow on top which make it perfect for present to my wife on we anniversary . I could not be more pleased . thanks .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be so happy with this ring ! the actual ring look just like the image , except the stone be lighter than I expect it would be , but not a problem . it be still very beautiful . I love the setting ; it sit on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it look . the ring run a bit on the small side for I , so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	great product and fast service . would def order from they again . we want inexpensive ring that look plain but nice for everyday wear . very pleased with the ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be a beautiful ring . I would love to have it in 14k gold if I can find it . this ring could be wear with anything .
Jewelry	POS	5	its a great ring . it fit nicely and everything i have no problem with it at all . i lose it though which be my own fault , but im mention this to bring up the point that its not worth buy again . some thing be if you can afford it and this isnt it -lrb- unless you really like gorilla -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I have have this ring for a few week now and it be still very shiny . I would highly recommend this ring . very pretty and can easily pass as a real diamond , why waste money on a real one . size of stone be perfect not too big , not too small .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it be fun and it look nice . I get compliment about it every time I wear it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I originally order this for my girlfriend 's birthday but i be not able to wait that long . I open it up when it first arrive . at first i be unsatisfied since it have look cloudy . think I have fail I simply leave it by the window and go to workout . two hour later I be ready to pack it up and return it when I have actually notice the diamond be radiate and the coral itself make a impression on you . -lrb- I myself put it on since we have similar finger size -rrb- all I can say be , the reaction on she face be speechless . I be scared but then reassure as she leap to my arm . Woohoo ! oh yeah ! free gift , bracelet ? why not !
Jewelry	POS	5	'  irish friendship \/ Love Claddagh Ring in Sterling Silver size 6 , # 2601-6  delivery be prompt .
Jewelry	POS	4	my husband pick this ring out because he think it be cool that titanium be so strong . well , yes , but 6 year and too much pizza and it no longer fit he . that be he fault , but titanium 's strength be also it be weakness . you can not re-size it if you need to .
Jewelry	POS	4	order this as a temporary replacement for my actual engagement ring and to wear when I be out hike and do other stuff where lose my ring would not be cool . it be perfect and the price be perfect . most people do not even know that it be not the real thing .
Jewelry	POS	5	look just like the picture : big rock and shiny band . i just get it so hopefully it be last I a while because it be very cute & feminine . the rock be large but it be okay : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring only complaint be that it have get catch on my clothes and bent . I be pretty hard on ring though and it have not break yet . so , that to I show it be make durable .
Jewelry	POS	5	buy this for my teenager who like the vintage spoon ring but love this one even more and will not take it off ! non-adjustable but fit she finger perfectly so it be not a problem . very detail and quality .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring be not very durable . the `` sterling silver '' be very malleable . which lead I to believe it be not actual silver , but silver plate instead . the ring be pretty and I buy it to match my sister 's red garnet celtic cross necklace for she birthday , but the ring do not last more than a month .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be the 3rd ring I bring from gem , the stone itself be flawless , the band be very nice and its silver , the price be far below what I think they could charge , the very same ring in my town retail for 29.00 , they be sell it at a discount for 19.95 , gem charge 6.99 . . and there jewelery be beautiful . . there ring look far better then the photo make they out to appear . they have win my business on these level , PRICE , QUAILITY , SERVICE , thank you gem . . please keep my email and let I know of future product and sale !
Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this cheap ring -lrb- $ 14 include shipping -rrb- to try jewelry on amazon , and work perfect . my wife have this ring for over 3 year and it still shine like new . the Zirconia be a bit scratch , but for the price be excellent . just be careful with the size , accord to the chart my wife be 10 , but when she get the ring it be too big , she be a 9 . it be better to go to a jeweler to get the size .
Jewelry	POS	4	I give this ring to a friend from college . although I be slightly disappoint by how small the ring be , she have dainty hand and it fit perfectly . the stone be a beautiful deep red , and the silver work be intricate and well do .
Jewelry	POS	5	be more beautiful in person than picture . very happy and so be hubby when I give it to he . would definitely order from again .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a inexpensive ring that be well make . Perfect for a January birthday daughter who love all thing celtic !
Jewelry	POS	4	I really like this ring . it be very pretty and just the right size for I . the silver be very thin , however , and bend very easily . I put it on my middle finger , and when I take it off , it be bent out of shape . the good thing be that it be bent to mold to my finger and be very comfortable , even for be so wide .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be such a pretty little ring ! even on my small hand it do not overpower . I have even accidentally order one that be too big , but Taos call I and gladly trade it for a smaller one . I would gladly buy from they again !
Jewelry	POS	5	the only thing I do not like about the ring be that the stone be a bit too big for -lrb- for I -rrb- . I like the smaller stone and do not realize it would be this big . but ... it be a nice ring for the price . the cz look real .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have fall in love with this ring . absolutely gorgeous . a stunner . I get this in a size 7 and it fit perfectly . the pink topaz be so sparkly . the silver look expensive and match the pink so well . this ring look very high quality . I can not believe that I get this ring for such a low price . I think this be a fantastic value . I have not take this ring off since I get it this morning .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be more than I expect ! it be a wonderful piece . I have win it everyday since I get it and have have many compliment on it . people love try to figure out how to put it back together . the photo 's be great but it look better once you slip it on . a great product .
Jewelry	POS	5	great ring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : -rrb- love it get it on time can not ask for any thing more then at right ??????!!!! will order angain soon
Jewelry	POS	5	I like this ring very much , it be just a tadbit smaller than I expect . but it be good for the money .
Jewelry	POS	4	product be as describe , I be happy with the ring and play with it often . I do warn you its a bit larger on you finger then a normal ring . when it be first take out the spinner jam a little but with repeat use it spin just fine now . Hope this be able to help .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really like or i can say love my product which be a ring from this company it be very beautiful and pretty . the service here be incredible and what i really like about it be how well they parcel the product . they be awesome and i have they 100 percent for there service .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have have no problem call this ring one of my most beautiful silver insanity ring ever . the elliptical shaped stone be a glittering light periwinkle stone that dance with a inner fire . the silver band be sturdy and strong , yet dainty . the celtic design on the side add a very nice , signature silver insanity touch . very comfortable ; I forget it be on until someone give I yet another compliment ! the sizing be absolutely perfect , and I would recommend this ring to anyone . silver insanity be a dependable brand for all sort of ring . this ring be one of they best . it will not disappoint ! all this quality in one ring just blow I away ! it be totally worth the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very pretty piece , you must keep it clean however , or it lose it be beauty . I love it !
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be much smaller than it appear on the site . it be a beautiful pill box , but you can only fit about 4 round aspirin otherwise it will not close . -lrb- and do not even think about try to get gelcap or larger pill in there ! -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I want to buy a claddagh ring for my son - and come upon this ring . when it arrive , I really be in awe of just how beautiful it be ! it be a larger , more bold ring - definitely more masculine . this be a gorgeous gift for someone look to buy a quality piece of jewelry for someone they love . it be too bad that the ring will eventually be outgrow because my boy be only 12 . hopefully I can have it resize later or find another one that be this nice !
Jewelry	NEU	3	my son buy this ring for I via Amazon . it be nice but it be too small and too thin . it would be nice for a girl not for a adult woman .
Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . I order two jade ring and one of they break the second time I put it on . Jade 's not as durable as the other stone they offer . I recomm the agate one as more sturdy .
Jewelry	NEU	3	it be a decent product but the picture of it be a little deceive from what be actually deliver .
Jewelry	NEG	1	go to a local jewelery shop . ring sizing be not possible on line , and this company take zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong . it bring a significant amount of misery to what be a very special day for I .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring so that I would have something that would match a pair of earring I have . this ring be perfect . it shine beautifully and I do not think anyone but a jeweler would be able to tell the difference at first glance . I love my ring . I think it be perfect . I think the seller help make the experience a lot better . by far one of the best seller I have deal with on Amazon thus far . gorgeous gorgeous ring !!
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful and sooo sparkly . I love it ... a excellent ring for the price ... look much more expensive
Jewelry	POS	5	i receive the product in a timely manner after resolve a address issue the ring be beautiful and really stand up to the harshness of my job . I clean for a living and it really wear well .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I call Taos Trading in Jan. for the sizing of the ring , and they tell I they will call I in Feb. when they get more size 7 's in . it be now march , and i have not get any phone call . I be disappointed , i be look forward to buy the ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	lovely , flexible design on this . very nice price consider the price of silver now day . do not give it 5 star as the item seem to run a bit small . I have to go back and order a size up , which I never have to do unless the band be really very wide all around . I should have realize since there be no graduation to the band and it be the same size all around that this could be a problem if it be not exactly true to size . I have other band of this width where the size be not a issue , so I either get one just a bit off , or it do run small . otherwise great ring . I hope the next size up be not too big .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I receive this as a present , and be quite thrill . it be a quirky and fun ring , however I have small finger -lrb- size 5-6 -rrb- and when I try to adjust the ring by squeeze it to fit , it feel like the ring be go to snap . I recommend this ring , but feel that it be better suit for size 7 and larger , hence the lower rating .
Jewelry	POS	5	i have be look for a claddagh ring that suit my personal taste for quite a while . this one immediately jump out at I , unlike all the other style i have see . it be just the right balance between delicacy and strength . just be careful about size you finger properly .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I love the ring when I receive it . the silver stand up to constant wear without become misshapen . the problem I have be the garnet start to crack and break , and it be only from normal wear , not abuse . it look horrible now . I be very disappointed , since I have only have this ring 4 month .
Jewelry	POS	5	I find it to be exactly as describe only much more attractive in person . a great little ring that catch other eye make it a adorable conversation piece . great buy for the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring ! I love the color , size be perfect , I could not imagine anything better !
Jewelry	NEG	2	I have no trouble open this pillbox , but once I do I have two surprise . first , it be not polish on the inside . and worse , it have a price sticker on it mark $ 7.90 . deeper and better make be the Frank Lloyd Wirght pillbox for the same price I find on Amazon . although not sterling silver it be much nicer and appropriately price .
Jewelry	POS	4	although the pearl be of high quality , I find the size a lot smaller than I think . it almost be imbed in the setting ... unlike the photo where the pearl rise way above the setting ...
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a absolutely beautiful ring . Pic doesnt do it justice . arrive quickly . will be interested to see how it hold up . happy with purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	once I see this ring I just have to have it . its a awesome peice of jewerly , and im soo happy I find it . very sturdy , and tough , I even play vollyball with it on !
Jewelry	POS	4	the picture do not do the ring justice . it be much more beautiful in person . the only potential problem I see be that the band of the ring be somewhat thin . it might bend in the future , but I can not be sure . -lrb- note : the ring I order be a size 10 , so that might affect the thinness of the band -rrb- . but I love this ring - it be absolutely beautiful !
Jewelry	NEG	1	I be so excited about my ring purchase , until I receive it . it look even cheaper then I be afraid of , the stone be flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it look like it come from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
Jewelry	POS	5	Got this to wear on index finger , look great , especially for price . also get bracelet to match . look nice together , although bracelet stone a bit small for I .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this as a surprise gift . I be worry about the size , but it fit perfectly and he absolutely love it . I have not have experience with titanium ring , but after see how beautiful it look and feel , I would not mind ditch the classic gold band for a titanium one . if you be think about this product go for it , this ring be a nice , medium width band and look great . the only thing that bug I be the shipping , you could not pick what type of shipping you want , and it be $ 15 , which with a total of $ 125 be a hefty price for some .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring look very nice . be careful though , I have already get a scratch in the cz . it be not that noticable . the ring itself have not tarnish like another user say - of course , I do not wear it when do the dish or take a shower or anything . it be a nice costume ring that look great in the daytime or evening .
Jewelry	POS	5	I decide to write a review for this product as I have see many review for item by this seller that be fairly contradictory . I be a avid fan of sterling silver and personally own over 100 ring -lrb- purchase from various seller and artisan -rrb- . here be what I can tell you from my extensive experience : substantial sterling be expensive and shiny finish scratch no matter how careful you be . take that into account , I order this item with some trepidation - it seem to be awfully cheap for real sterling , and it be very shiny . the sterling be somewhat thin , however it be not as thin as I be expect it to be . it do not bend with normal usage . I even squeeze it onto a larger finger and then do some tug to get it back off and the ring do not bend . that be a decent thickness for the price . I also wear many ring at the same time and have not find my ring to have scratch the surface of this one -lrb- yet -rrb- . I have purchase ring from major retailer -lrb- when they be on sale they be about the same price as this -rrb- and the sterling be much flimsier and the surface easier to scratch . add to the fact that it be well-made -lrb- solid , the scrollwork be not stick out and the stone be not loose -rrb- , the detail charming , and the stone genuine , I can honestly say that I have NEVER FOUND A BETTER DEAL for a genuine sterling silver ring ! I love the ring so much that I have order several more and some other item from silver insanity . I be extremely satisfy with they product and find they price excellent -lrb- reasonable and appropriate -rrb- . these `` armor '' ring be a bit smaller than what some people may have be expect but that be why you should read the specification carefully and also the weight listing . I find that the 3 `` armor '' ring that I have purchase all reach to about 1 centimeter behind my middle knuckle -lrb- as in , do not go past my middle knuckle -rrb- . one note - the size seem a tad bit small - if you be a half size , order up ! Hope this help !
Jewelry	NEU	3	be there any way that I can get a moonstone ring from gem avenue ? I love moonstone but I like it real ! thanks you , I love how it look but it will not be as beautiful if it be faux material
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be beautiful and especial but be bigger than I think ... so it look heavy in my hand ... I would have appreciate more a size more delicate ... like it anyway ...
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be well worth the price ! I buy it as a pinky ring and it be just perfect .
Jewelry	POS	5	my dad get this ring for I , so he be let I write this review on he account . I love this ring ! the two picture of it on here do not do it justice . when I get it , it be nicely package in a little baggie inside a white cardboard box with foam , and it fit perfectly . everything be proportional -- no disturbingly large heart or deform hand , and the silver do not tarnish easily . however , it be fairly malleable and easy to scratch if you be not careful . I get a little scratch mark on the surface of the heart , and it be not really noticeable to anyone -lrb- except myself -rrb- but it still kind of bother I . even if I end up break it I 'll probably buy another of the same . : -rrb-
Jewelry	NEU	3	not what I expect . the stone be more on brown than actually a smokey color . the gold color of the ring be a bit gaudy . would not have order it if the description be closer to reality .
Jewelry	POS	5	my girlfriend have a limit on how much I can spend on gift for she , so I can not buy anything expensive . I want to give she something really nice but stay within the limit . this be the best look ring I have see for the price . I have be to place like Walmart and target , but this simply beat they in comparison when I be look for a sterling silver ring with a heart shape . the Cubic Zirconia look brilliant and shine beautifully . I give it to she today for we 1 year and she be very happy . she treasure it and it make we both feel good that if she do in fact lose it during sport or school , we can easily replace it and keep a smile on we face . I buy two ring in different size because I be not completely sure on the size of she finger . the first ring fit and the second ring do not . the ring look so good though , I decide to put it on a necklace to have around my neck so both I and my girlfriend can match even when we be not together .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be a instant success . my friend love it . it loook amazing . i only hope it be a genuine moonstone . no way of tell it .
Jewelry	POS	5	larger than anticipate but very nice . receive lot of compliment . high quality for the money .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I think this ring be beautiful , so my husband buy it for I . it come in a gold box without any instruction . I pull the tag off and the little piece of twine and end up with a three day mess . we read direction and watch video . finally , my husband 's uncle , Bobby Attaway , put it back together . I be have it sodered asap . I do not need jewelry puzzle to keep I occupy . I be a youth minister 's wife , I have a six year old , and I teach middle school . I have enough puzzle a day . my jewelry should be attractive and simple . I do love my ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	not exactly what I expect . the inner celtic knotwork actually be detach from the ring and spin . I find that the knotwork be poorly carve though only I would notice unless someone examine the ring closely . nice and shiney though and very inexpensive . would make a cheap good gift for other .
Jewelry	POS	4	the only con to this ring be that the prong be a little miss align . and other be some small scratch next to mount . pro - .925 and it seem like a good sturdy ring , and the cz be clear and exceed expectation
Jewelry	POS	5	when I get this ring yesterday , I be so happy . the heart and the stone in it be just the right size -lrb- not too big or too small -rrb- , and it look much more expensive than it be . it be just beautiful .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . my wedding band be gold but I wear a lot of silver jewelry and want something to match without spend a fortune . this be perfect . it match my wedding ring and be absolutely beautiful . Super product , super price and super fast shipping . I could not be any happier .
Jewelry	POS	5	one of my co-worker have this ring from Tiffany 's . I love it so much , but be not ready to spend $ 250 on it . instead , I find this ring from Eve 's Addication . the ring size guide make it easy to determine , which size to select . the ring come in a small blue velvet bag and matching box . it be .925 sterling silver , which be the same quality of Tiffany jewelry . the back be hollow so it be not solid , which do not bother I because no one ever see it . I actually compare my ring to my co-worker 's and you could not tell much difference ! Eves Addiction also include a pair of cz princess cut earring since my purchase be more than $ 75 and I receive free shipping . this be the best $ 32 I have spend !
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring for myself , and I get so many comment on it when I wear it ! it be so pretty and dazzling and bright on you finger . . you will love this ring !!
Jewelry	POS	5	it look just like the one in the movie ! absolutely beautiful ! I wear mine almost every day . I get so many compliment ! it be not too big or too small . I havent have a bit of problem with it and I be so glad I purchase this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	buy the ring for my girlfriend ! I give it 2 she easter day !! I put the ring inside of a egg and give it 2 she !! she love it !! = d very pleased !
Jewelry	POS	5	it be a bit big for the finger I want to wear it on , but that the only bad part of order jewelry online . you cant try it on . I could send it back , but why ? with such a awesome ring , I really do not care if it fit snuggly or not . wear it on a finger that fit the best . great ring . beautiful shine . Discreet enough to not draw attention to the skull imprint . definitely a great buy if it i really retail at 3 figure .
Jewelry	POS	5	i like this ring . the super polish on it make the tiger eye really stand out and move around . because of the design of the setting , this ring do sit a little sideways on you finger . i happen to like the look . it be different . very good value .
Jewelry	NEG	1	these be not size correctly . I order two different size , both ring be the same circumferance and both too small to fit .
Jewelry	NEG	1	cheap material . not durable at all . vend machine quality not worth the price .
Jewelry	POS	5	buy it for my gf , it be look great and fit well . it be very good quality silver !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring -- I never take it off . it be beautiful , and fit like a charm . Great buy !
Jewelry	NEG	1	I think I could wear this ring to save some wear and tear on my diamond but no way would I have order it if I would have know it be so cheap . the stone look plastic and the silver look fake especially around the setting -- look like it come from a bubble gum machine . worst of all the setting be not as depict in the picture it be a four prong not six . do not waste you time , this thing be go back no matter the cost to I just to make the point .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy one of these ring for my husband as a engagement ring . -lrb- I ask he , I figure it be only fair . -rrb- after four year together he still be very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it . while the strength of the tension have hold the stone perfectly the garnet have chip in 3 place . my husband do not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff . he job be a software programmer and he never work on car or other type activity that be rough on jewelery . we will most likely not replace he current ring with the same kind .
Jewelry	POS	5	these come in the most beautiful packaging , I can not wait to give they to my kid . I just get marry and I have 2 kid , these be go to be they `` wedding band '' !! I can not think of a more precious gift !
Jewelry	NEG	1	I know this ring be cheap , but garnet be common stone and that decrease they value . I buy this ring around Christmas and it recently snap in two . I do not know sterling silver could break like that . I do not reccommend this product as it be not worth anyone 's money .
Jewelry	POS	5	it really be Awsome , especially for `` synthetic '' material . true to fit , very smooth wear . look great in daylight , color really play in the moonlight . I love to wear this piece even to bed .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be great for the price . most of my ring be silver , so i buy because it be inexpnesive . I love it . I have get so many compliment . I definity recomm buy it .
Jewelry	POS	5	very fast shipping and come in a nice little bag . good heavy ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	my si want this because she be into this ` butterfly ' phase . it be exactly the way you see it . for the price it be a excellent gift for a sibling , as a friendship ring and for young loved one . or just for yourself as a everyday ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this piece for myself , but I think it would make a great gift for any girl . the light really play off the stone and make it sparkle and the silver really shine . should be in any girl 's jewelry collection . great deal as far as price go . jewelry do not have to be expensive to look classic . : - -rrb- enjoy lady ! note to buyer : this be a rhodium finish ring . steam clean when need , no silver cleaner or polish !
Jewelry	POS	4	love this ring ! I buy it with the skeleton hand ring and this one be just as awesome . it be big so if you like dainty this be not the ring for you . probably more direct towards man , but I love it . it be very unique and take I a while to find anything like it . this be the only place I find a ring like it .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be satisfy with the ring , but for some reason I think it would be a little bigger . it have nice gem , and be really a nice quality ring . Wish Amazon would model they ring on hand model so that one would have some idea of the size of the ring , especially when there be no carat weight list .
Jewelry	POS	4	well , the say be , you get what you pay for . I think this be worth the price . the stone be bluer in the picture , and seem to have fade a little -lrb- or maybe it be my imagination -rrb- , but they be very sparkly and pretty . the size I order be 5 , and it come in about 5.5 or 5.75 , which suck , but I have work it out . -lrb- I wear it with another ring on the finger I order it for . -rrb- the band seem a little wavy , like , uneven ... it do not sit flat on a table , but my finger be wear it , not a table ! I would give it five star but for the size problem , which really could be a problem . otherwise , it be a good ring for the price !
Jewelry	NEU	3	when I recieve my ring I be in love with it . but not even a week later I slip my ring on and it break ! I know it be not because of it be to small because I order it a size bigger than what I wear . now I be the proud owner of a broken moonstone ring . my friend be go to super glue it back together for I , but it wont be the same . I be very sad that my ring break .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great product for a great price ! my girlfriend -lrb- fiancee !! -rrb- do not know it be not a real diamond - we agree that cz would be fine anyway as it be just a symbol , and she be work in jewelry before and even she could not tell the difference !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a beautiful ring . I wear it for 5 day & get lot of compliment . however , on the 5th day i look down & the cubic zirconium stone be miss . I wonder , after I get it , if I should have have it tighten . I do not and now I have a silver band miss the stone .
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring . fast delivery - I be very satisfied with this product and the delivery . I love ` silver insanity ' !
Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be much smaller than what it appear like in the photo . the photo give the impression that the pearl be large and slightly raise . the `` pearl '' in the ring I get be actualy set flat in to the ring and it look like cheap mother of pearl , nothing like in the photo . also the band of the ring be very thin . overall I be very disapointed and I rarely wear the ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very simple and beautiful ring . will use on those day travel when I do not want to risk loose or have a expensive diamond ring steal . good replacement
Jewelry	POS	4	I think this be nice look . it be a gift for my 17-yr-old niece , and she must really like it since she lose the original and want the exact same one as a replacement .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring !!! it be light , delicate and feminine as they get . I have get another claddaugh ring here on Amazon , but it be soooo big and clunky that I have to return it . I be all about wear feminine jewelry and this ring be just exactly what I be look for . it be sturdy yet so very , very feminine at the same time . when you look at it on the hand , you know it be a lady ' ring !!! the only thing I wish all the silversmith would do be to make ring by .5 , like 6.5 , 7.5 etc. . six be a little too tight , but a seven be too loose for my liking and loose ring drive I nutz .
Jewelry	POS	4	Youtube the solution !!!!!! there be a video that be less then 1 minute long and very simple . I spend 2 hour try to solve the ring with the instruction in the first review ... I solve it on my first try after watch the youtube video .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the picture be not a accurate representation of this ring . the picture depict a ring of soft , butter-y coral hue , when in actuality , it be a brash , carnival orange . it be not even worth my time to return it - so it will sit in my jewelry case as a reminder to be careful and ask question !
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a cool spoon ring -- it be unique -lrb- in a good way -rrb- . I buy it for my best friend for Christmas ... hope she like it . the sizing be a little small , just FYI . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful piece , receive way before estimate date which hardly happen living in a rural area of Maine . it be not too large , it be perfect size and be beautifully craft and polish . its stunning and fit and feel like a dream . SUPER excite about my new purchase , and would recommend for friend and family - oh yeah - and you can not beat the price ! I have spend way more on piece that do not make the cut - but this one , due to its size and fit be worth twice as much as I buy it for -lrb- to I anyway -rrb- LOVE LOVE LOVE IT can not say enough good thing , and will be sure to shop silver insanity again !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter , who be very petite . I think I order a size 5 but receive a size 10 . OMG be my first reaction but then a dear dear friend come to mind and it be perfect . she be a bigger girl , 5ft . 10 in . and the ring look beautiful and she be thrill .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be one of my favorite now . it be great quality for a great price .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this be a unique piece and I do enjoy it immensely . good weight , very interesting cut stone . my only problem be the ring sit too high for my liking . if you like this kind of thing then this ring be for you . I believe the store even carry it in other color ... well worth a look-see .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for myself but my daughter like it so much I end up give it to she and buy myself another one . she be still wear it more than a year later and it still look great . it need little cleaning and stay look bright and shiny all the time . very durable and pretty .
Jewelry	POS	5	this item unfortunatley do not fit but I love the ring so much and the packaging I order myself another one and keep this on to give away ! I will be purchase from this vendor again and again
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring isnt very durable . the gem feel loose and the metal isnt very solid . it look good but the quality isnt there . Great for a highschooler or a cheap promise ring . my girlfriend like it though . but really its the thought that count !
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be very sparkely , however the purple color be not nearly as deep and rich look as the picture . it be very light , almost a lavender , and do not really look Amethyst at all . I do not believe this be the seller 's fault - and be very happy with other item I order from they and the speed of delivery .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be amazing . I buy it for my girlfriend 's birthday gift with the match necklace and earring , and she love they . look really good ! great Quality , she get comment about it all the time . only thing , my girlfriend be a size 7 ring , and I buy she a size 8 and it fit perfectly , so you might want to go a size bigger with this ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	order as a costume jewelry piece . the quality match the low price . the picture look better than the actual product . the size be marked 10 but measure only 8.5 . I order it big so I just wear it on a different finger . I like it for the price I pay .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be very satisfy , with this product . the ring look the as it be show online . I get it a couple of day later which I appreciate . kudos for that .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this product , I have get this for my girlfriend as one of we anniversary present since she be somewhat into ring , when I show it to she , she love it . its be about 6-7 month since I give it to she , and it be still in perfect condition , she tell I it never leave any stain on she finger at all . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who want to give this as a gift , they will love it -lrb- :
Jewelry	POS	5	I must truly say that this piece of jewelry be much better to view in person than online . truly a amazing piece .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be not sure how the ring would look . the picture be ok , but could have give more detail . I find the ring pretty and I have recieve great review for the ring . other think it be a real turquoise ring . I do not correct they . I plan on purchase more ring as long as my size be available .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful !! it fit perfectly and it be very light . I love it ! it take a while for I to get the ring , but it be worth it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my boyfriend . the size chart be exactly correct . the ring be beautiful when it arrive and he love it . since im dead break , this ring be super affordable . its be a couple of week since he be have it and its a little less shiny , but all you have to do be rinse it with some water and wipe it with a cotten towel and its shiny like new .
Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this ring for my mother , who have be look for one like it for some time . she love it . she be very happy with the set-in stone , and it have so far maintain a lovely luster .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have this ring with the topaz also and both they stone be not real , but I still love they ! the color be soft and pretty . they be both too big , but whatever . love 'em anyway !
Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . the turquoise one I order be too small , I 'll have to give it to my niece .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be beautiful but it be not as wide as i think it be go to be . I wear it a few time a week and i always get compliment on it . the picture do not do it justice .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my husband for every day use . the quality be good and the shipping also be fast . I be satisfy with my purchase .
Jewelry	NEG	2	obviously this be not a high quality product . I wear it for less than a day and it turn my finger green . I do not have any kind of allergy and I have never have this problem with my ring before . I be really disappointed because I like the way this ring look and I love the design but now I have a ring I really can not wear . I will not be recommend this product to anyone .
Jewelry	POS	4	Pretty ring , but I think I 'll give it to my daughter when she get a little older look more like a child ring . be a great gift for a teen or a 10 year old
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be exactly what I want . it be in excellent condition and be deliver very quickly . thanks
Jewelry	POS	4	this be the second one i buy for my boyfriend its a nice ring but still do not fit will have to try to buy he a bigger size but hey ill have the same ring now too because the first one i order do not fit he but it do I : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be very pretty when you get it . however , be curious , I of course take it apart . therefore , it stand to reason , with no direction I be not able to put it back together for the rest of the night . however , when I try the next day by hold the outside frame of the ring , I do accomplish it without direction . it be very tricky though . the one negative be that when you take it apart , the inside be not very pretty . the outside be silver , but the inside be unfinished and dull . I just think it make that look a little cheap , although you can only tell when you take it apart . Mine also do not simply fall apart , but it be loose -- but that make sense because the ring be mean to come apart !
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be even more beautiful and distinguished look than its picture . be forewarn -- titanium CAN NOT be size , so it be imperative that you get size at a jeweler to make a accurate selection . seller also ship item sooner than anticipate . highly recommend !
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a fun item to own , I spend 2 day try to get it solid again and have to look up the solutionon the internet . I think a solution should be include with the item .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a nice ss band . very sturdy , not too thin and flimsy . I be very happy with this purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	it be great ring . i be not expect that good ring in that price . it be great ring with clear stone . i would recommend that to every one . it can be really good friendship ring or you can give it to you girlfriend if you can not afford fancy and expensive diamond . also seller be great we can trust they . shipment be on time and in great condition .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I like this item for about a month . then it start to tarnish on the silver . I use silver cleaner and a few other product , but I could not get it clean . I end up toss it . glad I do not pay that much for it .
Jewelry	POS	4	First of all the speed of arrival be excellent as be the condition of the product . the main problem I have be that ring spike require a larger ring size and I do not know it at the time so I have to wear it on another finger
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my mother who collect elephant . it be hard to find a elephant ring in the store but much easier to find one online especially for Christmas . this ring be well-made and do not look cheap . it look more expensive than the price Palm Beach jewelry be charge . it be a tutone ring make of 14k gold electroplate . I believe the tag on the ring say make in Thailand . to clean make sure you use a soft brush and warm soapy water . ultrasonic cleaner may be use . the shipping from Palm Beach jewelry be quick and delivery time make it before Christmas . I would recommend this item and this company to anyone want to purchase jewelry online .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be bulky and do not fit correctly . be not make well , very large , size 12 or 13 .
Jewelry	POS	5	one of the simplest but very elegant look black Onyx Rings I have see in a long time . it look so cute worn on the index finger . nice ring for the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a promise ring . she love it . and the Box . it be awesome . Wooooo !
Jewelry	POS	5	I absolutely love this ring . I always wear sterling silver jewelry and this ring match with it perfectly .
Jewelry	NEU	3	nice ... but once you have adjust I would highly recommend to bring it to a jeweler and have it solder . make a structurally stronger ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring as a present . great communication with seller , fast service , but more importantly - it be beautiful !! so much nicer than photo show . the accent around the pearl just set off the color and finish . look as though it cost 5 time more than I pay . outstanding ring that I love and will love give away . I will definitely be back to purchase more from this company .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy several piece to match my Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Red Garnet Ring . I get a beautiful matching bracelet with the Red Garnet , and a pair of match celtic Knot Red Garnet earring ! I also get a sterling silver celtic knot bracelet . I absolutely love they all ! great to do business with you ! thanks , candy : - -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	a really nice ring , it be really good and with a good price
Jewelry	NEG	2	I be tell that the wide of this ring be 3\/8 '' and be 1\/4 '' I realize about that until I receive it . I do not get what I want . the ring its ok .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love the ring-it be give to I by my parent as a Christmas gift ! fit perfectly and lovely heart design on it-the only problem be that it turn my finger `` green '' -lrb- I do not know why this be happen when it have 925 stamp on it , indicate that it be real sterling silver -rrb- , but I love it anyway .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring from silver insanity be ship uber fast ! it come in the condition as show , although the garnet be a little more brown red than the stone picture . so , of course , stone quality vary . it be sturdy and not chinzy feeling . I would feel confident purchasing from they again , and my gift recipient will love it .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be ship very quickly and the ring be great . I know where to go for jewlery next time .
Jewelry	NEU	3	with the low price of this ring , I know I be take a gamble . but , much to my surprise it look better in person . nice , not a overly costume piece . too bad it seem to run a half size bigger than the true ring sie . I have small finger to start with though , so it be hard to find a good fit . I give it to my mom-in-la and she love it .
Jewelry	POS	5	ship be fast ! the ring size fit perfectly , the price be good , and the ring be just gorgeous . I agree with other that this design be one of the better Claddagh ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	ring arrive on time and look like it be picture . just be aware of the return policy . only 10 day to get a refund and a 35 % restock fee . combine with fedex cost to Canada , it be almost not worth send back for a exchange or refund . again , the ring arrive on time and as present , so overall they do a good job . would just like to see a more relax online return policy for a $ 70 ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy 2 of these ring for I and my best friend . i get a size 7 , and it fit nicely around my ring finger . i wear it everyday , no green hand for I : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	if you wear silver as I do , then a pewter ring look odd on you finger , as it be dull gray and not shiny whatsoever . this ring fit well and look fine , but the finish be dull and the ring be super heavy ! I have receive compliment on it though , and I like it , but you definitely know you have it on !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my girlfriend for we anniversary . i be a little hesitant at first because sterling silver have a habit become a bit tarnish over time . the ring as i receive it be superb quality , really shiny and durable . she say that she like it and I be pleased with my purchase . there be no distinguishable flaw just as of yet and i hope it say that way .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring arrive very fast and it be exactly what I order ! thank you very much !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! I originally find it when I be reordering another vine ring from silver insanity . my boyfriend 's mom give I the vine and leave ring which I also love , and I wear it at work too much -lrb- I be a waitress -rrb- and a piece break off . I go to amazon to order a replacement and find this ring . I end up order both ring . I love this one because I can wear it at work and it have only catch on thing a few time , and it be pretty easy to bend it right back into shape . the price be unbeatable and the quality of the ring be better than I expect . I have have so many complement on it , that I be go to order the match earing !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be evrythe I think it would be and more I love it . I get it to stack with another ring and look as if they be buy as a set 2 tumb up . quailty be a 2 tumb up also .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring and be skeptical , but I have be prove wrong , it be last really well , and I get compliment all the time . it be a great every day ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	my husband buy I this ring for Christmas , but show it to I early . he have order a size 8 , which be what the receipt state , however the ring send be a size 5 . be so close to Christmas , he do not want to send it back , so now I be stick with a ring 3 size too small ! it be a lovely ring ... I just will not ever get to wear it , because the person pack the order be not pay attention to the size clearly mark on the receipt !
Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring its gorgeous and i can wear it everywhere and with anything ... it doesnt catch on the pocket of my jeans and i like that a whole lot ! ... i miss wear the ring my ex give I so i want a new one and this be just fantastic !!
Jewelry	NEG	1	I have never write a review for any item that I have purchase at AMAZON , but this be so ugly and cheap look . it doesnt even look like a heart , but rather like a pear shape . it look very cheap like a 25cents toy . I want a refund .
Jewelry	NEG	2	it look like it come out of a grocery store gumball machine . I know that it be only $ 16 , but I guess I be expect a bit more . the prong be off kilter and the band look really flimsy .
Jewelry	NEG	2	when I receive this ring , I be not happy because its box look very cheap . I be not stun by the ring , it look simple . but it do not really look fake at first glance . the stone though get loose . and the polishing be not good !
Jewelry	POS	5	delivery be prompt . size be accurate . design be smooth and comfortable . item be as show on site . anyone order this item will enjoy it !
Jewelry	POS	5	I have order the same ring previously about a year ago , but manage to lose it one day . I like the ring so much , though , that I come back and order a new one because I could not find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price . I love this ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful , a little too big . that be my fault . still sparkling ! I love it !
Jewelry	POS	4	very nice ring for my 11 year old . great construction . I personally do not believe that stainless steel should have cost more than $ -lrb- ... -rrb- , but I could not find ring in my son 's size anywhere else .
Jewelry	POS	5	this little beauty have fire and sparkle . lovely blue color , bright pure setting . absolutely love this ring . nice size to wear alone or stack with other ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be very pretty and not bulky . I love it . I be go to buy more for gift .
Jewelry	POS	4	its way prettier in person . although the silver do tarnish , all silver do that . so if you be picky about that just think : `` do i want a ring that tarnish or one that turne my finger green ? '' my only issue with this ring be that it easily snag when i try to put my hand in my pocket .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be better in real life than the picture , but you still get what you pay for .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a nice little ring to wear every day . it fit nicely and be very attractive . Terrific for the price .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring be my wedding ring and i could not be happier with it . I want a cz ring because i dont want to buy diamond . -lrb- a horible industry i wont give my money to ! -rrb- so i want a alternative . this ring be very underrated and elegant . it be perfect by itself , i try it with a band but that be too much . I would recommend this ring to those who be look for a inexpensive , and socially conscience alternative to diamond . update from 2009 , stone fall out after about a month .
Jewelry	NEG	1	the stone fall out one day after own this ring , it be very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than be ship , but i can not find the stone . oh i guess i will not be shop here anymore
Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this ring as a purity ring and I really do like it , I have be wear it everyday , I never take it off . it do tarnish a little and be not sparkling clean ... but that may be due to the fact that i do not shine it ?
Jewelry	POS	5	I be a elephant fanatic and , when browse amazon for other elephant related item , excitedly come across this gem . I do not typically buy myself ring as I tend to lose they no matter how hard I try not to . but this have not leave my finger since I receive it in the mail just a few day after order . it be a beautiful ring and I absolutely adore it . also , within the package , I receive a free gifted shell necklace and polish cloth along with the Palm Beach jewelry catalog and be definitely go to order from they again because I be more than pleased !
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my girlfriend and can not wait to give this to she . I receive it alot faster than excepted and be amaze at the clarity of the stone . very impress with the quality for the money .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the shiping be great it do not take long , but the ring quality leave much to be desire . the hinge be weak both the first one on the right side and the last one break ... you could see that there be not much material hold it together in the first place ... but the rest of the hinge hold .
Jewelry	POS	4	she literally think it be a real diamond ring ! it look amazing ! the ring look as if it could be a $ 150 diamond ring , when it be actually a cz $ 15 one ! she love it , very happy with order . it be a little big , so order a half size down .
Jewelry	POS	4	for the money that I pay for it , I be not disappoint . it be a very nice ring , but you can def see that it be not a real diamond , which be fine by I . I be hope it look a little more real , but it be good enough for I . a nice gift to give someone just to say you love they .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring because I be pregnant and my wedding ring no longer fit . it be comfortable , look great and I love have a ring to wear when I go out !
Jewelry	POS	4	it be a great ring for the price , do not seem real , but be a good synthetic .
Jewelry	POS	5	order it for my girlfriend . it come quickly and be very pretty compare to other claddagh ring I have see . everything be just in perfect proportion to each other . the shine have fade a bit since I get it three month ago ... but it be still love . EDIT : my girlfriend at the time end up get one for I as well -lrb- we be both female -rrb- . we be not together anymore , but it be be year and it still look great . I wear it very often . the only thing that show poor quality be that the band have kind of bent into a oval shape -lrb- I guess to form-fit to my finger -rrb- . it be very comfortable and well worth the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive this ring and it exceed my expectation . just a beautiful and well craft ring . excellent quality .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I want a pink ring , and for the price , I could not argue with this . it be a nice ring , it be pretty and it fit well . I immediately think when I take it out of the box that it be plastic and not metal . I can not really attest to the quality of the band , and I do not have a problem with metal so I can not tell you there either . the stone be a clear light pink and it be pretty . I would not call it really sparkly . it have a nice , clear look , but it do not have a ton of sparkle . but . . what do you want for $ 8 ? I be not head over heel , but I be not disappointed either . it be nice for the cost . if you want something cheap for everyday use , or something for a younger girl that will look pretty but be cheap , this be a good choice . definitely classier than what you find for the same price at a big-box store . -lrb- Update -rrb- the ring be cute , but be careful with it . I be not sure what happen to mine , but I come upon it one day totally crushed and bent , and unable to be fix . the metal be just that thin and cheap that it can easily be bent out of shape . I have never have that happen before to a ring . I 'll be replace it with a different pink ring . lower from 4 star to 3 .
Jewelry	NEG	1	I be sorry to find it look cheap . the gold be not a nice color , the gem stone much smaller than I expect . I send it back .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be even better in person . very nice product , and very fast efficient delivery and exchange .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I be not as pleased as I would hope to be when my ring come . smaller then expect and stone smaller also . the shipping be very fast and company attitude be wonderful .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring look great when i first look at it , but upon closer inspection , there be clearly a mistake make when soldering the ring together . there be a large silver blob on the ring . also , the ring do not spin properly . it would spin in one direction when use a great amount of force and would not spin in the other direction at all . on a positive side , the return process be quite simple and my refund be credit to my card quickly .
Jewelry	NEU	3	love the heart ring . it look very elegant . no one can tell its a fake . . sshhh . . and everyone ask '' when be you get marry ? '' the silver keep its shine . the stone need to be polish up and clean in the back once in awhile . BUT its beautiful . I have my eye on the pink heart ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I alwasy think a ring on the thumb would be bind . but this one be perfect . you do not even know it be there .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring be absolutely gorgeous . my husband buy it for I for Christmas , but by the first week of January I have already lose two stone -lrb- and that be with only wear it a couple of time -rrb- . either it be really delicate or not make very well . but nevertheless , it be a really pretty ring , and if you do not bang it around too much it should continue to look great .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be so hard to find this style in gold ! the ring be beautiful and of good quality .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be hollow out , and therefore not as comfortable as a ring that be not . I only wear it a few time and give it to charity .
Jewelry	POS	5	it almost glow its multus color change in direct of light , , , beautiful ring !!! 1st day worn get SOOO many complient on it , , and the price be not bad either ... ... .
Jewelry	NEG	2	so it shine a little but so many imperfection the metal band be cheap disformed and tarnish within a hour of wear it , i think simply cuz its cheap metal and get wet . the heart doesnt look allot like a heart untill you get close up . cute if its gunna be a play ring or for a yooung teen . as far as wear this thing im ashamed : -lrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	the review really make my decision easy . my boyfriend have be want a claddagh for a while now , so I take the holiday as a opportunity to get he one . I compare price and quality a good ammount and this seem to be the best option . it get a little close to Christmas even though I order it Nov 25th . I be worry since the tracking info be not update further than `` ship '' . I call UPS , USPS , and even email something silver . UPS and USPS be really no help at all , but the reply from something silver seem geniune and they really want to make sure I get what I pay for . the ring come a day later and I be very relieved . its really beautiful and my boyfriend love it .
Jewelry	NEU	3	excellent product . i love the look of the dead , decaying bird scull but im unhappy of the shipping time . for some reason shipping from Las Vegas Nevada -lrb- where its ship from -rrb- to South Lake Tahoe , California -lrb- destination -rrb- take longer than a item come from Indiana . and I order the Indiana product a day later than this product .
Jewelry	NEG	1	nice ring of course or I would not have buy it ... but it be way overprice . wow ... way over price for the quality
Jewelry	POS	4	the delivery be fast and I have no problem . the only problem I have with the ring itself be that instead of be red garnet it look to be Topaz .
Jewelry	POS	5	this vendor be amazing ! beautiful jewelry , excellent communication and fast shipping ! I love this ring !
Jewelry	NEU	3	have to send it back , but if they have it in my size i would love it
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be lovely when I first receive it , even if the `` garnet '' be orange . this ring be give to I as a promise ring and I wear it every day but I be not rough with it . even though I be gentle , this ring be misshapen and need to be replace within two month . I would not recommend waste money if this ring will mean something to you , but for a little while it make a nice stand-in .
Jewelry	NEG	1	the stone on the ring be really pretty and big which i like because I have big hand , but the gold-plating be way to bright and yellowish . the gold plate look so fake . I have the earring of this same stone and they be beautiful and the gold look so real . not happy with this ring at all . also when I order it , I never receive a receipt with it , so I can not return it .
Jewelry	POS	5	I really like the celtic knot on the side of this ring and the garnet really stand out . very well make .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love it ! the quality be excellent . I wear it everyday and it still look great .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be suppose to have three point of articulation . it do not . it be a rigid ring . if one be to move it as other armor ring do , the joint would tear apart . when the seller state it be solid pewter , that appear to refer to the lack of any ability to flex the ring . it do look nice and be unique , so I give it two star for appearance .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this for my daughter 's birthday . it be a deep purple with stunning cz 's and silverwork . she love the ring and so do i. it look better than the picture . it do not look cheap and I would not mind have one myself . I do believe it would be too large for a smaller hand . Perfect for medium to larger hand . Eve 's addiction be a great company for jewelry . I like they product and they be reasonable . I like they price and they provide fast shipping and velvet bag and nice box . I recommend they and this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my boyfriend , and he absolutely love it ! it be a bit thicker than either of we think it would be , but look at the picture of the ring now I can see I should have know . the dragon be large enough to be see -lrb- I be a bit worried about that -rrb- , and it be very clear . he wear it every day = -rrb- I would definitely buy from this seller again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive this ring in a timely manner . the ring be very detail in its design . I have be compliment on the look and unique look . definetly would recommend this .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . make well and fill grat on my finger . I would recomend this ring to anybody look for a non-flashy but badass skull ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	i only give this four star because the horn catch on everything . the ring be very attractive and bright . it be a heavy ring . I be able to bend the horn into a position so that they dont catch on everything . nice ring
Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring be over price first be not like in the picture one stone be miss and i just open the box really cheap make this be go back for sure
Jewelry	NEU	3	in 2010 everyone should be use grade a cz 's for these type of fake ring ... . i have all kind of fake cz jewelry and this ring obviously look fake . there be some great grade a cz ring on ebay if you guy want something that truly sparkle like the real thing ... i put this ring next to one of those and it do not even come close ... . . it be a nice little ring , but you can get better for less money ... if you know anything about diamond this one obviously look fake and be less brilliant than the picture show
Jewelry	POS	5	I just get my ring and I be really impressed with it . I have search for a Marquise style ring set , but they be either way to expensive or look fake . this ring look real and people can not tell the difference . my friend think that I hit the lottery or something ! the center stone be about 2 ct , but the setting make the whole set believable .
Jewelry	POS	5	great craftsmanship ! we daughter have be want one of these ring ever since she first see it on Buffy . and she love it ! she also have the match necklace . thanks !
Jewelry	POS	5	nice ring . arrive in nice sturdy package in a timly manner . would recommend this company to anyone .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring . this be a nice heavy ring , it spin nicely & be really cute , well worth the money . I think mine be a 2nd as some of the foot be `` smear '' but I do not care & keep it rather than contact the company . I have have a lot of complament on it .
Jewelry	POS	5	not long ago , a friend give I a smoky topaz brooch . after receive many compliment I decide to look for some piece to give myself a complete set . when I find this emerald cut ring I think it would be the perfect addition . I also order matching earring  14k Yellow Gold 7x5mm Emerald Cut Smoky Quartz Stud Earrings  the ring be perfect and the sizing be correct . it go equally well with my winter and summer wardrobe . the size make it perfect for daytime\/work wear as it be big enough for notice without be too flashy . since the color be not too dark , it can be worn well with a variety of color and style of clothing . I have be very happy with it and highly recommend it to anyone look for a versatile piece .
Jewelry	POS	4	it be a beautiful ring , i do believe it be synthetic in its make-up . but do not let that deter you from purchase it , under the right condition it have the aurora borlia effect . the ring be very beautiful and i give it as a gift , but like all the other review : it be FRAGILE . it break after about 2 hour because of a small mishap . good buy though at this price .
Jewelry	POS	4	I would have like it so much better if it be princess cut instead of round . it be a beautiful ring and I wear everyday .
Jewelry	POS	5	wonderful product , recieve it promply without any problem . arrive properly package and in great condition . 5 star .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be absolutely gorgeous . it be suppose to be deliver between Thursday and Tuesday - it arrive Wednesday , a day early , safely package . : -rrb- the ring seem durable , and be absolutely beautiful . definitely not too large for a woman , it seem feminine and sweet . I be so excited to wear it every day . if you be go for a claddagh ring at a decent price , this be definitely the one .
Jewelry	POS	5	I could not have be more pleased with my experience with buy these ring . it be easy and convenient to order , and my shipment arrive so quickly that I be stunned . I be a very satisfied customer .
Jewelry	POS	5	very pretty ring and awesome service . it be so pretty i just buy another one : -rrb- the ring look like its worth more than $ 10.99 , it could almost pass for a real ring , especially if you dont analyze it , and honestly who sit there and analysis you ring besides you best friend ? I buy this to go on a vacation to Mexico and not have to bring my real Tiffany 's ring and i be very please with my choice , look just like my ring . I be a little nervous about not get in time since there be a time frame of such date-such date , but the seller deliver as promise the first date that show on the time frame , i be a happy camper : -rrb- thank you !
Jewelry	POS	5	such a pretty ring ! I would order a size up ... or at least a half a size up . because it be stone there be not much leeway . but it be a really gorgeous ring ... I love how the natural color weave together . and the little box it come in be super cute !
Jewelry	NEU	3	Color I receive be not green , honey and gold amber . I get green , honey and cream\/clear amber . like the size of the ring . I have small hand but like good size ring . this one be visually noticeable and be quite pretty so I be keep it . however , this ring be rather cheaply make . the ring be a simple thin silver circle with the amber teardrop set on top . no design or heft to the band itself . the teardrop be attractive in shape and size . but like other reviewer , I wish the teardrop hug the shap of the finger . the three teardrop be connect in a flat manner and would not allow adjustment to curve downward . ring would be great if it have slight curved shape . I order this with match teardrop shape tri-color earring from same company  certified genuine multicolor Amber Sterling Silver Pandora Dreams Leverback Earrings  ship be fast , well pack .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this be a super cute ring . I have get many compliment . it be FRAGILE . I see the review that this be a fragile piece , but I still want it . I wear it for about a week or so before I crack it . I hit my hand on something as I be walk by and it crack through . the ring be still in tact for now , but it be a shame as it be a beautiful piece . if you buy this be very careful with it .
Jewelry	POS	4	my husband and I purchase this ring as he wedding band . my husband spend a very long time pick out this ring and he still love it after 5 year . we purchase the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon . they be wonderful to work with and I will keep they in mind for my future jewelry purchase . the ring be very unique and many people comment on it . the setting be very square on the side so it do sometimes catch on thing or scratch thing if my husband be not pay attention , but this be something we expect due to the shape of the band . we have be very satisfy with the purchase of this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I would like to note the heart be a darker red than picture . after a day of wear and tear at work there be some scratch , as I expect would happen . the heart come in perfect shape . I have no complaint . Worth the price and then some . very cute .
Jewelry	POS	4	this moonstone ring look great , but be kind of bulky . I do not wear it all the time , but when I do , I can not stop play with it in the light . this be a fun ring for a great price .
Jewelry	NEU	3	look slightly lesser quality than the picture , but it do what it be mean to . I be fine with my purchase .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring come in a cute little present ring box . the band be shiny and the diamond be sparkly . however , when you look closely at the prong , it look a little flimsy . however , overall it look nice .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring arrive in a pretty box and it be more than what I be hope for ! it arrive to my house very quickly . thank you !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring be beautiful when I first purchase it . I have now wear the ring 3 time and the metal be as dull as a hub cap . it seem as though there be no rhodium plate on it at all ! unfortunately I do not wear the ring right when I buy it and wait 6 month until I lose some weight . I be very disappointed and I will not be order from Gem Ave again . think twice before order . if I could I would return this ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	I be a anti-twilight , but a big fan of mother of pearl . I be specifically look for a small-sized mop and I find it do a search under jewelry . I do not know that it be a ea celeb creation to appease Twitards . I like the asymmetrical band setting , but ea should tell fan it be not a cabochon , but a flat mop -lrb- the photo be a bit deceptive -rrb- .
Jewelry	NEG	2	so the `` ring '' do not actully move with you finger . so for example if I have it on and move my finger to make a fist the ring itself stay perfectly stright . it do not move with my finger at all . so for I at least it be more of a interesting cover for you finger not a ring at all . the design be pretty nice and I love the claw feature .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be well make and just as describe . you have to be careful with pewter , though , as it be softness make it easy to deform .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be beautiful and the size be perfect . my only complaint , be how easily it bend ... but I be also rough on jewelry and believe the cost vs product value be excellent .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I have the same ring with the Topaz stone and it be already about to break . I notice , early on , how easily the ring bent & try to be easy with it , but it have still already get a crack on the band . I think the ring be beautiful , I just do not want another disappointment . there be such differ opinion on the review , it make I think people be get completely different ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	this rainbow moonstone be exactly what I be look for as gift to extend a small token of friendship .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a gift for my boyfriend and he love it . it look really nice and this seller be very fast . we have to exchange for a smaller size and I be amaze at how quickly we get it back . I recommend highly !
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive this ring a week ago , three day after order . the stone be a bright nice shade of green , like in the picture . I order a size 6 , and it fit the finger intend perfectly . I believe I have fall in love !
Jewelry	POS	4	I really like this ring ! it be comfortable and make I happy wear it ! the seller be great and I would recommend this seller !
Jewelry	POS	4	when I receive my ring , it fit perfectly . it look beautiful , too , but the second time I wear it , I notice that the garnet stone have a orange tinge to it compare to my other garnet jewelry . other than that , it be a great ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	hus there i buy the ring for my finace and she be so happy that i buy the ring for she be try to get use to it , and i be go to buy my wedding from gem . it look like the picture exactly and be perfect for the engagement ring or a gift for any holiday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHE love it
Jewelry	POS	4	I love how this ring sparkle ! : -rrb- it be really affordable and arrive faster than the estimate time ! the only issue be the fitting . I try with the size chart over and over again and I still end up with a bigger size . so , that be really frustrating for I , especially since you can not rezie the ring . but , it be pretty and sparkly nonetheless : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be not as shiny as the picture provide ; however , the quality be there . this a hefty piece of jewelry that will definitely get notice on you finger . i have get many comment from people , when i wear it . the only bad thing be the dragon ear be sharp and catch on everything . if you look for a unsual piece of jewelry , that will last a lifetime this be it , and the price make it a steal .
Jewelry	POS	5	my daughter have have so many compliment on this ring . it look beautiful on she finger and she wear it with a smile . at 15 , it be a little scary to spend hundred of dollar on a ring that may get misplace or lose so this be the perfect price and product for this time in she life .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring on Monday and receive it by Thursday of the same week . ring look better than the picture , I absolutely love it ! it have a real vintage flare to it . I be very happy with the quality of Eve 's addiction .
Jewelry	POS	5	I receive my ring one day earlier than I be expect it . it come in a very cute little box with bow . the ring be gorgeous and fulfil my expectation . I love it ! it be very classically beautiful , sparkly and comfortable . I can not imagine pay such a small price for this ring . very pleased !
Jewelry	POS	5	well , I honestly think the ring be beautiful . while I be look for a ring to buy here on Amazon.com , I see the ring I buy and I think it look beautiful and lovely so I buy the ring. : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	the Quality be right up there but I have no idea of the size and it end up be way to large , have big hand for a female and it be really loose even on my thumb
Jewelry	POS	5	much shinier than the picture do justice , and the sheen last . I be worried look at the picture and for the price it would look cheesy and plastic , but it be very nicely detail in person .
Jewelry	POS	5	for those of you have difficulty with the ring . . I think you forget it be suppose to be a puzzle . if it be easy , what fun would that be ! - great ring , I love it . . it be a fun challenge : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	it fit my index finger perfectly . I have get many compliment on it and I have yet to see anyone else with one like it . I have wear it with all type of dress clothing and it really stand out as unique and decorative .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter 's birthday and I be pleasantly surprise when it arrive . the detail be excellent and it be a very pretty , very classy look ring . the tiny antenna add just the right touch , and the stone be a nice shade of red . I like the ring so much that I be go to order one for myself . I think that if you like the picture , you will absolutely love this ring when you see it ! -rrb- ^ . . ^ -lrb-
Jewelry	NEG	1	buy this for a birthday gift with another ring . when it be open , the first thing that jump out be very noticible flaw in not one , but two of the heart . since order be place over 30 day ago , too bad for I ! not worth it !
Jewelry	POS	5	for $ 8 , you can not get a prettier ring . I wear mine all the time . it be not perfect , but seriously , if you be look for perfection with $ 8 ... I do not know what to tell you . I be seriously consider buy the other shape of solitaire ring that Gem Avenue have for sale . awesome !!
Jewelry	POS	5	I just get this ring today and I simply love it . the craftsmanship be very well do on it . the two band under it be adjustable so any finger will fit it . even a man finger if he just pull the band apart . there be a bit of weight to it be solid pewter so you finger might feel a bit weird after you take it off . over all I really love this finger spike and be look forward to get another one but in a different style besides the star on this one .
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a very nice ring , after i misplace my other purity ring iam currently use this one . the only downside be it only come with 4 prong not 6 like view in the picture
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring turn out to be just as beautiful in person as it be in the picture . great quality !
Jewelry	NEU	3	it could be better and it could be silver for the same price . now that be a consept
Jewelry	POS	5	I love my ring . I get compliment on it daily . it be very vintage-inspired and chic . the only issue with the ring be it be advertise as adjustable , however it be most definitely not . my ring be weld together in the middle so I have to wear it on a different finger than plan because it be too big . other than that , though , it be amazing !
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring arrive much earlier than expect . it shimmer nicely in the evening - during the day , well , you can almost tell that be not diamond - if you look closely - but who do , really ? it be much prettier than in the picture , and it be really well make . a lovely little trinket , arrive in a silver box .
Jewelry	POS	5	this diamond be a lot bigger than it look on here ! it be makn I feel all Bling Bling and stuff !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	love the style and size of the ring . the ring be not heavy when wear it . would recommend this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I choose silver bcz it will not look gaudy and noble . be a mortal , I prefer wear sth plain yet pure and clean . I be so happy to have find this ring . it be not shine and glare . rather , it look gentle . specifically , its 4mm bandwidth make it exceptionally elegant in both its luster and shape . once feel `` blur '' on the surface , just simply wear it and wash you hand with regular cleasing agent and it resume its freshness ! every friend of mine who see this tell I that I buy the right thing and it fit I perfectly !
Jewelry	POS	5	I be not much of a ring person , but this be a beautiful ring . it have a simple design , nothing over the top . I would say my only complaint about the ring be the shipping charge , I end up pay $ 22.00 which to I be too much . I receive the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charge should have be less expensive . have a great day -lrb- c :
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be order for a friend who be absolutely amaze by it . the smile on she face be priceless .
Jewelry	NEG	1	arrive quickly , very pretty . set not as picture . ring only wear for two month -lrb- not for chore or anything that could harm a ring -rrb- . LOST STONE ! now pretty empty promise ring ! very disappoint .
Jewelry	POS	4	the color of the stone be very bright and blue ... its a very nice ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	its really a nice ring , I have get few of they , its strong and the colore of it be Beutiful
Jewelry	POS	5	exactly what I be hope for . the Cubic Zirconia be sparkly and the perfect size . fit accurately and the color be perfect sterling silver . the only thing that make I a bit sad be the band , which get mark up a little somehow , either in warehouse or during transit , but luckily it be not enough to make I fuss , plus for the price , if need be I could replace it at some point rather than return it for ship cost that be pricier .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it be a little small but I still love it . lightweight for the size . it get here pretty fast .
Jewelry	POS	5	Gem Avenue do a wonderful job of get this item to I in tip-top condition ! I love the little box it come in , and I know my girlfriend will love it to ! I may have order it a bit small , but if so , I 'll get another and she can keep they both ! a great job and two thumb up to Gem Avenue for speedy delivery , great packaging , and amazing craftsmanship !
Jewelry	POS	5	good value ! I have not take this ring off since I buy it . simple design compliment my more flashy ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring and be so pleased with it . it be so pretty and fit really well . it be so sparkly and I get compliment on it all the time . it come in a pretty little box with a bow and the price be great . what a wonderful addition to my jewelry .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be pretty , even though it do not look as it be advertise . the ring be describe as `` red garnet '' and be actually a orange color . I still feel I receive good value for the money spend . ship be quicker than promise .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be really pretty . look exactly as picture . the coral be a lovely color and the design be delicate , not gaudy . i love this ring .
Jewelry	NEU	3	this ring be not a horrible or anything of the kind . the stone be vibrant but fake . the siver celtic design be slightly thick for my taste . when recieve this ring , be well aware that you have buy a ring cost 8.99 and that be the quality of the work on it . do not expect more than you ask for .
Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring ! fit perfectly & go great with the other band I buy from Gem . will definitely buy from again !!!
Jewelry	NEU	3	i like the ring however i be very disappointed that the garnet stone be more orange than the dark red of the true garnet i be hopee for . this be a very special ring for my daughter whose boyfriend be name Redd and he favorite color be red and he birth stone be garnet . i order this ring for she in remembrence of Redd as he be murder only day before . so this be a very special ring to we . we be hope for a more blood red color of a true garnet .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be in perfect condition 3 year after purchase . plus ! , I get it for half the current price , though I would still pay the current price for it . great buy .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be perfect I say why spend thousand when you do not have to ? the ring shine perfectly I love this ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	i be impress with this ring because it look more beautiful thant what you see in the computer . defenitly worth it .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring make I happy ! I love dolphin . this ring remind I of the time I swim with a dolphin in Cozumel , Mexico . get to swim , touch , interact , and communicate with a dolphin be one of the best experience of my life . swimming with dolphin rank up there for I with climb up to wat Phrathat Doi Suthep in Chiang Mai , Thailand , ride on a elephant near the river and go on a bamboo float on the river in Chiang Mai , Thailand , go up in a cable car up to the Schilthorn and the Jungfrau and Bernese Alps in the Interlaken region in Switzerland , walk and hike up to visit the Neuschwanstein castle , King Ludwig II 's castle , in the bavarian region of Germany , ride a helicopter up the volcanic mountain of Kauai , snorkele around Molokini Crater near Maui , swim in serenity in Lake Tahoe , trek up the beautiful terraced mountain and look at tea and rice crop and listen to dragonfly near the Guilin area of China , and get up close to see Hubbard Glacier in Alaska and see the iceberg up close in the ocean while have my hair , coat , and outfit be drench in wetness from the cold . anyways , dolphin be so smart and beautiful . this ring remind I of the time I see pod of porpoise and a humpback whale swim near Alaska . this ring remind I of the time I have see dolphin flip up from the ocean in the wild in the western portion of Florida , the western side of South America , and really up close in Chile . and this ring remind I of the time I have go to Sea World and also when I see Winter the dolphin and she fellow dolphin be rehabilitate at Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Clearwater , Florida this year -lrb- Winter lose she tail when she be stick in a crab trap . she use a prosthetic tail . one of the trainer let I hold a prosthetic tail while pose for a picture . they be do a excellent job take care of all the injured dolphin , sea otter , shark , tortoises\/turtles , etc. . the Clearwater Marine Aquarium be a excellent place to educate both children and adult . -rrb- I think this dolphin spinner ring make a great spinner ring because it look like dolphin swim in motion . this ring make perfect sense . if you love dolphin and you want a ring that make you happy and amuse , then this spinner ring be the perfect ring for you .
Jewelry	POS	5	great ring , quick delivery . happy with purchase . lovely design and happy to have it in amethyst purple , my favorite ! Marcasite be a unique style and I be glad its make a comeback into fashion world .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I decide that I want something that would go well with my personality , so I decide I would buy one of these and try it out . when I receive it , I be amaze . the craftsmanship and overall design be beautiful , and I think that this would be it . the one thing to bring my chaotic nature to the forefront . with about two month , either the hinge or the hinge hole have break completely leave only the base and finger piece intake to a usable point . then to make matter worse , the base have a slowly evolve crack in it , make adjustment to size impossible with out completely break it to piece . and the fingertip be also begin to develop a crack in it . overall , while be initially impress by the craftsmanship and design , this be a overall fail . I be sorely disappoint in this product and will not be buy and of Dan 's Jewelers other product . this be a disappointment and , to be honest , a embarrassment .
Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring have a `` diamond '' that be over size for how light the actual ring be . snag on thing and the prong be not sturdy at all . I also buy this other ring and it be way better : -lrb- ... -rrb- Round Cut Cubic Zirconia cz 925 Sterling Silver Solitaire Ring 0.84 ct - Nickel Free engagement wedding ring
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a nice ring , with large enough piece of amber . the ring be average size on top and the design be original . the silver seem of good quality . unfortunately it be a bit too big for my middle finger . -lrb- I order a size 8 since I need a 7 ? -rrb- it come in a lovely purple box ! I would recommend it and would recommend this seller .
Jewelry	POS	5	faster delivery than I could of ever imagine , I thank this seller for the entire experience from purchase , to quality to delivery that I can only rate as pure excellence . Renay elitewellnesspath.com
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring , it be really nice and look real . I just get it to wear everyday instead of my good one .
Jewelry	NEG	1	when I see so many people give this ring such a positive review I be estatic because it look so pretty online . I rush to purchase it and be extremely disappoint with the product I recieve . the ring be not portray correctly in the pictureand be very misleading . I be majorly disappoint with my purchase and regret my haste . the ring basically look colorless -lrb- translucent -rrb- and do not feel like stone , rather it feel like a piece of great plastic that be engulf you finger . I certaintly do not recommend this product at all .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the design be nice but the quality of the ring itself be less than average ... it `` crack '' when I try to adjust it to my finger ... it be loose -lrb- hence the fact that it be impossible to adjust without totally break it -rrb- ... however , if you have get fat finger maybe it would stay put ?!?!?! difficult to say ... the seller however be amazing ! I have a problem with my order and they get back to I via email within the hour ! so I guess the say `` you get what you pay for '' just really ring true in this case ! ; - -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	my dad buy I this ring for Christmas , it be so cute I love it ! do not look like a $ 20 ring ! Great for any elephant lover ! : o -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring , its so pretty . I would buy from Gem Avenue anytime . very elegant ring . Marleene S Palm Bay , Florida
Jewelry	POS	5	for the price I pay , this ring be great ... it be well define and the crystal in it reflect well . . I will go back to the seller also , great cust . service . I 'll would buy it again ...
Jewelry	POS	5	great customer service after problem be report they overnight item to I at thier cost .
Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this for a friend who have always want a claddagh ring . this one be far and away the best I have see in this price range . beautifully design and manufacture . very delicate feature . highly recommend .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring have a nice weight to it , without be too heavy . if that make sense . it be pretty solid as well . what be ship to I be very similuar , but be a different ring . the ship have all its tooth and a triangle nose cavity . not a big deal , it just seem a little odd .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring and be amaze by the quality of it . it be very heavy silver - though not heavy on you hand . the ring spin freely and I often find myself deep in thought , spin the ring . it truly be a high quality ring and I recommend it to anyone who be look into buy a spinner ring .
Jewelry	NEG	1	one star be one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I have no choice , as I have to enter a rating . personally , I believe it deserve 0 star . when I receive the ring in the mail I be pleasantly surprised , as the setting be beautiful and the stone very clear . but after wear it only a few short hour , the stone come loose , unbeknownst to I , and as I later discover , fall out . it be not a expensive piece by any means , so I be not too put out over it , but if you be consider purchase this item , I would suggest pass this one up .
Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture the stone protrude . it be just flat . not real excite about that . and it be tiny . I be expect a little bigger .
Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring to be a purity ring and I really love it . it be shiny and it be a great reminder when I look at it . the only downside be that it have be take as a wedding ring a few time and that make for some interesting conversation . but it be beautiful and I do not regret my purchase .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be very nice . good quality for a fair price . I like the detail on the side of the ring with the trinity on both side of the ring . you 'll like this product !
Jewelry	POS	5	a must have for a teenage Goth who have everything else . plus , he skull earring along with this pewter ring complete he ensemble . neat gift for the price - can not beat it ...
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be simple , but that be exactly what I want . I have be able to wear it while do household chore , such as laundry and dish , and it seem to be able to withstand those chemical . it be really a great choice if you want something simple but sweet .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be go as a Vampire for Halloween ... . LOL this will give I the look that I want & I plan to wear it to work .
Jewelry	POS	5	it be a nicely make ring . I buy it to wear on my middle finger . I have have many compliment on this ring . I do put a coat of clear nail polish on it to protect the gold plating .
Jewelry	NEG	2	I buy this ring a month ago and wear it every day . it seem to have quite a few scratch for be very new . since I have a office job I do not do anything that would cause it to have so many scratch already . I assume that titanium be more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
Jewelry	POS	5	I like the ring alot be perfect i just hope it do last and nothing happen to it
Jewelry	POS	4	a interesting ring to have . it be not as delicate as the Wizards armor ring , but I like it . Works nice for either a casual or a dressier look . try it !
Jewelry	NEG	2	look a little antic but it be nice , it would be a nice present to give to a niece . hope she like it along with other jewerly that I get she
Jewelry	POS	5	ring be beautiful , of excellent quality , super price and be receive in only several day . my second order from this company and will definately order again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have not take this item off since receive it . . I get compliment about it always ... Love . . highly recommend . . for the price as well .
Jewelry	POS	5	buy as a Christmas gift for my daughter . she love it . detail on the ring be very nice . wear it to a we family gather Christmas night and numerous family member comment it on .
Jewelry	POS	5	very pretty ring - I love the triangle cut cz . Center stone be a nice red color . set be elegant . I be very happy with this .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be amazing ! the stone be a perfect size , not to large or to small -lrb- which be what you run into with a lot of ring you find online -rrb- , the band be a very pretty color and the fit be true to size ! very nice and highly recommend for any occasion !
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring as a work band for my husband . it loo in the picture like a nice thick set , but it be dainty . I end up keep it for myself and wear it on my right hand . after wear it for two week , two of the setting fall out . a little dissapointed , but do not expect much for the price .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have be look for a pill box just like this ! it hold a few pill & be flat enough that I can carry it in my pocket without it be noticable . I do not have any trouble open it at all . fantastic !
Jewelry	POS	5	Service be great , and the ring get to I in record time thanks !
Jewelry	NEU	3	this product look and feel very nice but need further improvement to make it a bit more solid . it break into several piece during the course of what be a generally relaxing day .
Jewelry	POS	5	I also like this ring . the fit -lrb- size 8 -rrb- be perfect . I love the color and the design . I would buy again .
Jewelry	POS	5	Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Celtic Knot ring -lrb- size 4,5,6,7,8,9 -rrb-  let 's just say I get something in return ; -rrb- these ring be beautifully craft and look good with just about anything ... -lrb- or nothing at all -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a Christmas gift for my daugher-in-law , and she absolutely love it . she say it be more comfortable than a similar band ring she have , and it be the perfect size to complement she other jewelry , not too thick , not too thin .
Jewelry	POS	4	I do not expect miracle , but this ring be quite nice for the price . of course , the post office be not very nice to it , so it arrive bent . it be pewter , so the ring be very malleable . I really like the way it look , and wish it fit a little better .
Jewelry	POS	5	I literally order this ring two day ago with regular shipping and it be on my finger right now ... amazingly fast delivery . it be exactly what I have envision when look at the picture and seem sturdy and high quality . I be very pleased with my purchase and will definitely order from Taos again !
Jewelry	POS	4	this be my favorite ring . also one of the first ring I ever buy . so if you be new to buy pewter ring , here 's something that may help you out . Pewter ring tend to be a bit more bulkier than other type of ring and the metal be softer . past that I like this ring , the design of the dead bug and snake catch a lot of attention .
Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring arrive yesterday and I be go to send it back immediately . when I open up the little plastic bag the stone be not even in the setting anymore . it apparently come loose from the setting during the shipping process . I think about glue the stone back into the setting , but when I examine it closely I be very disappointed . the stone be extremely thin and cheap look . the ring be also much smaller than the photograph make it appear . I think it look like a ring for a young girl and not for a woman . needless to say , I be not happy with this purchase and I will not be order again from this seller anytime soon .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be in excellent condition when I receive it , and have no problem with it whatsoever . it be one of my favorite piece of jewelry .
Jewelry	POS	4	Got this ring as a gift for someone and when they receive it , only average response . so I can not really tell you how it be . I would guess it be ok . maybe it be I they do not like , , , , , lol
Jewelry	NEU	3	first the ring be darker than it look in the picture . the stone also look darker and more purple . the quality of silver be poor .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be exactly as it be describe . it be not perfect but be what i be expect and the price keep it a good value
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be okay . Wish the stone be set more contoured to you finger . the fact they be not make the product seem cheap .
Jewelry	POS	5	after have to sell my original wedding set due to a tough economy I be fervently search for a suitable replacement . I order MANY CZ ring and they always leave I want . I think I would try one LAST time and boy I be glad I do ! this ring be WAY LESS than all the other and look twice as nice . it be not cheaply make and the stone be totally believable . I will be wear this with pride until I can afford the `` real '' thing once again in the future . all I can say be buy this !!! you will love it !!
Jewelry	POS	5	my husband surprise I with the ring and it be so pretty and petite . for a person with a small finger it look good .
Jewelry	POS	5	very difficult order this as I know it be not ` real ' . my ` real ' deal be a vintage setting that could not be fix , nor the stone replace without purchase a new setting , which can not be afford at the time . this ring have go beyond my expectation , and last ! I love the true vintage quality of this ring so much , if I ever do return to the position of purchase a new ` real ' ring ... I would show they this one . no one can tell the difference , especially if you have a wedding band that accentuate the vintage quality . this ring be a gem to find ! thank you Seller !
Jewelry	POS	5	this be absolutely beautiful ! it be a little smaller than I expect . great buy !!!! it even sparkle in the light . DOES NOT SPARKLE AS MUCH AS A DIAMOND RING BUT STILL A LOT .
Jewelry	POS	4	Came fast be right size be very nice look and the kid be very happy to give to there mom
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be well worth the price . it be silver , so it will not turn you finger green , it be adorable , and for those who like to keep they hand busy this be perfect . it be definitely worth more than they be ask for .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love every piece I have purchase . the item be solid and as picture . thank you !
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring have a very pretty silver design , but the stone be very light blue topaz that appear transparent or green in the right light .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be my fave ring of all time . it come with a string around it so it will not fall a part when you take it out of the box . although , mine have to be `` take '' apart . it do not just fall apart like some of the looser knot do . I love this ring & the company have a video you can watch & learn to how to put it , & other puzzle ring , back together . the indviual band be thin & can bend so you have to be nice it , but it be well worth the money .
Jewelry	POS	5	the product come sooner than expect . unlike what the previous reviewer say , i do not see any tiny gap anywhere , which be always a good thing . unfortunately , it do not come in half size , but that be something i can live without .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my daughter 's birthday but , oop , I get the wrong size and have to keep it for myself . the workmanship be quite good .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get the ring before the date tell . it come in a pretty little box . it be the right color and size
Jewelry	POS	4	well the ring be to small for my finger length wise it need one more tier in order to bend my finger in it . otherwise nice product
Jewelry	NEG	2	even though the stone itself look really nice , pretty much identical with real diamond , the cheap setting make the whole ring look cheap . the prong be obviously asymmetric and disproportional . the band be really thin . I think even put a real diamond on this ring would look like fake .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring arrive very nicely package , good look ring . ship be OVERDONE , in my opinion . I have to sign for the ring -lrb- why ? -rrb- , and , although , yes , it be come from Montreal , I really do not see a reason to pay $ 22 s\/h for it to arrive in 3 day -lrb- which it do ! -rrb- . I would have be very happy to pay less s\/h and have it arrive in a week or two .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I wish I have order a size larger than i need . it fit like normal but I cant really bend my finger like I should because it get to tight . for price it be a good deal .
Jewelry	POS	4	I have to say that the reviewer who state that the cz be slant in the setting be right -- it be ! BUT , it be hard to tell unless one remove it from the finger and examine it closely . I be very happy with the ring . I have a real one exactly like this one but since I drop it down the sink once and have to have a plumber retrieve it for I -lrb- pay the plumber $ 125 -rrb- , I decide to get a look-alike for daily wear . : -rrb- I be very happy with this ring and have be a loyal gem avenue customer since I purchase the first item from they in the summer ! no disappointment yet so far -lrb- have purchase 5 time already -rrb- . I have be wear this ring since I buy it in September and my husband have not even notice it -lrb- he think I be wear the real one -rrb- .
Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring except for the fact when I receive it the receipt that come with it which have a link for a website to the instruction , the link be incorrect . I also try to e-mail the contact e-mail multiple time with no response . the instruction below which someone so graciously post be correct , agree be very cryptic and be difficult to interpret , but I would still be try to put it back together without they . the first time I try to put it back together it take I upward of 2 hour to interpret the instruction and get it together . once you figure it out its not that bad . the groove that they talk about be located on the INSIDE of the band . good luck !
Jewelry	POS	5	silver insanity have some nice product at good price . I have buy several item for my wife and she be please with all of they .
Jewelry	NEG	1	hate this thing as soon as I open it . not nearly as `` shiny '' as it be in the pic and the stone do not sparkle at all . the ring look dull , plating have chip off in some place and the stone look terrible -lrb- always have though -rrb- . I end up go to Khols and get a ring for $ 10 that be much more attractive and people actually ask if its real . it amaze I that there be so many people who love this item ; maybe I just get a dud or they have never get a ring out of one of those quarter machine and think this thing be great . .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring for the price . it be smooth , low profile , perfect size ring !
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring over 5 year ago , and it be my favorite ring , aside from my wedding ring . I wear it all the time . even though the stone be not real garnet , it be a beautiful rich red and go well with my other garnet jewelry . I highly recommend this one .
Jewelry	POS	5	I have own this ring for over 20 year . it be the most comfortable ring that I own . I buy it all those year ago for a fraction of what it be worth now . I would TELL ANYONE to buy this ring , you will enjoy it for the rest of your life .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I get this for my husband because the style be perfect . however , I be soon disapointed because the ring be easily scratch which be a surprise because its Titanium and I think be would be durable . also , I find this seller to be very defensive about customer ' satisfaction . too bad .
Jewelry	POS	5	glitter they do . wedding ring for the missus and I for $ 20 deliver . I get nervous wear jewelry that be worth more than my finger .
Jewelry	POS	5	very nice ring with great detail on the side of the ring . can not beat the price . you 'll not be disappoint .
Jewelry	POS	4	the ring arrive in a timely manner ... I love the ring so shiney sparkley I get lot of compliment . .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this for my boyfriend for he birthday 3 and a half year ago and it arrive fine . people be impress at see this ring , it look pretty awesome and a little intimidating I guess for people who be not use to see they worn . within the first year the bolt start come loose , so I bring it to my jewelry teacher back when I be still in high school and he put new bolt in and it fit much better ! more snug and moveable . it be worth a buy but do not expect it to last forever if you wear it often , you should get new bolt put in place when they get loose . but I can not buy any more of this from Dan 's jewelry , as it say it will not ship here , I do not know why as I buy two finger length ring from here before . oh since I buy it for my boyfriend the ring fit fine but if you be a woman , it might be big to wear-it be a tiny bit loose on he , I be not sure what size he wear . also the picture look bright but the metal be much darker than the picture , but still nice look .
Jewelry	POS	5	silver insanity have the best accessory !!! I see the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fall in love . I love ring that cover you proximal phalanx -lrb- the bone in you finger closest to you hand -rrb- . when I receive the ring , -lrb- earlier than count upon -rrb- , I be a little disappointed to see how little it look and how dainty but that be before I try it on . I be expect the ring to be bulky and glad it be not . the finger surround it be not bother or irritated thx to the ring slimness . I recommend use the ring size chart b\/c I have think I would be a 6 ; turn out , I be a 7 . what be misleading , though , be the picture . the leaf be show bright , but it look noticably darker -lrb- inside the outer rimming of the leaf , to where the gem be -rrb- when you have it in you hand . my finger be long and slender . the ring do not twist or turn about , but it do not cover my proximal phalanx completely . I 'll measure ... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top , it be about 3.3 cm . my middle proximal phalanx -lrb- the bone in you middle finger closest to you hand -rrb- be about 3.8 cm . and if you should run you finger through you hair , the leaf will not get entangled ! nice ! you can wear the damn ring everywhere !!! I love it !
Jewelry	POS	4	the first one easily break after be steep on . so as long as you be careful it should be fine . it look pretty cool and have a nice weight to it .
Jewelry	POS	5	i have have this ring almost a year now and still love it to death . i wear it everyday , it have never turn my finger green and i get compliment all the time . about a week ago a jewel come loose but you cant even tell , after almost a year thats great quality for the price .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I buy this ring a long time ago and I do not wear it anymore . it seem to look old too fast due to the sterling silver .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous !! the stone be actually a deeper purple than what the picture show . the style be very unique & funky - but at the same time it be dainty - which I love . I be plan on buy the Garnet version of this ring for my mom . highly recommend silver insanity !
Jewelry	POS	5	this product be a christmas present for my sister and she absolutely love it and i love how it come in lot of different size as oppose to one
Jewelry	POS	5	this ship quickly - get here before Christmas ! also , it be almost a exact replica of my wife 's wedding band in silver .
Jewelry	POS	4	this be really , really cute . the color be bold and vivid . it be fairly thick in term of stick out from you finger . this would make it a good thumb ring , may be uncomfortable on you finger . be sure to order 1 size up .
Jewelry	POS	5	this product be beautiful , I like it more in person . I wear everyday . fast delivery and safe packaging as well .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the price be very good , it be a big size ring but a little bit too much delicate ... in few day not still shiny and with scratch -lrb- normal use ! I didnt go to hike wear it !!! -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	I be look for a cute ring for my daughter . she love it ! thanks .
Jewelry	POS	5	Perfect ring to wear occasionally with you wedding band . simple and elegant . solid ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love sterling silver and decide to take a chance in order this ring . and I be glad I do . I absolutely love it . it be just perfect . I have receive compliment from friend and stranger alike . Suggestion : please consider have more ring available in 1\/2 size .
Jewelry	POS	4	I purchase this ring for my mother as part of she Christmas present . we be part irish and she have always love that culture . she dream vacation would be to go but since we could not afford to take she there , I could at least bring some of it to she . the ring be beautiful . no tarnish or blatant sign of cheapness , clear design , good color to the silver . it run very true to size and be way more delicate in real life than what it look like in the picture but I love that about it . the only draw back be that the inside be very clearly stamped THAILAND on the band which I be sure say something about it be quality or it be origin , and I be a little disappointed over that . all in all I be satisfy with it : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	this blue topaz ring be as describe on the site , better than picture . Perfect for a young teenage daughter for Christmas . ship be quick as well .
Jewelry	POS	5	you get exactly what you be look at , no surprise ... a beautiful sparkly ring . it arrive quickly in a pretty gift box , and my wife love it - unfortunately I get the wrong size , so I be return for the right size ... and so far the return process be go smoothly !
Jewelry	POS	4	ring be very very pretty , but small . would be better suit for a child and I give it to my granddaughter who love it . I rate it high because the ring itself be very pretty .
Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this as a gift to myself and I will admit that it be very pretty . it be worth the 10 buck I pay for it . the setting be slightly off but you do not notice it unless you be really look . I have wash dish with it on and it still look bright .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring its self be nice . but the thing that confuse be I be why these ring be size 10 or 9 or lower . i get the biggest size to be safe -lrb- 9 i think -rrb- , and the stupid ring look like it could barley fit a 5 year old . its as if they expect you to have skeleton size finger . theres no way the ring be a size nine if so then a size fize accord to this ring be the radius of a pencil
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring as a present for valentine day for my girlfriend . I be a little worried about order a ring off of the internet for two reason . one I be worry about the overall quality of the ring match the picture , which it do . the other be if the size be not correct how would the customer assistance be and it be great . the ring be great quality it be more on the petite side which I like . my girlfriend could not be happier with it . she have problem with nickel base jewelry and it be , like they state nickel-free . I get the size right , twice and they could not have be more helpful in fix this error they not only send I a new one quickly and be more then helpful make sure I get exactly what I have want . thank you Taos .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get this ring for my girlfriend as a birthday present , and she love it . the only problem she have be decide what finger to wear it on . I also really like how the order come with a catalog and a business card for future order .
Jewelry	NEU	3	I love everything about this ring except for the fact that the stone be a much lighter blue in person than in the picture .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be so pretty and catch light in a cool way . Order a size bigger than you expect though , it be a thick band . it be really unique and you can not beat the price . I can not wait to order some of the other color !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring !! I have small finger . -lrb- I wear a size 5 on my ring finger -rrb- I be worry that the stone would be too big and have that `` fake '' look . but that be not the case with this ring . it look very real and I have have a lot of complement on it . and it have not turn my finger green like a lot of other silver ring do ! I totally love it !!
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful . i see that one person get a foggy cz but i must say mine be gorgeous . the sparkle be amazing . i be very pleased with this ring .
Jewelry	POS	4	beautiful ring , however be sure not to knock it on anything ... after wear it for long period the stone get loose . it have not fall out yet , but you can tell it be think about it . even if it do , though , I have definitely get my money worth !
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be on my wife 's Wish list . I order it and stick it in she Christmas stock . it be well receive . the ring arrive in a small velvet bag with a pull cord , which be a nice touch . arrive before the schedule delivery date .
Jewelry	NEG	2	the item never come but I be happy with the service they refund I my money . a little disappointed that it do not come because I be look forward to wear it so much .
Jewelry	POS	5	the ring setting be very lovely but you can tell that the stone be not real at a glance . but I still love the color ! the blue be so soft and beautiful . it kinda remind I of the sky . except that the color be a bit lighter . still , the ring be lovely . too big , but still ... Love it !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	im quite happy with the ringm quality be amazing and totally in love with it . thanks a lot and will keep shoppp with you .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring to tide I over while my finger size be change due to arthritis . I be pleasantly surprise when it arrive in a very pretty small ring box . the ring be beautiful , very highly polished and the stone just glisten . I be save this ring to wear for special occasion because wear it make I feel special . I love it !!!
Jewelry	POS	5	I hear a quote the other day that go ... `` and just when life seem surely over , the caterpillar turn into a beautiful butterfly '' I be in the process of divorce right now . its be really hard . and there have be time that `` life seem surly over '' so when I hear that quote ... I think that be me ! I be just in the process of turn into a butterfly ! I decide I want something to remind I of that quote when thing get tough ... and this be it ! I love it ... its perfect !! I look a lot of place , but I wear a size 4 and they be hard to find . this ring be beautiful , and they be very prompt with shipping . I would highly recommend they . : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	4	what a great band ring ! wear it often and like the smooth feel and intense color . lot of fun for a low price .
Jewelry	POS	5	this fit well and be as describe in the picture . it be very clean and match the necklace I buy to go along with it .
Jewelry	POS	4	this purchase be absolutely magnificent . the stone be a beautiful deep red color while on the finger , yet when you take it off it turn orange . I buy it for my sister on she birthday and she adore it ! I recommend it to anyone who like medieval look jewelry .
Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be like a breath of fresh air and have a summery feel for I . it be a pretty complementary or contrasting color for so many outfit and my eye be always draw to it . I be very happy with my purchase . I buy quite a few gemstone ring from Amazon and hesitate to buy this one , think , `` do I really need this ? '' glad I do !
Jewelry	POS	5	it be a good product overall . fast shipping . good service . i would recommend this product to any guy who be look for gift to give they girlfriend\/wife .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring as soon as I see it ! the spinner part spin perfectly and the craftsmanship be beautiful . no flaw that I can see or feel . solid feel to it . definitely a bargain for the price . would recommend the product from Sabrina .
Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring some time ago and still adore it . it be dramatic & artsy with just a little sparkle . comfortable to wear . durable . and you would not believe how many folk have remark how much they like it over the year . great purchase - you 'll love it .
Jewelry	NEG	2	order this one along with another , and this be the more sturdy of the two . the other break withing 10 minute of open the package . this one be still fine , but I be shelve both . this one be very uncomfortable , and do not bend easily .
Jewelry	POS	5	love it ! this ring be really pretty and I get a lot of complement on it . you will really like it too !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love the ring ! the diamond be much bigger than i expect ! its a good look ring for the price
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be absolutely gorgeous . the sparkle be unbelieveable . the fit be perfect . the stone be a little larger than expect , but still fantastic .
Jewelry	POS	4	I get complement on it all the time ! unfortunately , though , the tip of the crown snag everything it come across .
Jewelry	NEU	3	love it when it arrive . very pretty , size fit perfectly . but the first time I take it off and plunk it down on the ring stand it pop apart . never to be reassemble . I have have friend and family all try to put it back together . very sad .
Jewelry	POS	5	while this be a very inexpensive cubic zirconium ring I think it look just fine . I be not try to fool anyone into think this be my engagement ring , but I actually believe that would be entirely possible unlike some negative comment regard this product - mine arrive in perfect condition . I find it to be a really great value for the price and if you be shop for something to fool people with - this might do the trick , but if you do not agree then you have to remember that it be only $ 8 .
Jewelry	POS	4	I like this ring a lot , it be very masculine and well-detailed . I give it a 4 star because it bend easy on the lower half of the band - I have have to bend it back to a circle several time after just do simple thing around the house . it also scratch a bit easy . nice ring to wear around , but not a very good ring to wear if you be go to be work around the house or deal with lift heavy object .
Jewelry	POS	5	the emerald be the same color show on the site . the jewelry come in pretty box . Green draw attention until brown clothes . size be adequate -lrb- length 7 mm -rrb- and weight 2 gram -lrb- 10 oz -rrb- . the 6 diamond shine quite . the ring be comfortable and emerald highlight . a jewelry street sell this type of jewelry more expensive .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a absolutely gorgeous ring . as you probably know , most jewelry shop do not offer scorpion jewelry . or if they do offer pendant and ring , they be either way too small , or the design look silly and unrealistic . but this ring be really big , the detail be great , and it just look perfect . the best part be the price . I have spend three time as much money on smaller scorpion piece from eBay in the past . I actually like the fact that it be pewter and not silver ; I be a man and personally do not like to wear anything too shiny or gaudy look . this be a beautiful ring for a price that anyone can afford . if you like scorpion as much as I do , you really need to treat yourself to this ring today .
Jewelry	POS	5	I get two of this ring for two of my sister who birthday be in December . I also purchase one with a amethyst , one with a sapphire and one with a peridot . now my mother , my three sister , and I can have match birthstone ring . they be attractive and simple enough to be worn to work every day .
Jewelry	POS	5	I absolutely adore this ring ! it be perfect ! it carry the appearance of a jewelry item more expensive than it actually be and I have receive many compliment on it . 5 star !
Jewelry	POS	4	when the ring arrive and I open the box I be not sure what to expect , but I be not too disappointed . if the ring be ` inspect ' I assume you can tell it be a ` fake ' however once I put it on my hand for a couple day it just blended in with the rest of my jewlery . no one have ever ` suspect ' it . so , if you go for that wow factor and really want a ring you can show off maybe you should consider pay more then $ 20 ! but , if you just want something to wear on that ring finger and ` blend ' into the back ground this be a great deal !
Jewelry	NEG	1	this pill box be extremely difficult to open once it be close . and I be not some arthritic senior citizen , but a active 35 year old with good dexterity . the lid fit too tightly once it be snapped shut , and the lip of the lid be flush with the bottom piece . very aerodynamic I be sure , but you 'll break all you fingernail try to pry it open . I have to use a nail file tip to open it again . also , the craftmanship of the piece be poor in general , especially for a item of this price . the sticker inside say `` make in Thailand '' , and frankly it show . save you money and look for something else .
Jewelry	POS	4	let I first say I absolutely love this ring . it be so pretty . I be hope to wear it daily as a mother 's ring -lrb- my birthstone and my child -rrb- . but give the size I do not know if I will do that . maybe just use it for special occasion . I do check out the dimension , but I guess it fail to register . I post a image to show how big it be on my hand . I hope to find some more lovely thing to purchase : -rrb-
Jewelry	POS	5	love this ring . it arrive exactly as picture . I buy it for my 13-year old daughter for Christmas . she wear it all the time , and receive many compliments\/questions about it . it feel very solid , not like some flimsy one we have see at store that cost double the price . -lrb- she be want one ever since she be watch old episode of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' on dvd , and see Angel give Buffy a beautiful ring like this . -rrb-
Jewelry	NEG	1	I be shock when I see this ring , it be not what I expect . I have never see a ring so small , not make for human . it be something I would expect in a bon bon at Christmas time . it be too tight for my pinky , the size be all wrong . I can not imagine they sell this item in a jewelry shop , very disappointing , not worth the money at all . I will not buy jewelry online anymore . a regret
Jewelry	POS	4	when I see this ring , I think GOTTA HAVE IT . it look GOOD-BUT BETTER , IT be COMFORTABLE ON . as alway I receive great service . I be a REAL LOVER of RINGS-BUT NOT just ANY ring -- unique one and this one be that . the finish on the ring look great with the stone . regards , DONNA
Jewelry	POS	5	buy it for my niece , wife be keep it . Enough say . nice ring ! Gem Avenue , I think we 'll be see you again very soon !
Jewelry	POS	5	I love my ring . it go with everything . it come to I on time . the service be awesome . could not ask for anything better . thank you .
Jewelry	NEU	3	the ring be real pretty and sparkly ! but the band scratch real easily ! I 'll continue to wear it , till I get a new ring ! what can you expect from a cheap ring ! brilliant Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire 3mm Band Sterling Silver Ring size 5
Jewelry	NEU	3	THis product look larger and clearer online . not really satisfied , but it will pass as long as no one look really close .
Jewelry	POS	5	very please with this ring . Perfect size for a active person - relatively low profile . I have several piece with the Celtic Trinity Knot & this ring be a lovely addition . clean , classic line - beautiful onyx . size run true . I have receive many compliment ! would definitely order from this company again .
Jewelry	POS	5	I be glad I purchase this ring , it now one of she favorite ! I like everything about it and and she love it . I choose 5 star because it make really happy . I would recommend this ring and other I purchase to any of my female friend and\/or the boyfriend , husband , and whatever . thank you
Jewelry	POS	4	this be a beautiful ring that be of excellent quality . the only reason I do not give it a complete 5 star be because I prefer very dark tiger 's eye and this stone be very light . however , because the overall quality of the ring be so phenomenal , I be keep it . it should be note that the ring sit on the finger at a slant , not upright as in the picture . that be not a problem in appearance , just try to help with a description . I actually prefer the slant look for this ring .
Jewelry	POS	5	this be a excellent shopping experience . the order be place promptly , and i have my ring within day . I make a mistake and order the wrong ring , and the company even agree to replace the ring with the right size for I . customer Service like that be rarely see , expecially with online transaction . I highly recommend this company .
Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be wonderful , and as one reviewer comment the craftsmanship be amazing . nicely cut heart shape cz place in a sterling silver band -lrb- very elegant -rrb- . it be a lovely gift that will be cherish a lifetime . great price too .
Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be feminine but still have a presence on you finger . the red be quite beautiful . if I want another ring I 'll be come right back here for it , mainly because I have a difficult time find ring in my size -lrb- which be 5 -rrb- usually size start at 6 . I be very pleased .
