Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	granddaughter love it ! allow she to keep up with young hollywood . seem to be a magazine with tasteful news on young star . good kid 's magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this be not as good as I expect for a Scholastic publication . it have a lot of advertising . that surprise I . Parent or Parenting be just as good , if not better , magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Cowboys and Indians be a modern american West magazine . that be , while there be historical article and reference here and there , the emphasis be on the here and now - modern western-themed fashion , art , architecture , event and happening , and so on . this be a very high-quality magazine with superb production value . lot of photo , superbly reproduce . Printed on heavy , glossy stock . ton of content . typically there be at least one celebrity article with western connection per issue -lrb- recent example be Paul Newman , Willie Nelson , and Harrison Ford -rrb- , one major architectural article , usually a large ranch or lodge , and a art article highlight a western artist . other content be always western-themed , but be all over the map , include event , entertainment , travelogue , jewelry , etc. . all well-written and worth reading . Cowboys and Indians also pack a lot of advertising content . in this case , I view that as a positive , as 95 % of it be for product and company you will not see in mass market magazine . in other word , if western product interest you , this magazine be probably the best single source to find they . my wife and I make a practice of flip through the ad at the kitchen table with coffee when a new issue come in . it also hold the price down on what would otherwise be a very expensive magazine , give its content and quality . as a whole , the magazine have a decide high-end tilt . you be not go to find inexpensive product , starter home article , etc. in this magazine . although that may sound somewhat elitist , the magazine do not come off that way .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have subscribe to this mag since it start -- when it be call `` Chili Pepper '' in the early\/mid ninety . I have notice recently that delivery have be a little erratic , so I use a little google-fu and find out that not only have they website be down for month -lrb- I have already notice that -rrb- , they sell the food convention , they be not pay they writer , nor return call from subscriber . I fear that this one be also go down the path to its demise , if it have not already . this be always one of my favorite magazine . just a head up to fellow chile head .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I feel compel to write a short note after receive a renewal notification too early . I first order the Journal in June 05 , I receive a renewal that I think be in order in March 06 , now I be get another one in Dec 06 . it seem Amazon be engage in some behavior that take several month of subscription time away from consumer who order through they . be careful
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the magazine for the best story on the market today . a typical Hugo or Nebula award list usually have several item from Asimov 's -lrb- although not this year , they be all from sister publication Analog ! -rrb- Asimov 's tend toward `` softer '' sf than Analog and some story be more literary or experimental . but I say this in praise , as most of these story be well worth the effort . some really do take you to alien place or sens with they language and structure as well as plot -lrb- I be think of some of Charles Stross ' new entry -rrb- .  Asimov 's be less predictable than Analog as well ; other than editor Robert Silverberg 's editorial , there be few recur feature , and serialzed novel be rare . so you may get two short story or five , the rest make up of novellum and novellette . but they will always be well-done , and you 'll find yourself look for those author ' long work after enjoy they in Asimov 's .  one change in publication not mention here : both magazine have go to 10 issue a year from 11 , with 2 `` double issue '' instead of one per year . the double issue be always a treat but then one must wait 2 month for the next regular issue !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	as other have state , probably not a great idea to order nat Geo through Amazon . I place my order in June and receive a cancellation e-mail from they today . if Amazon can not fill the subscription at this price , they should not be offer it . Great magazine , just do not order it here .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	excellent magazine to learn what other be do . not just the practice of a specific business , also the approach and mindset they follow . highly recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	good magazine , but my complaint be that when I receive it , part of the cover be rip and crinkle . they should put some kind of protective cover like other magazine when they mail it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i almost , actually , i forget i order the magazine because it take more than a month to arrive . the website do say it take 4-6 week to come , so i think i should fairly give it a 4 star . the miss 5th star be for : indeed , it be a looong wait .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic continue to amaze I each and every month . the picture and in depth article be second to none . simply , there be no equivalent to this monthly dose of adventure , environment and exploration . Kenneth Haft
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the Weekly Standard be the propaganda arm for billionaire who want all we money , creationist who be too afraid to face obvious fact of science , and endless war for the benefit of military contractor . read its article purport to connect al Qaeda to Iraq before the invasion . it be a sad , funny attempt to create connection that no one else have be able to find . be they present cut edge journalism , or simply fabricate fact to fit they pro-war agenda ? decide for yourself .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have read issue of National Geographic that date back to the last century . in those early time the article be often more sterile and factual , but still just as interesting . in many case those article be more interesting today , because we see the world of then through the eye of the relatively objective viewer of then .  geography cover more than just land mass and forest . National Geographic be not about `` national , '' it be about we entire universe ; National Geographic refer to `` the National Geographic Society , '' rather than the breadth of coverage . in the decade that I have be read National Geographic , article have cover everything from the Earth 's core , to the deepest ocean , to the people live on the land and the land itself , the mountain and sky above we , and the whole universe . warning : if you be a creationist then I would avoid this magazine .  the breadth of the magazine be well match by its depth . Articles in the last decade have cover gene , atomic science , microbial life , how remote sense technology work , laser , frequency , such as those that make up color and the all the invisible spectrum , and so many more that it be impossible to list they in a 1000 word review . virtually every major issue possible to be cover that be related to geography have have at least one article in Geographic , and thousand of not-so-major issue . there be even a article on holography !  the core of the magazine be still geography as we grow up believe geography to be . there have be article on Lake Baikal , a wonderful trek through the still wild and swampy jungle of Africa , excellent article on cave and national park of all nation , glorious color picture of undersea life and animal of all shape , size and description , and the ever popular insect and arachnid , to name but a fraction .  National Geographic have always be famous for the picture . a recent addition to the magazine have be a brief article describe a picture that do not quite make the cut for a featured article . the brief summary explain why the editor , writer or photographer be enamor of a particular picture , and why the picture be not use in the article . this article provide a wonderful insight into the marriage of photography and prose for each article in every magazine ; a primer for would-be editor .  while National Geographic do have a environmental lean in report , it be remarkably balanced . the need of affected population such as fisherman , farmer , and people in general be report alongside commentary on how people have damage a ecosystem or cause the extinction of another species . there always seem to be a note of glee when the need of ecology and the need of people be in balance or when people have benefit from improve or guard a ecosystem .  there be few adult magazine that I feel be sufficiently balance in they reporting that I be comfortable provide unlimited access to child . while there be occasional article that be quite bloody , which be to be expect when deal with human and animal , the blood be real and not stage . while I would not expose a very young child to such imagery , older child need to learn of the reality of the world . I remember when I be first expose to National Geographic 40 year ago I find some of the image disturbing , but those same image help prepared I for some of the harsh reality of life outside my home , my city , my country and even my solar system and galaxy .  National Geographic have be a important magazine in my life for about 40 year . I be fortunate to go to a high school with magazine that date back more than 70 year , and spend many free hour read those old magazine , with all black and white photograph . what a incredible perspective this magazine give we on the world and how we and we knowledge have change in the course of the last 100 year . what a wonderful way to discover those change . this excellent and educational magazine be for those interested in people , science , geography , the world , and the universe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this month 's issue of Vogue -lrb- July 2008 , with Nicole Kidman on the cover -rrb- clarify for I the significant drop in quality at american Vogue over the year . the magazine have reduce in size , now smaller than US letter paper . the spine measure less than 1\/4 inch . the printing and paper quality be low . the content of the July issue , in particular be watery . Vogue use to contain expansive description of trend and detail , but if the last few issue be a indicator , they must have fire a lot of writer . what exist now be not much more than product placement ad . the photo page be few in number as well . I know that there be much more to fashion now that what be in Vogue lately . what be go on ? maybe there need to be a change in editorial leadership . in the meanwhile , sadly I probably will not renew .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I do live in Chicago , so my viewpoint may be different than that of someone who do not live here and probably only come here once a month .  i subscribe to this magazine 2 year ago , before the Tribune Co. buy it . it have several great article each month and be really relevant not only to people live in Chicago , but to those who have just move here . I still have several of those because they be so good to have .  some of my favorite , and headlining , article include : Chicago 's best new restaurant -lrb- May 2001 -rrb- , Chicago 's Guide to Summer -lrb- May 2001 -rrb- , 25 Weekend Getaways -lrb- June 2001 -rrb- , Guide to survive O'Hare -lrb- Feb. 2001 -rrb-  when I resubscribe 6 month ago -lrb- post Tribune buy out -rrb- I start to notice it be cater to a different set of people . it now at least seem to have a lot less article and they be a lot more relevant to people who live in the suburb , or be Chicago old-money . definitely cater to the 50 + crowd now .  from the Jan. 2003 edition : Chicago 's top doctor , from the Dec. 2002 edition : the most expensive thing in town , and look at this month 's highlight ` Chicago 's richest people ' . . why do I care ? I do not !!  i will not be renew my subscription to this formerly good magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	one of the funniest magazine around . in a recent article , the Weekly Standard propose massively expand the IRS to help pay for the massive debt and budget deficit . which group do the `` Weekly Standard '' say should be target for this increase IRS presence -lrb- and massive increase in tax rate - for some 100 % -rrb- ? the Entertainment industry . the reality tv show contestant , the teen-pop singer and the like . the article note that normally massive taxation would hurt a industry , but with all the people that really want fame , that go all out to get they 15 minute of fame , the industry would continue along -lrb- I be curious if O'Rourke realize that the tax would be apply to similar writer -rrb- . another o'rourke article provide the reader with a alternate Inaugural Address by Bush -lrb- subtitle : `` what if George W. Bush be not a compassionate conservative ... '' ; quote : `` the media say that I win the election on the strength of moral value . if the other fellow have become president , would the media have say that he win the election on the strength of immoral value ? '' -rrb- . in all seriousness , this magazine be a very clear detailed neo-conservative look at the issue -lrb- neo-con ? - interestingly , it would appear that many of the writer use to be liberal -rrb- . the magazine do not always present just the conservative perspective , and do not always agree with Bush . another recent article be by a current liberal , ex-communist british writer and he reaction to George Galloway 's testimony before the US Senate . a editorial in that recent issue be all about the dictator in Uzbekistan , a US ally in the war on terror . the editorial note that toleration of this dictator and he brutality will undermine Bush 's current foreign policy . it should be note that the magazine do not seem to have journalist , and few staff writer , most appear to be call `` contribute editor . '' it be jarring , though , when I read the magazine then read article in some of my other subscription . `` Variety '' and `` Weekly Standard '' rarely agree . for that matter , I be somewhat surprise by how often the `` Weekly Standard '' and `` Business Week '' disagree . - Michael S. Briggs -
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I wrestle between 2 and 3 star . in the end , when I flip through entrepreneur I be usually disappoint . inevitably there will be some helpful info but there be other magazine that offer much more in content and layout that be in the same price range -lrb- ex : Inc , fast company , maybe wire -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I read a few review on amazon and other site about Acoustic Guitar before decide to subscribe to it . I pay they on the 1st of May 2006 and my first copy be suppose to be the July issue -lrb- which have not yet turn up -rrb- , on write to they I get a response say that I should expect it any day , well I buy they word for it , but it never reach I . it be the same story for every issue and everytime I would write to they , all that they have to say be that I should reconfirm my postal address -lrb- which be ridiculous cause I have be get they renewal notice before even a single issue reach I , and I have bring that to they notice -rrb- . I even ask they for the detail of shippment so that I could trace my subscription , to which I be inform that it have be ship by surface mail -lrb- which be ridiculous cause I have pay they for international shipping -rrb- , well then I finally ask they to courier the subscription to I for a additional cost atleast I would get my magazine , well they do just that and I have my September issue in 2 day -lrb- all this after countless mail try to prove that I be a genuine subscriber and that my intention be as clear as un-polluted rain-water -rrb- . well then I wait anxiously for the next issue , which have not yet turn up and when I loge into my account on they site it show that my November issue have also be ship -lrb- they resort to surface shipping -rrb- ; well as you can guess I have to re-request they to resort to air shipping but now it seem like they have stop acknowledge my mail ; and I keep mail they in the hope that I 'll get what be mine but to no response . so for $ 40 I have just recieve my Sepetember issue -lrb- after countless mail request for something that I have pay for -rrb- and yes renewal notice by post : d -lrb- which be ridiculous -rrb- so my suggestion to people who want to subscribe to this magazine anywhere outside America would be to rethink bout it or if they get kick out of request for something that be theirs , well then you should subscribe to Acoustic Guitar . I waste my $ 40 , which I doubt they 'll refund , cause they do not even acknowledge my email : s my acoustic Guitar customer ID no. : 789000 -lrb- a genuine subscriber -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	now you need to know some thing about I so you know how any why I rate this product . I go to gifted , hate rock pop and popular song although I like some of they . j-14 be not the best but it be okay I like it . it be my second issue of a magazine , m magazine be my first . how I find out about it be when my friend Caroline show I and tell I to buy it and finlly my parent agree . I take old issue of magazine from my local library such as seventeen but not now it have mature content that creep I to the bone , and sometimes GL and something like v or whatever ? anyways . my favouirte magazine be TeenPeople . I like big poster . but the probeleme be that they put too much stress and so in to the magazine . let 's review . I be take the December 2006 one . the headline do not mkae much sense . Review next . Roxy
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be not a architect or a designer . I be introduce to Dwell when I be stay over a apartment in Amsterdam . Got fascinate by the functional and design aspect of the home show in the magazine . interesting to see how different culture translate into different yet equally great design .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	first , let I say that I think ng be a wonderful magazine , make for those that read article that make they think . my only complaint be that , upon sign up for a subscription , the NG Society fulfil the first 3 issue of my subscription by send I back issue . while there be article of interest in these issue , I expect to be treat as a value customer , not as a source for dispose of excess inventory take up space in a warehouse .  resulting grade : content - a + subscription tactic - f
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geo . be a family favorite grow up . my parent get we the subscription so we could have great reference for project with great picture . now , all grow up i purchase this for my brother for he birthday as a staple magazine for he new family .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I use to read Harper 's when I be a cynical 20-something . now that I be a somewhat less cynical 30-something , I just can not take the nearly hysterical atmosphere of gloom that pervade it . Life be grim for many around the world -- always have be , always will . wallow in that grimness be not in anyone 's interest . additionally , Harper 's do not give voice to alternative political viewpoint -- if they have they way , the editor would pack the court , congress , and White House with liberal no matter the cost . this be a pluralist society and a magazine with the intellectual firepower of Harper 's at its disposal should be strong enough to admit a range of view . let the Harper 's politburo have they funereal fun and read the New Yorker instead .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order this magazine , in B.C long time ago ... why ... ? advice , go to a book store and read , have some coffe with . hasan
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the article be write by top class writer and researcher . the photography be perfect and give you a true feeling of the surroundings . a must for any nature or history lover .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	receive first issue of this magazine and be surprise that it be not the regular magazine size it be more of a pocket size . great size for travel with .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you really want to read this magazine , DO NOT subscribe . just buy it from Barnes and Noble . I purchase a year and receive four issue . four . I have not see a issue in six month . the magazine be very artistic . it be large like Rolling Stone use to be . very nice fashion photograph and interview on art and fashion . too bad the company blow .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I subscribe to this magazine for a short time . I be interested in the conservative perspective on political issue . I get bore with the magazine after a few week .  though I do not often disagree with the political view present , I find most of the essay far too short and lack in-depth discussion of either current event or the conservative slant . I would personally prefer a magazine that be more unabashed about go into great detail about the why of issue and event , something that spend more time explain and defend its position . the writer for the Weekly Standard seem to take it for grant that they reader be in complete agreement with they , and bypass argument , effectively go straight to conservative vent about political issue . there be a place in the world for publication like this , but it be not quite what I have in mind .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	$ 15 for a year 's subscription at the national geographic mag site . go there and buy it . one star for Amazon try to get you to shell out the extra dough . - Karl
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I can not go a week without my Weekly Standard -lrb- well maybe the 2 week they seem to take vacation in the summer -rrb- I would recommend it to even my liberal friend -lrb- if they be open-minded enough to read it ! -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be amazing . it give a lot of information and picture for everyone to enjoy . I really enjoy look through the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I cant believe that people be buy into this crap . pop artist and celebrity be worthless ! I hate all of they , and besides , they dont like you , so why should you like they ? hmmm ? Celebrity worship be very unhealthy , and unless its Dave Mustaine or Eddie Van Halen or somebody like that that you idolize , then you be just waste you life . who care about gossip or a few picture of that overrate as hell skank Paris Hilton ? if you buy this you be contribute to the downfall of America just like George Dubya , you would not want to be a dumb-f \*\* k clown like Dubya , would you ? read this be the equivilent of stick you head in a burning fireplace .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine , great article fantastic quality picture and article , very inspiring . this be a great magazine at newstand price , but at amazon price it be a no brainer .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I enjoy and look forward to my monthly National Geographic . I only wish it be longer . the photography be amazing and the article be both educational and interesting . from science to social and cultural issue , I be always grateful to learn from they talented writer .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I always learn something new from this magazine . and if I do not learn something , my son do , my husband do or my daughter do . this be full of gorgeous picture , interesting article and lot of information . I think it be a bit overpriced and sometimes the article be a bit dull and dry . that be why I rank this a high four\/low five star . overall , if I could only get one magazine ; this would be one of the top contender . well worth the money . enjoy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I use to be a subscriber and a avid reader . recently , perhaps in the last two year or so , the quality of the writing have become rather poor . the selection of article be uninteresting , and sometimes half the article themselves be so poorly write as to be unreadable . the fiction be simply mediocre , and the entire magazine seem to be infect with editor Lewis Lapham 's shrill and ever-growing notebook -lrb- do the man ever have anything interesting or original to say ? -rrb- . in short , Harper 's be not the magazine it once be . I would suggest the Atlantic monthly if you want a magazine that be interesting , informative , and well-written , cover to cover .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order Natiuonal Geographic for both we son and daughter-in-law and for ourselves through Amazon . the price be right -lrb- considerably less than through the magazine itself -rrb- and the subscription service be expedient . we start recieve the magazine shortly after subscribe . we be totally satisfy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this magazine as a gift for my daughter 's friend -lrb- I order it for my daughter a few week later -rrb- the order be place on April 9th and as of today it have not arrive . the delivery estimate be now May 29th , but when I order it , it say 6-8 week . that seem like a long time to I , but now we be look at twice that .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	useful for specific purpose : Restaurant rating and review , `` top xx whatever '' etc. . just do not pay more than $ 12 a year , the `` rack rate '' the publisher offer .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be a fan of National Geographic and be look for a great subscription price , you can not beat this price to get this great publication for one year . less than half the price through National Geographic ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe in December 2009 . it be now February 2010 and still no sign of this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	under the supreme tutelage of Editor Lewis Lapham , Harper 's Magazine consistently churn out intense , dramatic , sincere , frightening , uplifting , and challenging commentary . if other in the media censor they opinion in the face of big brother , Harper 's make up for it with brutally honest assessment of culture , politics , and world affair .  at first look , Harper 's seem a leftist publication , but if you read it a little more carefully , it be a lot more Mark Twain than Karl Marx . I would call it centrist , but even that imply straddle the center between two extreme . like Twain , Harper 's be more of a somewhat irascible , yet always care voice on the outside , not on one end of the spectrum or another , but rather on a different spectrum altogether .  the attitude be egalitarian , never pompous . the voice be reasonable , if sometimes angry or alarmed . Harper 's be definitely not a liberal magazine in the sense of marxist socialism . Harper 's be liberal in the sense of jeffersonian liberalism . it be opinion seem more focus on improve local culture and economy and challenge the demagogue and central planner who seek to control the mass , be they Democrat or Republican . perhaps Harper 's be the Jim Jeffords of the magazine world .  Harper 's be a eloquent and impassioned magazine that deliver carefully construct and inventive view of the world each month . there be a overriding sense of seriousness and genuine compassion find in every issue . in a world where so many media source be merely parrot for a larger corporate or political agenda , Harper 's stand out as a autonomous voice of indignant opposition to censorship and blind nationalism . if you care about the world we all inhabit and genuinely want to discover how we might all get to a better place , give Harper 's a read . it may not provide the answer , but it certainly raise all the right question .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Chicago magazine be once a wonderful resource to I as a Chicagoan ... but not now . hip , savy and younger -lrb- 25-40 -rrb- be no longer the target audience . for over two year this magazine be my main resource for learn about , event , restaraunt , club , opening . now , this magazine be just a glorified version of the Chicago Tribune ... it be owner . both the magazine and the paper will have the same information for `` hot new club '' , `` great eat '' , 10 thing to do under $ 40 . it be a rip off for those of we that live here and those travel here . but even worse it tend to focus on the suburb . if Chicago be not a thrive , wonderful city ... no one would want to live here .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	by far the best photographic magazine on the planet ... a must have for any world traveler or photo junkie . a beautiful magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I grow up on read National Geographic . the photograph in the magazine have always be nothing short of spectacular . I also be a big fan of its tv special and now the cable channel . my favorite issue of the magazine have always involve animal , especially marine life . they concern for the environment be obvious but the magazine also cover people who have to live off the land like the indigenous people in the Artic . there be always two side to every story . I also enjoy read about other culture from around the world , like Japan and China . after read this magazine for over two decade , I find myself still entertain by National Geographic . the photograph and article be consistent and interesting . it be a timeless treasure to be enjoy for generation to come and should teach everyone to respect each other and this planet .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Came in the mail fast . Love National Geographic ! this be a gift for my son . he be really enjoy the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I receive my first issue soon after I place the order , much quicker than I normally expect for other magazine subscription . and , Vogue , of course , be the best of the many fashion magazine out there . dedicate to talk about `` fashion '' , not just `` clothes '' .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	guidepost be something like a the reader 's Digest for christian , only better . a variety of article and letter from and about people of faith .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	very good magazine ; keep you up to date . Photography and article be outstanding and not fluff !! ~ i recommend it highly
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	#This magazine be really cool . it have celebrity gossip , embarass moment , and more ! but I recently get they summer fashion issue , and it have article like `` sexy and Skanky . '' I think that kid under 11 should not get this mag because it have article like that . though my friend Alyssa get it , but she a mature 10-year-old -lrb- ok that not true all the time -rrb- otherwise its a good teen magazine , and it be way better than m ! I read it all the time now when I go to the store ! but parent be warn : you probably will not want kid 10 and under read this . thanks for read ! #
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I plan to call and have my subscription cancel . this magazine be way too mainstream for my family and also do not offer anything fresh or different from any of the other `` parenting '' magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	a friend once say to I , `` if you want a glossy that be a no brainer then get Vogue ! '' how right she be , despite have glorious photography , fashion model that dare not stand sideways or you would not be able to see they and the occasional good article in it , I have to admit I find Vogue too pretentious . vogue want to be the voice of fashion , the voice of the high brow media but its clientele be the likes of you and I , ordinary people who can not afford to live the high life they be portray on its gloss fill page . personally I would rather spend my money on a movie ticket , I get to see a good thriller , sci-fus , romance etc , etc I do not have to know about the substence abuse and emotional demon that haunt a particular actor 's life , I be just interested in enjoy myself for a couple of hour before I go back to my hard work life in the real world . vogue be try to sell I a dream that I do not really want to buy into , never have a penchant for sell my soul to the devil , it be get two star though because the photography be really superb , shame about the rest of it though .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe to Kiplinger 's Retirement Report several year ago , but decide to give it a try again . the magazine , if that be what you call a 20 page publication with 4 page devote to one page ad , be write for individual who be in or near `` the end of life '' stage . the article deal with conserve the money you have , provide interest rate that be not even close to the highest insured rate available . they never give idea for travel or thing to do outside of you home or with grandchild . the best and only section I ever get any thing from be the question ask by reader section and that be keep to one page . I guess the Editors feel there be no point in expand the one good section this brochure do have . I would recommend you save you money and not subscribe to this publication . I suggest , instead , you subscribe to a real magazine with information you can use every month Kiplinger 's Personal Finance a much superior publication for half the price .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I pick this up at the hair dresser 's to read while I be wait for the perm to do whatever it be that the perm do ... the cover say that there be some article inside on `` how to drive he wild in bed '' and `` 6 way to lose 10 Pounds today !! -lrb- and still go out tonight -rrb- '' . whatever . well , I never do find any of those article , or any other write on any topic , other than eyeliner , or tampon ad , or ` Buffy , the Vampire Slayer ' or a ZILLION other advertisement . and this be a HUGE magazine , what 500 page or something . I finally give up and read the National Enquirer , which at least have article and do tell I how to drive my dog wild outside tonight !!!  at least it keep the Postal Service in business .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	J-14 magazine be my ultime favorite magazine . it have alot of great feature such as Cool Combacks , Embarassing Moments , Horescopes , Truth or Dare , Quizzes , celeb gossip and free glossy poster . not only that but it be also a positive magazine , not negative like some teen mag be . it also have some great advice on hoew to talk to you crush or how to deal with other issue in teenage girl life . I would highly recommend this mag to any girl age 12 and up . you will not regret it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be truly outstanding ! it be very informative and only rarely make mistake ! I love the indepth and informative article that they provide . I also love the way that they always have such clear and beautiful picture and there be no shortage of they either ! I also love the fact that all of the article be in line with mainstream science .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be fill with ad and the article be rarely very interesting -lrb- unless you make million -rrb- . not worth my precious time !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I like science fiction . a lot . after receive several issue of this I can now say , `` this do not suck , but it really be not all that good . ''
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	well it be just not for everyone . but if you be 11-15 I highly reccomend this to you . this magazine be clearly for girl who be girly and like to read about celeb and get poster !!! NOT for GUYS or girl who like to read the intellectual law of science . I be almost thirteen -lrb- I will be next month : -rrb- and I think this mag be totally awsome ! and ya wanna know why ?! because not only do it have celebrity gossip -lrb- hilary duff eating too much cookie dough say what ?! -rrb- but there also news about when you favorite artist ' new cd be come out ! the people I know who do not like this magazine live in the bad side of town in a wicked crappy appartment with druggy 's nextdoor or maybe they live in a trailer park ?? I be just say that all those people who write those one star review sound like they dont really have a life - no offense but I do and maybe this magazine help I live it - okay ??? parent ; buy a subscription for you daughter today !! thanks for you anticipated cooperation \*\* HAVE A NICE DAY \*\*
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have always enjoy the National Geographic . I have order it as a gift before and now this one be just for I ! they arrive promptly .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Acoustic Guitar magazine be O.K. it 'll give you a few page of musical idea and accompany tab to try . I subscribe for a year -lrb- I have be play acoustic for 4 year -rrb- before I let my subscription lapse . why do I let it lapse ? well , for starter , the lack of a good digital edition be a factor . but more important , like all publication , Acoustic Guitar depend on advertiser for its existence . naturally , it feature review of guitar , accessory , electronics , etc. , in every issue . but , unlike in more reputable publication , these review be worthless , because they be always good review ! every guitar have a nice warm sound . every accessory would be a great Christmas gift . can you imagine if movie review be write this way -lrb- focus only on the good thing , and ignore the problem ? -rrb- Ebert would be give every movie two thumb up . or , if Consumer Reports rating every product the same -lrb- everything be a Editors ' choice ! -rrb- . the bottom line : Acoustic Guitar Magazine be a shill for its advertiser , plain and simple . -lrb- this problem seem pervasive in the music world . while Amazon be great and allow negative review , other online music store do not allow negative review . -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	receive only one issue for a one-year subscription , and nothing in the follow three month . I contact the customer service and be tell that my subscription be cancel due to a system error . the refund will appear in one to two billing statement of my credit card -lrb- I hope -rrb- . what if I do not catch that error ? be they go to just take the money and do nothing ? this be disgusting and dishonest . never subscribe any magazine from they again . Update : never receive that refund .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	one photo on 12 , 2009 . in the article another tibet , a picture of local disco be obviously fake . look at the face , just some stupid actor . it be not real . there be no equipment in that disco . the door be not the disco should have . these door must be anti-fire , then they can get the permit to run business . as a person have 20 year experience living there , this fake photo be unacceptable . you should be ashamed .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	one of the best magazine out there for sure . start recieve it year ago . it take you all over the world , and give you such amazing article and picture . you really feel like you be travel through it . I find this magazine broaden my spectrum on the world . it be so easy to forget about all the other place , people and culture out there . this be a amazing reminder about all the amazing people in we world and the place they live . a great education .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I be a noodler as far as guitar playing and I use to like `` Play Guitar ! '' by this publisher until they do away with it . anyway , I take out a subscription to these guy 's mag and pretty much enjoy it most of the time . still miss Play Guitar ! though . man . the problem I have with this mag be there be not enough basic stuff in it for I and it be really , really expensive . also it do have a lot of fingerpicking stuff that it seem like entire issue be dedicate to . that be not all bad though . plus all the equipment review seem to be positive . I have go to Guitar Center to checkout some of the equipment that be review and in my very amateurish opinion find they to be junk which have make I lose confidence in the magazine equipment review . I will not re-subscribe right now simply b\/c it be just too expensive for I . oh - though - the online lesson be pretty cool . come down on the price and I will gladly go for it again , even though I can not use every issue to my advantage .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	... a day of great joy . this be the most recent of my magazine -lrb- re -rrb- - discovery , and one that I be quickly discover it difficult to be without . it provide wit , thought-provoking material , and the odd bizaare classify advertisement -lrb- nothing like a offer for free material on forthcoming alien invasion to brighten my day -rrb- . the editorial staff be deserving of commendation for assemble such literate , thoughtful , and relevant article . though certainly not devoid of bias -lrb- and who have want that , anyway ? -rrb- , it be a remarkable and enjoyable magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	a great read for almost all age . enjoy the contemporary article as well as those of the past . thank you
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	after read the heavy , intense work of apologetic like Scott Hahn and Karl Keating , not to mention intelligent and theologically strong writer such as Patrick Madrid , `` Catholic Digest '' be a nice step to the lighter side . yes , I 'll admit that `` Catholic Digest '' do not have the hardest hit article nor do it always make the reader think much , but it be nice to read a warm , fuzzy story sometimes . it be very similar to `` Reader 's Digest '' in its content , humor , and article style . naturally , it do have quite the catholic edge to it that the other `` Digest '' lack , but I would not go into a theology fight with it tuck under my arm . it be reserve more for those time when we want to laugh a little bit or read about a young child make a difference in they community . in recent issue , there have be a number of nice article on individual who be catholic and in prominent place in society , lay volunteer , Pope Benedict 's life , and Lourdes , France . none of these article be very thought-provoking but they do supply the reader with some nice general information . however , the magazine have also tackle tougher issue recently such as the existence of evil as secular society and christian view it and the real presence in the Eucharist that most non-catholic do not believe . I convert to Catholicism in 2000 . in the year before make my final decision , `` Catholic Digest '' be one of the resource that I pick up . it do not offer too much in the way of solidify my decision to join the Church , but it do make some of bump along the way a little bit softer . not all catholic literature have to be tough and academic . every once in awhile we need a good laugh or just a nice story of human compassion . that be what I believe `` Catholic Digest '' excel in do . I love read the work of Hahn , Keating , Madrid , and other , but every now and then I like to pick my latest copy of `` Catholic Digest , '' peruse the `` words for quiet moment '' or leaf through a short article about a catholic missionary 's work in some arid little town in the middle of nowhere . in other word , it give you a nice little break from the madness that be a christian life .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I read part of the ` Weekly Standard ' each week online . I do not know if that mean I qualify to review the paper as a whole . I find its article informative and straightforward . there be a certain economy about the publication . it seem to I sometimes as if it be a kind of ` Wall Street Journal ' in color . I suppose one reason I do not take objection to it in any serious way be that I most often agree with its politics . when I read its article I feel I be get the most for my money in the short time it take I .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Bird Watchers Digest be in my opinion a must have magazine for anyone that have any interest in bird . from the backyard feeder to the world traveler observer , bwd have enough content in all area to satisfy anyone particular interest , on any level . there be even a regular section in each issue dedicate to back yard birding . it be not a magazine that be at all snobby and consider back yard novice peasant . on the other hand , it be also a very technical and educational periodical for those that be advance enough to actually take advantage of the many world wide travel suggestion and deal that be offer throughout the book . I first pick up some bwd back issue on Ebay and enjoy it enough to order a regular subscription . I be particularly impress by its compact size , similar to reader Digest . it can be easily carry along in a purse or bag for travel , and of course it make a perfect addition to you bathroom library . the only caution that I would suggest to anyone that decide to buy a subscription be to pass on the offer of the digest newsletter that you can subscribe too for every other month that BWD be not offer . at $ 16 a for 6 issue it be not worth it at all . its a very thin , -lrb- about 10 page -rrb- pamphlet style publication that have as many ad in it as helpful info . its a rip off in all honesty . I let my own subscription to it lapse after the first year . you be much better off subscribe to the bwd email that be send out periodically that be free , and load with article highlight and helpful info . overall I highly recommend bwd for all bird enthusiast on all level . I think you will find yourself look forward to each and every issue ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic consistently provide great in depth article . the photograph be amazing . I have have the magazine in we house since i be a child . I always look forward to the next one .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be really the best way to go with magazine subscription . I love get they and through Amazon they have become super affordable . also , they remind I electronically when to review -- much easier for I than send mail . -lrb- though I love get mail -rrb- . also , the price be super hard to beat ! and lastly , I make a mistake when order a magazine subscription for a friend and order several supscrition for one friend of the same publication . be not able to rectify the problem through the Amazon site so I call the magazine subscription on the phone . yay ! a real person who as able to take care of the my mess up order . he as fast , thorough and friendly . Pretty much order all subscription for myself and friend through Amazon now . hard to beat the price too . C. Hinds
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	everyone know National Geographic be educational , but its also very interesting and always a intriguing read . I love get this in my mailbox !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have always be take aback by the ammount of `` worship '' these insignifigant individual -lrb- celebrity -rrb- receive . let just lay the truth out on the line ; lindsay lohan have a dysfunctional family . hilary duff be a spoil brat . jojo have race issue . justin timberlake be pervert and egotistical . jessie mccartney be a flash in the pan 15 minute idol with no talent . pari hilton have a IQ level so low I could add it up on one hand , and wilmer valderama be not funny . j-14 , however , do not see it that way . instead of printing something with substance , they resort to celebrity kissbutt tactic , stalk these people for every aspect of they life and print it alum j-14 's `` lindsey lohan get a haircut '' . be you serious ??? who care ! if ever there be anything j-14 care about more than celebrity , it would be `` attract boy '' . I be sorry , but I do not think I want my pre-teen sister be tell to dress like a tramp and act totally different to attract a boy who see right through she anyway . it be madness . j-14 be junk , plain and simple , and with the help of mtv , vh1 and the-n , it will continue to infest and polute the mind of we young one . seriously kid , it be time to get a life . hilary duff do not know you , and she never will . the fact that you know every aspect of her life be all the more reason to take a good hard look in the mirror and re evaluate yourself . they want you to ignore what really go on in favor of celebrity gossip , and they get what they want . you should be ashamed .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order Harper 's from Amazon nearly a year ago and I have come to treasure each issue for its unique blend of essay , art , and literary criticism . my subscription have become a de facto extension of my liberal art education , as the magazine 's page be grace with politics , history , literature , and the art .  each issue feature a essay from editor Lewis Lapham , a essayist of the same caliber as Gore Vidal . Lapham 's style and vocubalary be extraordinary , and he writing be often lace with bite satire .  the magazine be illustrate with contemporary art from gallery across the United States , and include informative feature like the `` Harper 's index '' and the `` reading '' section -lrb- garner from document in the public domain -rrb- . each issue usually include two serious book review , sometimes stretch across several page of small , dense type .  a subscription to this indispensible magazine will enlighten and entertain , equip the reader to understand the contemporary world .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I be one of those people who love spoiler , the more the merrier . if anything , I think it could use more spoiler , and less article about they and they house , or thing like that , lol .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Analog Science Fiction & Fact  -lrb- $ 1.63 a copy -rrb- or , if you only want Analog , or Asimov 's , 12 copy of either will cost you $ 21.97 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	i think j14 should be for kindle fire because i like read on my kindle and i wish amazon would let j14 be on kindle fire thanks ~ briana
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	i really like the magazine and all ... it have great issue and story . story . i think some of the article be make up though . especially page deal with celeb . some of its ard to believe . i know those page be suppost to be hard to believe , but some be just over the limit . otherwise , if you enjoy be entertain this way go for it . : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	finally , I have find a magazine that keep my mind active long after I have set it down . each month I discover a deeper understanding into today 's issue and look at thing with a new perspective thanks to the thoughtful word in Harper 's . I recommend this magazine to anyone look to learn more about we country and the vast world around we .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Bottom-Line : I subscribe to `` Interview Magazine '' but I will not be renew my subscription . I have be make a conscience effort of late to expand my horizon , to get out of -lrb- magazine reading -rrb- comfort zone . to that end I have cast my reading net out from the usual news rag , and start read a new diverse set of magazine , include Esquire , Ebony , Business Week , US , People , Popular Science , Jet , Car & driver , essence , laptop magazine , Travel & leisure , cook , and `` Interview Magazine '' , just to name a few . for a person like I who usually frequent the aforementioned news magazine , `` Interview Magazine '' be like a culture shock . first off the magazine be large ; larger in fact than any magazine you might find on the newsstand or in the local chain book store with the exception of Rolling Stone . second the magazine be print on thick paper stock , which have a gritty feel to it ; say good-bye to glossy and hello to matte and muted color . `` Interview Magazine '' feature advertisement , wall to wall advertisement ; the interview with up-and-coming and established celebrity intersperse throughout the page of the magazine seem almost coincidental . I be currently read the April 2007 issue , with a large invite picture of Liv Tyler on the front cover . to the magazine credit it do try and cover the full spectrum of entertainment from fashion to music , from art to the movie and place in between . most of the interview -- especially those do on up-and-coming star and starlet 's -- be mere snapshot of the person personal and or professional life ; there be little sink my proverbial intellectual , or even mildly interested tooth into . there be just enough there to try and goad I into find out more . the in-depth interview be a lot more fulfil ; most of these be do by other celebrity ; for instance in this issue Rose McGowan be interview by Quentin Tarantino , and Liza Minnelli interview musician Gerald Way . past issue have follow this same formulum , with mostly good result , mean I have enjoy the interview and image . but the one huge downside to `` Interview Magazine '' be its slavish devotion to advertising . in fact the first 50 page of this issue be devote to wall-to-wall cut edge , youth-inspired clothing and fragrance advertising . the masthead of the magazine be stick somewhere with this advertising soup , but the table of contents do not show up until one third of the magazine be leaf through -- very annoying ! not only that , but every celebrity image be accompany by a solid paragraph on who make what they be wear , who style they hair , who do they make-up , and incredibly , what fragrance they happen to be wear during the shoot ! be this a example of advertising run amok , or be I be far too sensitive and demand in want `` Interview Magazine '' to at least be a magazine and not a run-on poster board for the chic and impossibly unfettered youth of America -lrb- New York City -rrb- and Europe be wear ? but so many magazine follow this advertisement-on-every-page formulum ; be this the new norm , and should I get use to it ? I could in `` Interview Magazine 's '' case if most of the writing be not so rush and devoid of substance . this be something I allude to above ; sound-bite have they place , but not inside the cover of a magazine name `` Interview Magazine '' , where I at least expect to learn something more about a artist than where they be discover , they age , or how often they frequent Starbucks . it be call substance and `` Interview Magazine '' just do not have enough to justify its larger than life existence . I subscribe to `` Interview Magazine '' but I will not be renew my subscription ; in this case my bid to broaden my horizon find a mostly vapid landscape full of waste paper , muted color , and questionable prose .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	about a month ago we order a subscription for J-14 magazine for my child . we have not receive the magazine . I be start to think we will never receive the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I own three business and consider myself a entrepreneur . I find it very inspirational to read the account of new business start-up and this magazine deliver with that type of story . the current issue , June 2012 , have a excellent article on Richard Branson , a entrepreneur extraordinaire . however the magazine be just as likely to profile very small new business and in some case will have `` expert '' weigh-in on what they think the prospects be for that business . sometimes there will be article on great smartphone app that be available for the person on-the-road all the time . or maybe office furniture review . you 'll find tip on how to finance you start-up and then maybe how to save for retirement . it be a great magazine for the business-minded individual . I really enjoy it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	do not read this magazine if you be expect unbiased reporting and truly independent viewpoint . for example , Philip Morris Inc. be the top advertiser in Harper 's . not once in the last ten year have there be a in-depth feature critical of the tobacco industry . anti-smoking ad have even be withhold from the magazine in order to allow for `` competeitve separation '' from tobacco advertisement . can you , then , resonably expect honest reporting from these guy ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	same thing . I have not recvd the 1st issue yet . it look fine from the cover I have see and I have read it in the past . but I need to actually receive it to rate it properly .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	how can i contact this magazine ? need to know which magazine i m get . that be the only thing bad i find out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I be expect something a little different , but it be still informative . the franchise list could do a little more exposure and on the front page .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I purchase a subscription for National Geographic as a gift for my husband two year ago . as it turn out , we be both enjoy it . if he want to read it first , he have to be quick about grab it when it come in the mail . so much to learn in every issue . beautiful image and wonderful graphic . I have now purchase  National Geographic Kids
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a truly great magazine . fascinating article , and of course , the most beautiful photo of people and place . very interesting and educational from cover to cover . I think this should be require reading for all Americans .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	ok . for those of you who continue to believe that New York be the center of the United States , Hell , the world , who forget the map CNN keep flash with the two different color after the election that MIGHT infer there be several school of think about the polycentric view of the US , for those of you who can take a little criticism from the midwest , the dark state , middle earth , the Elba of the 21st century , you be not . there be a whole world out here . people have job . yes , it be true . we work , send we kid to school , even go to church on Sundays . and on other day too . we vote . oh , yeah , you already know that . so have a interview with a actor who go on about how he meditate , be a vegan and think about tree and bird when he have a particularly stressful scene with ashley or uma or Diane , you know , it just do not carry a lot of weight with the serf . but ... it be a great magazine . Andy live . Photography be tight and realistic . the ad be sexy and provocative . the sidebar interesting and insightful . it be wordly . it cover music as well as r . it be -lrb- do not get all rile up now -rrb- a fun magazine to read . however , the interview which we be lead to believe be the heart and soul of the magazine , seem to be along the line of ` damn , it be so good to be I and I guess you be ok too . ' or , ' I see you be wear a $ 15,000 Versace with a plunge neckline and ... you have select old , black , Converse All Stars to wear with it ! how Noveau ! how tasteful ! ' come on . where be the bite ? where be the interview with Alex Rodriguez that say ` how come you go to therapy ... it be only New York ? ' or with Marv Alpert ` hey what be on you fashion agenda now ? ' Chris Berman from ESPN say he be on Maui a couple of year back and he be walk with he kid one dawn and he run into Steven Stills with he kid . now that be a conversation I would have like to hear , not one that end up with I think the two party to the conversation -lrb- it sure be not a interview - see Columbia University 's interview 101 in they school of journalism -rrb- be off to pick out furniture . it be New York . show you tooth . Flex . 5 star . Larry Scantlebury
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's be a terrific magazine . do not however , DO NOT , buy this magazine from Amazon !!! here be why : the WAIT . normally , when a person buy a magazine subscription , they get the first magazine the follow month . AMAZON take 4-5 month !!! I buy this subscription for my father whose birthday be in August . he call I in October to sheepishly ask where the magazine be . after complain , Amazon say they would get it there by November . HUH ???!!! now , I just get a email say they make a error and it would now ship sometime in JANUARY !!! oh , but they be nice enough to make it up to I by offer I a free subscription to Inc. magazine !!! WTF ???!!! what do Inc. have even remotely in common with Harpers ?! I call Amazon customer service to cancel my order . after I post this , I be go to do what I should have do four month ago : order Harper 's from Harper 's . caveat emptor !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a very informative magazine that keep you up to date on the latest technology involve diabetes , include oral medicine , insulin , meter , pump , etc. . lot of helpful tip and article to help you battle the disease .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	while I love its sister Vanity Fair I be not crazy about Vogue . First of all the advertisement be too many and I do not find the article as interesting . sometimes they stay for a few month on my bedside table until I get to read the one or two article I want to read per issue because they be not a priority and most of the time I have more interesting thing to read . since the subscription be not expensive I be glad I get it for one year to sample the magazine . if you be consider a subscription I would look at a couple of issue first before decide to commit to a subscription . I have look at Vogue Paris at the bookstore and I like it better than the US version . the only issue I really like be the fashion issue although I wish some item of not super expensive clothing could also be include .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a NatGeo junky . my collection of this magazine span four decade . this publication be magnificent for many of the reason that have already be state . if human be to send a capsule into deep space so that a alien culture might come upon it and learn something about the Earth and it be inhabitant , many have suggest that the capsule contain the entire National Geographic collection - 1888 to the present . in what other publication can you find fascinating article , map , rendering and photo on Pterodons , a frog epidemic , Lewis & Clark , the Hubble space telescope , and balinese culture - and all this in a single issue ?! it truly be the Universal Encyclopedia . answer accusation : the magazine report on `` the world and everything in it '' as honestly and evenly as any publication could hope to do . in the past decade , many of Geographic 's story have focus on imperil species , culture or ecosystem . these be hugely important issue that we should be proud to learn about . I get incense when people accuse the magazine and its editor of be political -lrb- leftist -rrb- . every article -lrb- I have read every issue since 1961 -rrb- which concern the environment explore both side of the issue at hand - the need of people and the impact on the planet . the Magazine have not become more liberal in the past 4 decade , the world itself have become a more impoverished place as the we number have soar past 6 billion . this magazine get my absolute highest recommendation . I wish that everyone out there would subscribe to and collect National Geographic . not only will they become a ornament on you bookshelf or coffee table , but you 'll be wiser and more worldly after immerse yourself in they , as well .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for all man who love : look at woman in beautiful clothes ; the magnificently sculptured face ; the exquisitely-shaped calf whose endpoint be the tip of the high-heeled shoe ; the Nordstrom painting ; and the ingenuity behind the advertisement ... . the March edition , currently on the stand now , and describe as the biggest spring issue ever , be by far the best one ever put in print . the fashion be best describe by geometry ... . its contents be the perfect reflection of the attitude , aesthetics , and severity of the twenty-first century .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be nothing more fun than read the collection of science fiction and factual article that come every eight to ten week in Analog . if you love science fiction ... subscribe . great reading . oh , there be some clunker , but overall ... this be a great mag .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you can help support the cause by go to the american Diabetes web-sight and you not only get this magazine but you also get a year membership in the american Diabetes Association ! at the SAME COST !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	always article of interest or intertainment . full of fashion , style , as well as jewelry . if you love the Santa Fe or South West , this be it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interview be a small magazine with big ambition . all the latest news in entertainment , fashion , and politics can be find within it be colorful page . the photography be amazing , and grand in scale , although the magazine be packed full of ad -lrb- which be equally as colorful I might add -rrb- . this be not entertainment weekly - interview be the indi-film of magazine , and the people and film it cover be not usually those find in typical magazine . instead of focus on the actor du jour , Interview cover the up & come , the soon to be , and the undiscovered . the interview format be fascenate and unique , as most be do by celebrity , of celebrity . if one be look for typical hollywood gossip , Warhol 's masterpiece be not for they . at such a cheap price , Interview be a gem that be yet undiscovered by many . I highly recommend it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this mag be great ! I love ABC soap . my college class make I miss most episode , and although I try to tape they all I miss some . ABC Soaps in Depth keep I up to date on everything go on in Llandview and Port Charles . it also have a bunch of candid pic of the actor . I highly reccomend it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	my only complaint be that I find way too many ad . they should only use full page ad and add more content .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you like 2 know what up in star life 's than check out this totaly star terrific book !!!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I know these book be trash . I buy they for poster . I be 14 and the only time i actually read they be at my camp when it be rain . plus , that be a tradition , to buy trashy , cheap , fill with strictly gossip information and read they and see how low people can go . I mean look at Kate and John Gosselin . = -lrb- oh well .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I use to really like this magazine , but it seem to be go down hill very rapidly now . it be about half the size it use to be , and contain way too much advertising . I suspect that the reason be that Stephen J. Gould 's column be what make the magazine so popular , until he quit write it before he die . I will definitely be let my subscription expire .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	okay , they publish my new book : work positive in a negative world . and I love Jere , Karen , Leanne , Jillian and the rest of the dream team on the book publishing side . but I promise this be more than self-aggrandizement here . I have yet to remember when I first start read this magazine . yes , it be that long ago . if you truly want to achieve a work positive lifestyle start today , go to the website and get a magazine subscription . read every word in every edition . you will discover the answer to every question you 'll ever have about start and run a business ... include how to work positive in a negative world .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband use to buy magazine every month at the store at 5.99 a pop ! Amazon have a great sale on magazine over the holiday so I decide to get he some subscription as Christmas gift . what a great idea ! not only do he get he Salt Water fix , but we have be save a ton of money by not buy it at the news stand . my husband never forget to get the mail now , and we always have something to look forward to every month instead of junk papers . thank you Amazon for make these subscription so affordable !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	recently purchase National Geo 's yearly subscription through Amazon just for $ 10 with free shipping . . and must say it be worth a buy without make a hole in you pocket . the magazine be load with information and technology issue to keep you update with the world . the only con I feel be the little smaller size of the magazine -lrb- although wont make any difference with the reading ; but could have be better with the larger size -rrb- . still I would strongly recommend this product on grounds of quality and quantity for such a cheap price . . even can be a great gift to give !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	HAVING order NAT GEO for 34 year it be WONDERFUL to be ABLE to ORDER AT A REMARKABLE -lrb- to me -rrb- price . certainly the way to GO when ORDERING subscription , just to to AMAZON.COM ... .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this magazine in Aug & it be almost the end of December & I still have not receive my first issue yet . it be be a month that I have contact customer service and I be still wait for my first issue . I be editing my review . it be now 5 month & STILL no magazine ! they keep tell I to wait & I will receive my first issue soon . they tell I this 3 time already . I do NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING THROUGH here . SOMETHING be DEFINITELY WRONG !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	now now ! before you get mad at I for my `` liberal slant '' comment in the title of this review , let I remind you that I also say it be `` a fantastic publication . '' : - -rrb- no matter what you political stance on hot button issue such as global warming and oil , you have to admit that National Geographic take a liberal stance . be that good or bad ? entirely up to you to decide . but to they credit , they do a very fair job , within the article , of explain and examine all aspect and point of view . I subscribe because like most of we , I have always be a fan of they photograph , but as they begin to arrive in the mail I find myself pore over each and every page , read every issue from cover to cover . I have learn so many wonderful thing about culture and people I will never get a chance to see in real life , and I have educate myself on issue that otherwise would remain a mystery . one of the most enjoyable aspect of have a subscription be the insert that come in almost every issue . my all time favorite thus far have be a composite map of the entire world at night , show natural gas vent , wild fire , and city light across the globe . fascinating ! for the almost embarrassingly low price of $ 49.00 a year I be more educate , inform , and inspire then I be before I subscribe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	in a era of decline journalism , National Geographic shine above all else as a benchmark for quality , and photojournalism . they have recently win multiple ellie 's the equivalent of the Pulizer prize in the magazine industry . each issue include one or two feature article from around the world . while the magazine contain advertisement , they have place ad in the front and back of the magazine so that feature article be not interrupt by a annoying gaudy ad , a practice often see in other magazine . the quality of the photo be simply amazing ; the magazine use a high quality paper to print quality photo not see in any other magazine out there . it be not fair that other reviewer , provide a lower rating for this magazine because it can be find cheaper elsewhere . National Geographic provide a lower introductory rate . however , once you get past the first year , subscriber need to pay the default rate of $ 34 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	the Weekly Standard be not as strong as the National Review . that be say , it be tough to find much wrong with this magazine . furthermore , as it be publish about twice as often as nr , comparison between the two be not just . as for editor , Fred Barnes be about as good as they get . he be a spotlight of cheer on Foxnews , and he be on these page as well . they book review be great and they parody be the first thing you should turn to when you receive a copy -lrb- they be find on the last page -rrb- . as for reporting , I can say without reservation that Matt Labash be the most entertaining investigative journalist in America today ! I love he stuff and it be hard to resist tell you friend about all the thing he observe while he be in the field . he , `` among the Puppeteers , '' be one of my favorite back in 2000 . they have digital access for subscriber only and on Saturday morning they site be the first thing I check for newsworthy article .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be one magazine that be a must have for cut edge idea for the home . I really have enjoy the piece regard space management and furniture that serve multiple purpose . some of the stuff advertise be too expensive to afford ; however , it do provide some excellent idea for interior decorating .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	love this magazine . whish it have more `` how to do '' article though .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a 10 + year Vogue subscriber but this past fall my subscription lapse . I do call to have it re-instated but never receive another issue . upon call customer service , I be advise that a payment be need prior to a subscription be send out . I remind she that I have be a customer for 10 year and that there might be `` trust issue '' Vogue be have these day . what have happen to customer service department lately ? they do not service nor assist I in any way !  InStyle -lrb- 1-year subscription
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy National Geographics for my elderly father over 3 month ago . to this day no magazine have arrive . tired of wait and after a phone call from he , I bar the wait to talk to someone in NG . they tell I that go through Amazon take at least 3 month !!! and that they have ship my order two day ago and it will take 2 week in transport . if I go directly through they it take 1 month .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe it from Amazon in August 13 , 2010 , but I have not receive any single one so far , and today be already Jan 7 , 2011 . do it take such a long time ???
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	what be up with all the people order this on here and not receive they magazine , Amazon ?? this be a fun , `` Tiger beat '' type of magazine ... but it be much better if you actually get the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the only political magazine I will read . it be a great read if one be a conservative , but someone with liberal idea may not care for it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	its a great take along on trip , rather than tote a book . hand it over to friend or school . keep a few issue whith article we use as reference .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be subscribe to j-14 and it be one of my favorite . my favorite part of it be the hair section , page 50 , and the lyric page .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be a regular subscriber of sci fi mag for just about the past 15 yr or so . it all begin with Omni and when Omni fold , I find a a copy of Science Fiction Age . I have be subscribe to it for about 2 year before it fold . I find a few omni-like glossy mag twin thereafter , but they all fold as well . finally , I find the magazine of Fantasy and Science fiction and Analog and have be consistently subscribe to other for the past 10 yr . both of the latter be outstanding ` zine but for I , Analog be the best because it satisfy the craving for hard sci fi and \* fact \* at the same time . if F&SF; & Analog ever have to close up shop then I would hope they would merge because then I would have my hard sci fi , fact \* and \* horror\/fantasy all in a one stop shop .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I purchase a one year subscription to this magazine and while I really enjoy it , I find it to be highly gear toward parent who have adopt internationally . there be article about thing like explain why adopt kid from other country look different , travel back to the child 's country or origin , understand health issue that be more common in certain nationality , etc. . my son be adopt as a toddler from foster care and in most issue , there be very few article that I feel apply to we or to kid who be bear in the US in general .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I purchase this subscription as a gift for my parent . both be enjoy the magazine so much ! it be the perfect gift !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if one be want to learn how to use spice and pepper in they cooking , this book be top . it be however , to expensive for old , fat , bald guy to pay for . a year 's subscription be in its own folder and maybe in the future , I will find a cheaper rate and re-subscribe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I subscribe to Analog last year , and do not renew my subscription . I love hard science fiction . why only two star ? because some of the story be very , very bad . the editor seem to place story that have a good concept , but be write poorly . for good consistent enjoyable reading , may I recommend Fantasy and Science Fiction ? excellent story last year , I never throw it across the room -lrb- that do happen with Analog btw -rrb- , and there be always a story that I go to see if there be anything else to read by that author . update January 2013 - my experience with the year I subscribe to be so poor I still have not try this ` zine again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be a subscriber to this magazine for close to a decade now , and it be one that I be loathe to be without . the article be short , pithy , and be just about always write in a single block - no `` continue on p. 34 . '' I do not always agree with every article or opinion , and I know the magazine have the reputation of be a neo-conservative publication , but for keep up with current event from the point of view of conservative -lrb- and often christian -rrb- it beat the rest . my favorite feature be `` the Scrapbook '' and casual - both usually very funny . I also enjoy the `` Books & Arts '' section - it make hold onto each issue worthwhile , as the review be so good that they be usually re-readable . a subscription to this magazine be a treat !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order the magazine a month ago and have not receive the first issue yet so i can not review it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be a great magazine with condensed version of article from a christian perspective . although it be for Roman Catholics , I be not one and find this magazine to be a great read . it frequently have article about relationship with family and friend . it focus on article that will help the reader to live his\/her faith each day .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	people be always complain about the ad . well guess what , vogue be not a magazine to READ . it be a magazine to look at . and that be my reason for be such a loyal subscriber .  I love fashion , and I love look at the ad , judge outfit and model , compare and contrastiong . I be a aspiring fashion designer -lrb- among many other talent -rrb- and Vogue be my key source to what go into my portfolio . so many ad with high fashion , cut out what you like , arrange , and paste it to show you creativity .  it be all about the clothing . though it sure be a bit degrading . Media image portrayal on woman be depict ; model typically be emanciate and tall symbolize beauty and everything else . be all fashion , Vogue surround this world of the impossible `` ideal '' , from a cover with the ghastly yoga super model Chrity turlington -lrb- who be feature bent in all abnormal way wear a skimpy yoga thong thing . \* intense therepy \* -rrb- to ad with the new `` it model '' . so be carefull not to get suck into the `` ideal '' vogue and fashion promote .  in conclusion . if you just want literature , invest you money in the new yorker .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be think of thinking of subscribe to a science fiction magazine , this be the one to choose ! the writing be of the highest quality that I have see , with writer that be both well-established and just start . the magazine start with cover illustration that be interesting , colorful and relevant to the lead story . each month there be a thought-provoking editorial , a serial , a science fact article -lrb- great one on cold fusion and global warming debate -rrb- and about 4 short-short story . there be also info in the back about SciFi convention , letter to the editor , etc. . you will enjoy the story so much you will have to add a extra bookshelf just to keep you favorite back issue ! -lrb- no , they be not pay I , I just think this be a great mag that deserve support ! -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	both initial purchase and magazine subscription extension be do through Amazon . a little confusing as I recall , but I figure it out . always hope they get the extension date right . magazine be top ! can not beat Amazon 's price when ON SALE .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	my order be place July 13th ... I rcv would the `` July '' issue a couple of day ago ... so I wonder if I 'll get the August issue-b\/c it be already 8\/19\/10 ... and I only get the July issue . I be think my 1st issue would be the Sept. issue since it can take 6-10 week for the 1st issue to arrive . the first issue usually come in a plastic cover ... mine do not have one so I guess they stop the plastic cover ! I call vogue cs-they can not send I the Aug. issue ... and they do not know if I be go to get it-so they just extend my sub . 2 month .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	have be get N.G. , now for 40 year . when I see Amazon have renewal for only 10 dollar instead of the 30 something geographic renew for , I have to snag on it . you would think the long time subscriber would get a better deal than the `` newby '' . anyway still really LOVE Geographic , both article and picture !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love the interview format , which be star interview other star . I particularly like Gladys Knight and Alicia Keyes . how cool ! beware , it be not a slick glossy , but be finish with matte , if you care . the spread be still gorgeous in sort of a smoke-filled-room kind of way . aside from get interview with big time star , they seem to spot and interview people who be on they way up and get to they well before the mainstream media do . prepare to be way ahead of the gossip curve . this be a Andy Warhol pub and it be always far ahead of the time .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	not certain I understand the fuss about National Geographic cover so many international geographic topic and issue .  1 . hello ! the magazine be the journal of the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY . -lrb- you think Scientific American will not cover the Nobel Prize because it be award in Sweden ? -rrb- 2 . geography be about spatial analysis and scale . geographic issue can not be contain within a single formal regional border . -lrb- for example , can you really look at El Paso , TX , without investigate it be relationshiip to Ciudad Juarez right across the border ? -rrb- 3 . my family have be read this magazine for 50 year . it have always cover the entire world , as `` GEOGRAPHY '' mean ' a description of the world ' . 4 . what about newer feature such as zip code , which cover in detail one single micro-region of the US . 5 . to say that it should primarily cover the US be a surprisingly narrow , us-centric view of what really matter in the world . this be the point of view that explain the sad state of complete geographic knowledge in the US .  but enough of that . still the best magazine , not just for we Geography major , but for see how geography fit into the entire academic world . if you want to know how sense of space and place be related to physical and natural science , as well as politics , economics , anthropology and history , this be the best value for the money .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	keep a copy of Vogue in the kitchen , bedroom , and bathroom . one critique though , the page retain puke and gastric juice and begin to smell a little funny after a while . you would think that the sample of Aqua di Gio would cover it up , but no. .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I subscribe to a couple furniture\/design magazine last year , and this be the only subscription I keep . I have Metropolitan Homes , but while it have nice picture , etc it do not have the polish of Dwell . Dwell be a designer magazine , with a heavy focus on typography , great layout , and a overall joy . I have keep every issue and look back at they for design inspiration -lrb- I be a web designer -rrb- . highly recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	dwell have great article about building from all over , I love they forward and green thinking .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	reporter frequently flatter themselves by self-identify as `` writer '' when few do the term justice ; many even fail to stand-up as journalist ; not so with the WEEKLY STANDARD . here you find well-researched and superbly write article of both interest and importance to reader who appreciate quality journalism .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I really love this magazine ! my favorite part be the cool comeback , although some part of it be a waste of paper like hot word from hot star . who care ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be amaze that National Geographic maintain its high quality in article and photography , which be display on good paper . Whenever they magazine be in my mailbox , I sit down immediately to read it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	have not receive a magazine yet . Hope it begin soon . I think it be to start in December , but hopefully it 'll begin in January .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	can I not get the Catholic Digest in Canada ? if so , how
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	first copy come on July 10th , a month after I subscribe . but why be it June ` s issue ? I do not subscribe for outdated copy of the magazine ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this have to be one of the better magazine that feature spiritual and uplifting message . this magazine be perfect for a source of interfaith christian article that be uplight and inspirational . often there be article on famous people who discuss they spiritual life . they have some excellent column and story from other reader . Stories be not too long , and great for a morning devotional .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be look for a review about the national geographic , you have just arrive at the wrong place ! this magazine be so good you need to read no review . just buy one and the addiction will start right after !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Hawaii Magazine be a very good publication for those who have a interest in America 's fiftieth state . this magazine bring the world of the hawaiian island to you home every month , with fact , figure , and photo take from this island chain paradise . one thing about Hawaii Magazine that be different from what you might expect be that it cover more than just travel . when I read this publication for the first time , I be surprise at the contents within . I always assume this be a magazine solely about travel and tourism . while travel , resort , and related topic be a important part of this magazine , they be not the only part . the rest of Hawaii Magazine deal with cultural and native topic . it let you discover the people who inhabit these island . you get to learn about hawaiian custom , holiday , art , dress , and culture . with the emphasis on culture , Hawaii Magazine be a learning experience . the people responsible for the publication of this magazine want reader to come away with a better understanding of what it mean to be hawaiian and to live in this island chain . they want you to think of Hawaii as more than just a nice , warm , sunny place to visit . they want you to learn about the people that inhabit Hawaii : how they dress , how they celebrate event , how they interact with other , etc. . if I have to name a few con to this magazine , they would have to be the publication short length -lrb- less than 100 page per issue -rrb- and its infrequent publication -lrb- every two month -rrb- . other than these negative aspect , most everything else about this magazine make it worthwhile to read . it be a educational lesson on the people and the lifestyle of those we call hawaiian .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	most article be the perfect length for I and all fill with interesting picture . give a good taste of worldwide interior design .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be subscribe to Acoustic Guitar Magazine since December 2003 . I really enjoy every issue in its entirety . it have a variety of section such as : guitar and equipment review , artist interview , Music CD 's review , music to play , guitar lesson , vintage guitar and history , tip , event etc , . advertising be always moderate . I be seriously think to start purchase past issue . good stuff !! indeed a great Guitar Magazine !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	when you get a copy of the american Vogue , the first 5 page at least be full page ad for fashion , fragrance , or whatever else . the table of contents be typically 1-2 page . once you start flip through the magazine , you find the average length of a article be 1\/2 to 1 page long . it be difficult to discern the fashion photo shoot that be part of the actual magazine content from the article themselves . the fashion tip and photo shoot be not base on any real style insight but rather on who have buy sponsorship in the magazine . if you really want to read this magazine , I suggest you flip through it at the library or while wait for a appointment at some office that have a subscription . it will take you less than 30 minute to read the entire magazine from cover to cover and the only thing you 'll be leave with be know that be 30 minute of you life you be never go to get back .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I order this magazine for a class I be take last semester at college . I really do enjoy the article I read in class . my only problem with the magazine be that I never receive it . after call harper about four time I get two magazine from the previous two month , but now I be still wait for both last and this month 's edition . happy reading ... if the magazine reach you !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	good information , fun to read . have subscribe for 40 year . good information , fun to read . have subscribe for 40 year . good information , fun to read . have subscribe for 40 year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interesting , engage , Awe Inspiring and so human . I love this magazine . it remind I everytime of what a amazing and awesome planet we live on with equally fascinating creature and of course human being . it be a spiritual experience without the supernatural bull-s ___ .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Antiques Magazine be a publication make for antique lover and history buff and its page be load with photo of artistic painting , handmade goods , rare picture , and other item of similar nature . it be a magazine for those who love antique and also those who consider themselves historian since many article deal with historical collection of art and antique . this magazine be overflow with antique goods and information . the article contain in this magazine be intend to be visually stimulate in some case , educational in other . they offer history lesson on the art that be popular during a specific era , a glimpse into a art collection at a museum , and more . the article be mean to stimulate the interest of those who already like this subject and they often provide a means to learn more , to discover place to see or purchase some of the featured work , and to develop a appreciation for the craftsmanship that go into make these item . Antiques Magazine be a publication dedicate to creative art and history but one thing that be not very creative be the title of the article . this might surprise some reader at first , but the editor at Antiques decide to get straight to the point in the naming of the featured article rather than try to be creative . the feature thus have title like `` the Eating Utensil Collection '' , `` spanish culture in Art '' , etc. . each title point out exactly what the article cover , leave nothing to the imagination . the writing in Antiques be certainly good and well - edit . but I be afraid that many reader will find the article a little boring . they describe thing well and they usually offer a good history lesson . but they lack spark and readability . I have try to read some article in this magazine and find my eyelid get heavy and my thought drift to other subject . this be why I generally stick with the picture when I glance at Antiques Magazine . I do not bother reading because most of the material do not keep my interest . overall , Antiques Magazine be a okay publication and unless you have a deep interest in antique and they history , you will likely become bored quickly if you try to read the article . but the picture in Antiques be often very interesting . even if you have little interest in read a magazine like this one , the photo alone make it worth a occasional look .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for a little while I be confuse with the article selection . it seem they be pick some piece that be not really about geography , sociology , or history . more like current event . but the last year or two they have be on track with solid story and spectacular photography . I be more impressed with Smithsonian for awhile , but they new format be laughable -lrb- you can read my update 3 star review at the Amazon listing : Smithsonian -lrb- 1-year automatic renewal -rrb- . National Geographic have take its place as top world history\/sociology magazine again . the story may be less flesh out than some other magazine . these guy be definitely about the picture . but the picture usually serve a purpose . they be not just glossy and pretty . look in a recent issue about global warming and population increase in Bangladesh , the picture illustrate the point of the story : the struggle of many impoverished citizen in a country in the grip of climate change . the story have get less ` preachy ' and do not tend to berate folk for not do everything they can to help those in need . instead the story tend to show both outlook on a divide issue without paint one in a bad light . of course , the reader can usually infer from the nature of the story the outlook that Nat Geo favor . it be a highly liberal magazine focus on conservation , but that be what they have be about for year , so it should not surprise anyone . I highly recommend this magazine for those folk look for great story on a variety of topic pertain to nature , history , and people .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	get this mag 4 my daughter , she love it . lot of article and pic of the `` hot '' people of 2day .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be one of the few magazine I read from cover-to-cover . Bird Watcher 's Digest have something for everyone . they offer advice on how to improve feeder system for individual who enjoy backyard birdwatching . they provide informative identification tip for those trickier species for people who have just begin they journey into the feathered realm . additionally , they have great author & astounding birder , like Kenn Kauffman -lrb- who be both -rrb- , who regularly write short article for they . these should appeal to everyone at whatever experience level . the size of the magazine make it easy to tote into the field so you can pull it out & read while wait for that elusive rarity to show up for you to get a quick glimpse of before it dash off to part unknown again . I highly recommend this magazine . besides , you can not be in the field all of the time & this make the perfect thing to read on those cold , wet , rainy day when even the bird be smart enough to stay in-door .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love NG Magazine so I decide to take out a subscription -lrb- which save a lot of money -rrb- the one complaint I have be how they send my first shippment . I subscribe in September and they say it would ship in 10-12 week . so i continue to but the current issue as they be release . in December when they send my forst shippment they send oct , nov , and dec all at once , I didnt care for that . any other mag that I get start from the first actual month that they ship
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	after read my first issue of Harper 's , I feel like I have just spend time with some very intelligent people ... excellent writing .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be use to copy you look from Ethan Allen catalog , DWELL be not for you . if , on the other hand , you enjoy free range creative design that explore new material and constantly work outside the box , you 'll love this magazine . if I have any reservation at all , it would be that sometimes they skimp on the technical detail and lean towards shorter article . you be still only spend $ 20 . a year for thousand of dollar of inspiration as a alternative to McMansion design .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order a month ago still no magazine ... I wasnt aware it take so long for a subscription . I really like vogue magazine I just wish I could get it some time soon to read it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy this magazine as read material for my flight home from Ruzyne Airport in Prague to NYC . this be the first time I ever purchase this magazine . terrible choice . First of all this magazine be not worth the $ 10 + USD I pay for it . it be way too large to do anything with on the airplane and the content be for the lack of a better word boring ! every other page be some chic ad . who buy this magazine ? well I will not be buy it again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	interview be definitely a different type of magazine for I - someone who usually read business and travel mag - and it be not quite what I expect . with a title like `` Interview '' I read my first copy of this magazine anticipate page and page of nothing but interview . it turn out that interview be the main focus of the magazine , but it be not the only one . there be substantial space give to fashion , movie , and other area , too . some of these column be worth a occasional look , but they fail to grab my attention . the writer seem to play it safe , and that include the interview section . they do not ask many daring or controversial question . they keep it simple , ask question about a entertainer 's latest album or movie , without delving much into they personal life . interview have many general annoyance . my greatest complaint be the advertising and the arrangement of the contents . about half of the page in each issue be cover with ad , with fashion , liquor , beer , and hair care item provide the bulk of the advertising revenue . the ad be everywhere , with the majority in the front page of each issue . the table of contents be bury , and I find this very frustrating . the contents start with the interview for that specific issue on one page , then a few page later , proceed to the remainder of the contents , which be the regular monthly feature . what be annoying be that you have to search for the table of contents . it vary from one issue to the next , fall somewhere in the first half . interview also vary greatly in length . some issue be as short as 80 page while other be more than 200 page long . the shorter issue use staple for bind while the longer issue be bind in a more professional way , minus any metal . this magazine center on entertainer , fashion , music , and the like . you will not find any interview with politician , businessman , etc. . interview stick strictly to entertainer , and that include the regular monthly column . you will not find a column about the business side of the music industry or film industry . you will find only article about the star themselves . interview 's only saving grace be the photography . it would make a nice gift for those who enjoy fashion and who like look at page and page of man and woman modeling fancy clothing . but in many way , the photo be overemphasize and there be not enough substance to the magazine . the article be very shallow with more eye candy than read material . overall , Interview be sloppy and cluttered with too many ad to make it worthwhile reading material . my subscription be free , and I be thankful that it be . besides a few nice photo for clothing , there be not much to make this magazine worth the cost .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i really get this for my kid . the photography be fenomenal and intrigue my child into learning and reading .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	be once a stellar magazine and `` family '' style business -lrb- late 1800 's to 2000 -rrb- . since then the quality have decline along with the content in the magazine . revise 4\/2011 now even worse with a left wing political agenda . Discovery be a much better choice !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	be it safe to say that National Geographic be the finest magazine in the world ? ok . I 'll go out on a limb and say it : `` National Geographic be the finest magazine in the world . '' there . I have say it . you simply can not beat the always compelling write about far-off and far-out place and thing , the stunning photography and the unobtrusive design that allow the reader to concentrate on both . bonus : map ! National Geographic usually have a few issue a year that feature suitable for the office wall-type map . who do not love map ? never subscribe ? look for 3-4 long -lrb- probably about 6,000-8 ,000 word -rrb- feature per issue . each feature impecably write , painstakingly research and accompany by those jaw drop photo . this be must-have stuff and it kick the stuff out of another night of tv .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I pick up a copy recently and find the same mind-numbing drivel -lrb- regard salmon in the Northwest -rrb- that can be find at any uber-leftist commune . all slant , even the fact . if the magazine be that far off base on something that I know quite a lot about , how can I trust anything else that it print from part of the world that I do not know ? ... I can not .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	can not be better , a a a a a a a a a a a a mazon ! i love you amazonnnnnnn n n n
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i like it because i can not watch to much tv . no time but i take this in the tub and read and relax no one can bug I then .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	j-14 be cheap and not well write . in my opinion , it focus too much on celebrity and not enough on thing teens age 11-15 really care about -lrb- intellectual one at least -rrb- . unless you really want to know what Britney Spears eat for breakfast every Thursday , skip it and go for seventeen or Girls Life .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the first time I buy j-14 be in 2010 . from there to now it have get from good to horrible ! seriously the story be very shallow , they focus on crush and celebrity . they be boring and I do not recommend it to anyone .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine itself be outstanding . but the service be bad . early this year , they miss send I one issue . I call they , email they , fill form to they . then they email I say that they will issue I the miss issue ... but it never come !!! ca not they just keep they word ?? for all the effect I have put on handle this , I will never order it again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	as always the photography and the map be beautiful . however , somehow my memory of the article in year past be that they be more substantive than what they actually be . I be not sure exactly how to describe it , except to say that it seem LITE and lack weight . I could not get interested in it and that be why I choose not to renew the subscription after one year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great , informative and interesting magazine . it take you all over the world and beyond . great price too .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	O.k. , what indian 's ? sometimes i will will go two mag , before they 'll have a small arctial about a indian artiest , I realy think we can not do anthing ealle ! but we be not arty , and we be not all on a Res . !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I order this subscription in December -lrb- in time for snowmobile season -rrb- . I be tell I would not see a magazine until April . make no sense to I . why do i want to read about snowmobile after winter be over ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a outstanding journal . the article be diverse , informative , and current . other than possibly Scientific American , there be not better journal for the life science .  a earlier reviewer critize the journal for not use the metric system . personally , I do not find this to be a problem with a journal which be primarly qualitative and not quantitative .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have always like National Geographic magazine but have not subscribe for many year . I be very pleased when Amazon offer a great price . I be sure the magazine will provide many hour of good reading for I and my family .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have see many craft magazine come and go . I hope this one go . grant , there be no commercial advertising in it , but pay anything over $ 1.98 per issue would be too much . the craft be mainly useless , juvenile , and lack polish . I purchase my subscription sight unseen because it be through support a local school -lrb- the only save grace to this whole experience -rrb- , but that be a mistake I will not make again . it take at least three month after order it that I finally receive my first issue . I open it with great expectation of find original and practical craft for my home , but be immediately thoroughly disappointed . thankfully , my subscription will be expire soon . if you be a serious crafter , I recommend pass by this one .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	after one year of subscribe , I recommend Harper 's and recently re-up for two year . I would agree with some review that say the writing be uneven , maybe not in quality always - the nature of the magazine be a variety of article cover a broad range of topic , some of which I do not always read . at the same time , this be what I enjoy about the magazine : it be a interesting mix of article and idea that I have not find anywhere else . I read magazine to get away from the computer and Harper 's present a broad range of idea to keep I interested . the fiction and poetry be excellent . artwork be scatter in the magazine that be also interesting . other have mention the ` Harper 's Index ' and ` finding ' section which be collection of statistics and recent research finding that be particularly entertaining for quick perusal . I also read the New Yorker , Atlantic , and Mother Jones and find Harper 's fit nicely with these as it comprise many idea to think upon -lrb- as a swedish friend phrase it -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I always like the National Geographic . a very respectable magazine with great reportage , a lot of interesting cultural and educational material , which can boast the top photographer . either if you like animal or science fiction , technology or social study , you will find some interesting article in each new issue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I download the current trial magazine -lrb- which be -rrb- 250 mb -rrb- , hope to start a subscription on my new Kindle Fire HD . unfortunately , the subscription be so thick with feature that it be hard to navigate smoothly . it be slow and cumbersome to respond ; example : take two swipe to turn a page or play video and the sound be all that come through . picture be beautiful but I do not want this frustration while try to enjoy the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	first issue due to arrive in 6 , yes six week . . I hope ! a little ridiculous in the 21st century . see Newsweek 's fate !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	have just subscribe to 12 issue of Catholic Digest , and have just browse through a free copy , I be truly disappoint . this magazine be not the same magazine that I have subscribe to year ago and that it be not a truly catholic magazine . as a number of other reviewer have point out here , and as some writer to the Editor have point out , the Catholic Digest have change ! the article in this magazine have stray away from the official doctrine of the church . dissident writer like Andrew Greeley , sj , who have openly disagree with the Holy see , have column there . although Pope JPII die on 3 April this year , the May issue of Catholic Digest make not a single mention about the pope . -lrb- only the June issue start have article on jpius . -rrb- instead , the cover story in the May issue be about parish that be be run by woman but `` woman can not be ordain '' and `` lay people be complain that clergy in the Church be all-powerful '' -lrb- ?! -rrb- . truly , if the editor have any honesty leave , they should either change its title or focus , and not dupe faithful Catholics into subscribe to a pseudo-catholic magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	great tip for tweaking you homemade wine . I read each issue cover to cover and learn something with every issue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be lot of good thing to say about Harper 's , but maybe the most compelling be this : it be as much fun to read as the New Yorker -lrb- the short piece in Harper 's be fully equal to the cartoon in the New Yorker -rrb- , but induce barely one-quarter the guilt . a monthly magazine just can not pile up by you bed as quickly as a weekly can . subscribe because it be smart , fun , low-guilt , and inexpensive . at -lrb- a small amount -rrb- for a year 's subscription , you really can not go wrong .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	we have be get the paper version for year , with thorough checking , it be not available on Kindle yet . Time for Kindle , then it can be read on : the kindle ; Mac ; pc ; Linux . open you horizon CBS Soaps in Depth . UPDATE : digital CBS Soaps in Depth be available through Zinio Reader . the Zinio Reader App be available for pc , Mac , Linux -lrb- via Firefox browser -rrb- ; Android and the Kindle Fire , but not the regular black & white kindle reader .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Guidepost be one of the best magazine around . the story be true and inspirational . they give you hope and make you feel good about life . I can never get enough of they . I recommend it for people all the world over .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interview 's get it all : fashion , music , film , people , and it be do the right way . it be visually please , well-written , classy , and ahead of the trend-curve .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	high fashion have become a art form , and Vogue be excellent in its presentation of the latest in woman 's clothes . what disappoint I be that like every woman 's magazine now , Vogue have mostly go to have actress and other entertainer on its cover . for that reason alone , I can not give it 5 star . I wish these publication would be honest about what kind of deal be cut to get the people they have on they cover .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	when I cancel everything else , this will be the bird magazine I keep . BIRD WATCHERS DIGEST be the publication to read if you want the low-down on you favorite bird . for example , I be partial to house wren , and what do I discover in the july\/august bwd , but that my little buddy may be wreck havoc on he much larger neighbor . well too bad , the Wren eat he share of insect everyday , keep my organic garden relatively pest free , so I can not complain . the Wren -lrb- Troglodytes aedon -rrb- article be comprehensive , even show a range map with summer , winter and year round habitat . topic include `` what to look and listen for '' ; `` when and where to look '' ; `` Feeding Behavior '' ; `` courtship and nesting behavior '' a second article `` House Wren : the dark side '' discuss the purported misbehavior of the Wren . both article be fill with informative photo , include shot of the baby wren in they nest . I discover bwd through my old boss who be a `` bow and arrow '' hunter , who spend long hour sit in tree wait for deer . while he wait he observe the bird around he and he say BWD have help he to while away the hour , not only by teach he how to identify the bird but to understand they nature . -lrb- he once fall out of he tree and break he leg . he hobble around for a month after a month in traction . no , he be not read he magazine , he be try to get a better view of a bird !! -rrb- the july\/august issue include a `` Identify Yourself '' section cover `` Shore Birds '' just in time for we annual human pilgrimage to the sea .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Entrepreneur magazine be a great magazine . why do I have to wait two month get my first issue ? I make my order on 9\/01\/08 and I have to wait until 11\/17\/08 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	be not it ironic that a magazine such as US Vogue could not be anymore passe if it try . this have to be the WORST fashion magazine out today . everything from the cover to the editorial be mediocre at best . if you want a real fashion magazine , try Vogue Italia ... much better than its ... american counterpart .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	precisely two thing have prompt I to subscribe to this once great , astonishing journal . 1st , at a very young age , i use to admire at the type of coverage , photo , quality of the paper etc of this book . . so when i see this offer of $ 10 for a yr 's subscription , i jump high up in the air as i think i could relive my old day and also to show case the beauty of this to my 2yr son . but honestly , my son like -lrb- the way i make and essay he the story out of the photo -rrb- it but i feel that it really do not live up to its once renowned reputation as there be too many page of commercial ad -lrb- i can understand the need of it -rrb- with very less , little coverage . . however the quality of whatever be give be still good . finally , but for the more page dedicate to ad , i still rate it good and might continue the next yr as well
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you want a vogue subscription I suggest go to the Vogue website and order from they . my magazine arrive with a tear cover , warped page , and basically look like garbage . Fine . thing happen during shipping and I understand that . I have send they a polite request for another unblemished copy and have yet to receive a response . upon receipt of a pristine copy of the October 2011 issue , I will happily delete this review . until then , I recommend not buy from this seller .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	on January 19th , I order this subscription as a gift for my niece . it be exactly a month later , and she have receive no notification that she be go to receive the magazine . I be aware that the magazine would not arrive for several week , but in year past , notification have be send out by magazine to inform recipient of the upcome subscription . I give Harper 's the benefit of the doubt when I give 3 star ... since I have yet to see any sign of a subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be encourage at first but it be not design to be the ultimate resource but rather a catalog . I do recommend it for those under the age of 20 or 16 if ambitious as something to read for 2-3 month . I feel many of the article be contradictory and leave the reader feeling confuse over time . it be obvious that the magazine strongly favor franchiser since they be a main revenue source . there be nothing wrong with franchise but just because one business do well in Alaska do not mean it will do well in Omaha . the franchise rating be too general to be apply nationwide . for location base company do not start one unless you can start three or more from the beginning . this way you can get proper management , advertising and overall economy of scale . if someone be sick at one location the business will not shut down . this also mean that Michael Gerber will be proud of you since you will not be sweeping hair or serve fries but rather run the company . I learn this from a woman who have over 120 franchise location with the same co. . she work 15 hour a week and make more than most C.E.O. 's . dream of . this allow here to make additional million a year invest in Real Estate . she employee adore she because she make sure they have the best pay and advancement opportunity in the business . she make it fun . work smart , not hard . it be hard at first to create and follow system but she ego let she delegate . when I meet owner with the same company who have one or two location they be curt and frustrated . the rocket need fuel to launch and it be better to make sure it will work rather than waste money . I see a owner who stare one location lose he beach house because of this failure . he realize he have not think it through . in the magazine one moment a industry be the only business to consider , the next it be a disaster zone to be avoid . it do not sell ad copy but it be better to master a industry long term to discover the best opportunity and wealth . Entrepreneur magazine feel like a endless circle of trendy idea . if the magazine be a truly great they would not be able to print a issue month after month . it be important where you get you advice and world view from . I feel it be far better to find people with similar interest and duplicate they success . I find a retired previous industry leader and duplicated he business plan that cost he $ 5m to create and 35 year of he time . in addition I question how he arrive at he conclusion when many be counter intuitive at first . this information can not be find in a magazine and I promise the top 0.2 % be always the most approachable . I could not believe how nice self make high net worth individual be . when I meet Paula Abdul I honestly feel she be one of the most sincere and sweet person out there . it make complete sense because it be how success last . it do not make sense for entrepreneur to take advice from employee if that be not they goal . a better resource be Success magazine and Ted.com for inspirational and educational video . autobiography be a tremendous source of distinction . it be not the `` how '' but rather the belief and think pattern that get the person to be someone you have hear of . success can come to you in any industry . one of the wealthiest family I have meet make they fortune in paper clip . it be 85 % in the heart and spirit and 15 % the `` how '' . read 2-3 biography and you will see a trend that can be apply well in you own life . call the people and the local time without want anything but to congratulate they and add they to you circle of friend . Start wherever you be with all that you have right now . success be take one step at a time in the direction of you destiny . I wish you great success on all level live a life that be well worth live !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Asimov 's Science fiction be currently the best sf magazine out there . you just need to look at the author that appear there , or if the name mean nothing to you , find out how many of the nominee for the Hugos and Nebulas in the last few year be originally publish here . Gardner Dozois , the editor keep get the award for best editor year after year . or , if award do not convince you , just grab a issue for the best short fiction . you can sample the story -lrb- ... -rrb- enjoy !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I discover this wonderful magazine by chance a short time ago . I wish I have discover it sooner . out of curiosity I decide to read it and it be well worth it . I have read magazine such as Time and Newsweek on and off over the year so I have expect similar article . I be amaze at the outstanding quality of the magazine in comparison to the commoner periodicle . it be like a stallion among donkey . the thought provoke article , review , etc. be a intellectual pleasure to read . I actually feel like I have attain a greater understanding of the world after read a issue -lrb- ... -rrb- . I recommend that you read a issue of this magazine for yourself to see if it really be all I have say it be or if I be just a fool who be overenthusiastic about a periodical .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be one of my favorite magazine . if you want to understand what be go on in the country and the world , you should read Harper 's every month . gutsy , fearless reporting . if you be look for more than corporate - speak reporting and analysis in a magazine , you should subscribe to Harper 's .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have not receive any issue yet for the new subscription to Dwell , but I know from my previous subscription , it be a fine magazine for architect and those who be interested in building in general .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Acoustic Guitar Magazine rise from the ash of the far superior magazine fret . for those of you too young to remember FRETS be a off shoot of Guitar Player Magazine and be a absolute bible for acoustic musician . fret feature contribution by legendary writer like Mark Hanson and cover actual string instrument player regardless of they ability to sell magazine but base on they ability as player and what they offer the reader in the way of education and enlightenment . since its beginning Acoustic Guitar Magazine have only flirt with cover real guitar player and they have never cover GRAMMY winner like Ed Gerhard or international Fingerstyle Champion Doug Smith ! Acoustic Guitar Magazine regularly feature interview with the same tired singer songwriter -lrb- some who play well , some who be marginal guitar player -rrb- and even rock star ... hope to sell magazine to casual passer by at magazine rack I guess . recently they do feature a player Andy McKee , but he be something of a internet sensation -lrb- as they call he -rrb- and frankly , everything he be do have be do better by Preston Reed -lrb- another artist never feature on they cover and barely notice by the magazine -rrb- ... and let see there be also Laurence Juber -lrb- 2 x GRAMMY winner -rrb- who have produce nearly 20 acoustic guitar album and soundtrack but have never feature on the cover of Acoustic Guitar Magazine and be only truly feature inside about 16 year ago ! the list of great acoustic guitar player not cover in that magazine be longer than the one they have cover in they 20 year . what I be say be that this magazine do not live up to its name and be a overpriced waste to subscribe to . read it in 2-5 minute at the news stand or book store of you choice and maybe buy one copy a year that amazingly have some content ! Fingerstyle Guitar Magazine be a welcome addition to the periodical world when they enter the game nearly 20 year ago as they do fill the huge gap between Acoustic Guitar Magazine and FRETS . . but sadly that bi-monthly magazine seem to have lose its focus and its editorial staff seem to have interest elsewhere .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the vendor refuse to honor the $ 15 subscripton request . I try previosly when it be $ 10 with the same result . good Luck to you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my granddaughter be very pleased with she Christmas gift subscription to Vogue Magazine that I give she . she have already receive she first issue of Vogue . we be both very happy with the service of the Vogue subscription department . they process we gift subscription quickly and accurately . thank you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	have not really read the magazine for 20 year or more , but I be very impress by some of the offering on they cable t.v. channel , and equally impress by amazon 's fine subscription deal . frankly , the issue I have receive be very disappointing . not just because they blindly follow the new style of news magazine -lrb- glitzy but shallow -rrb- , but also they voluminous advertising . the issue be much slimmer and less technical than those of older volume , the map less inform , and everything touch with sensationalism . in short , they have become `` big business '' , and when the subscription expire , that will be it for at least another 20 year . in short , National Graphic have regrettably shift its focus from its journal to its film . which be great for the film , of course ; but lamentable for the magazine 's quality .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be want a subscription to this magazine for a while now . get it at a great price and finally get my first few issue in the mail . I could not be happier with the purchase . Great magazine and I would recommend it to anyone .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I refer to National Georgraphic Mag Jan issue where they feature Singapore . I enjoy read the article about my country as I be from Singapore and feel that the writer have capture the essence of Singapore very well . however , I be disappoint with the photo portray Singapore . the picture do not represent the modern , hi-tech and `` man-made '' beauty of the garden and the structure of the island as it should . instead , it have picture that be just show asian face or of landscape that make Singapore feel like it be back in the 60 . this warped visual view of Singapore do not potray the Singapore of today .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine do not tell you much & the little bit it do have already happen so if you watch the show you already know
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I like Asimov better than ANALOG , but that be kind of like say that I like strawberry better than chocolate or vanilla . it be a matter of personel taste . I especially like the new book section . I have order one book from it already . gunner July ,2007
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I be a subscriber to National Geographic for fifteen year until last December when I let my subscription lapse . why ? three reason --  1 . the map . I use to love the great map that you would get all the time . well , the number of map per year keep drop to the point where it be hard to justify pay the amount of money for the subscription for fewer map . plus the map that be come out be less and less useful . be it really a `` map '' if its a picture of some dinosaur ? or picture of the `` native people '' that live throughout the land ? or any other picture for that matter ? I want a map I can use ! I want a map that I can hang up on a wall to find stuff when I need it , not a bunch of pretty picture . the last straw come in 2002 when the back of one of the map contain a advertisement for a truck !  2 . the story be no longer interesting . I mean , when you decide to pull a random zip code in the US to make a story out of it , it be no longer fun . National Geographic use to be about discover the new and unique . today it seem more appropriate to show you thing you probably already new .  3 . the cost . the cost of the magazine seem to keep go up , go up 15 % between 2001 and 2002 . I recognize cost keep go up , but this be ridiculous .  National Geographic tend to be one of those `` keep forever '' type magazine . well , what good be it for I to have this huge collection of magazine that I be not interested in read ? in short , National Geographic may be great for kid with school project , but a waste of money for adult .  i guess some people may think `` no ! you can not insult National Geographic ! '' but I call it like I see it . stop and think , be you read the magazine you be buy or do you just not want to stop the twenty year tradition of yellow bookshelf ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I wait two month and do not get a single issue . customer service be terrible . when I contact they several time , no one reply . do not count on Amazon either . my complaint get no response at all . the most ridiculous thing be when I try to cancel it , they only give I half my money back . but I do not even get one !!! I will never use this company again . nor will I ever subscribe magazine from Amazon anymore . just terrible experience .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be read Kiplinger 's Retirement Report for over 10 year now and have enjoy almost every issue . they start put ad in a few year ago , but it do not take away from the content . I do not read ad anyway . and there be not a lot of card fall out all over the place like a lot of other publication . now , the content I find to be quite timely and interesting , even if it do not pertain to my situation . I often find article that might help other out and suggest they to that person . if you be at a crossroads in you life between work and retire , this be the magazine for you . it be write for people who be retire . not go to retire , but already retire . always good topic on manage you finances to health to invest and even on retirement living . overall a 5 star publication .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	take everything that have already be say about the beauty of this magazine and insert it here . then add to it the following :  as a artist I hoard natinal geographic magazine like Pirate 's treasre . for inspiration and reference material , they be simply invaluable . we basement be full of maginz that I would read again and again and again . the journalism be wonderful , the photograph remarkable , and the scope of subject matter be stagger . such a lovely publication . I really look forward to buy a home so I can have the space to get a regular subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	always something different every issue . beautiful picture and coverage on place that I would want to visit one day . topic be varied and the perspective from subject matter expert be always insightful .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I spend so much more just pick this up at the grocery store much better deal to have it mail to I . I love my soap in depth
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we family have have a subscription for year and enjoy each and every issue . I would sure love it if it be available each month on my kindle .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be one of the best retirement compilation I have come across . many good idea . just one , idea for part time work include email address for call center work . so many retirement magazine focus only on how to save for retirement , not on lifestyle base on the amount of money you really do have at t the end . highly recommend
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I ` discover ' fashion magazine at age 12 and , more than 20 year later , Vogue have remain my favorite . it expose I to the glamour and lifestyle that up until that point I do not know exist - the fashion spread and even the advertisement make -lrb- and still make -rrb- quite a impression on I . I especially enjoy read Andre Leon Tally 's Style Fax every month , in addition to `` people be talk about , '' and of course the fasion layout never fail to disappoint I . keep up the good work .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this product live up to what be expect - I like order through Amazon as it be very easy and a good price .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	just one more one-star review to throw at this disposable , superficial , cliche , empty-headed `` maggazeen '' . wow , Lindsay Lohan 's favorite lip gloss ! stop the press ! worthless . grow up . Life , as a concept , be something more than `` AaRoN cArTeR 's dreem womunn ! '' . yes , even in 2005 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have get 30 year of `` National Geographic '' on cd-rom , new issue , and back issue from my grandparent . there be no more complete magazine about the world . whether it be anthropology , geology , geography , entomology , etymology , paleontology , astrology , zoology , oceanography -- this magazine have touch base there and will return . the magazine 's contribute photographer include all the best nature photographer in the world -lrb- like David Doubilet , example ISBN : 0714838284 -rrb- and award win photographer of many other style . the magazine be not of hard science but this be to its credit . the subject be cover in a way that be always educational to layman and eminently interesting to professional . it be the best way to know what be go on now and have go on in the natural world . I can not think of another magazine that be so consistently please and positive on so many level ; visually , intellectually , in its dept ! h of subject . even small child can enjoy it simply because of the beautiful , colorful picture . if you have never read it -lrb- ! -rrb- , pick up a copy to see . if you like it as much as half the world do , subscribe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	its a pretty good magazine . I mean it mostly about celebrity gossip and all but also a litte tiny bit about normal girl . the picture be great and so be the photo !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I really enjoy get this magazine . I will not claim I read the whole thing each time , but it always have something really interesting for I . if you like read about other culture , nature , and history , this be for you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I be so sick and tired of see stick woman !!! and they seem to be get younger and younger by the month . not for I !!! plus I do not care about celebrity most of whom I know nothing -lrb- nor care -rrb- about . so after many year , I be actually cancel my subscription !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be fully satisfy with this product . it be very informative , interesting and full of knowledge and obove all best in the class nothing come close to this magazine . photo be very colorful and stunning . a great deal of hardwork have be put to create a magazine like this . I be a great fan of it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have purchase 3 different magazine on Amazon and be happy to receive my subscription for Vogue timely . I still have not see my other 2 magazine subscription from Travel & leisure or Marie Claire
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	if you need motivational story , this ia a great magazine , but read it at you local library . otherwise , you will receive a lot of junk mail , too . from renewal letter start 6-8 month before expiration to charity ask for you donation . there be no month without some unsolicited letter from gp . the magazine itself be more like 4-5 star , but the junk mail be so annoying that I deduct 1 star and decide not to renew my subscription . I will not even tell they my new address when I move . better lose 3 number than be `` subscribe '' to unsolicited offer in my new place .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's magazine be in a sense a unique medium . it be a place where literate author share they viewpoint through essay , memoirs and short story . it be extraordinary in that although its periodical may contradict each other , they be all well-written . the magazine deal primarily with politics and its content be typically liberal . if you be up for the challenge , you 'll find it educational and enjoyable to read !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	do anybody really read this ? or , do file clerk just carry it around on the subway to impress each other ? it take Vogue 500 page to say nothing about people and thing of no significance in the real world . innocent tree be be slaughter to provide endless advertisement . it be the narcissist 's bible . I like to imagine that the editorial staff really sit around laugh every month about the worthless stuff they churn out -- just wait for people to realize that this be a hoax . I pray that Vogue be the publishing industry 's War of the world ! but then , I have always be a optomist .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	love my subscription to Nat Geo . it take a little while to get the app install and then the magazine subscription set up , but it be worth it . take the magazine to the next level , and will eliminate the wall of glowing yellow . good idea .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine consistently have the best content you could ask for in a western lifestyle magazine . I can not wait for each issue to arrive . profile of celebrity like Russell Crowe , Willie Nelson , and Sam Elliott be insightful and make I feel like a connection have be make . if you be a fan of the western lifestyle , this magazine be a must !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have get only 2 vogue magazine sine last 2 monthe ... December and Januarly issue ... both of they I have get at the end of Januarly . I wonder when can I get February issue ... at the end of March ? its cheap ... Hum ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a conservative -lrb- but lately more of a libertarian -rrb- but Harper 's be my favorite magazine . it have honest political commentary , hard to find these day , that I do not always agree with but concede that the argument be often compelling . the short story be usually great , and the book review better than most . a favorite feature be `` finding '' a short list of recent and bizarre scientific finding . I read it aloud to my family -lrb- and yes they enjoy it and look forward to each issue , too -rrb- . sometimes the editorial be a bit cynical but they be almost as likely to trash the Democrats as the Republicans -lrb- a healthy sign since I feel both party have be co-opt by special interest -rrb- . you will also get news here without commentary , such as transcript from Guantanamo , bizarre and revealing email , and recently discover correspondence from unlikely political leader . all without commentary so you avoid the usual media attempt at control you opinion . sure , I might occasionally get mad at or ignore some author , but I have find life be not as fun without this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic should change its name as international geographic . I be a fan of National Geographic and learn a lot from national geographic . this be one of the best product if you would like to have a subscription . and they be valuable , you can sell those product after you read it . if it get older , it get more valuable .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase two subscription on the same date . the first one come and this one have not arrive yet . I be dissapointed that it be take so long ! very poor .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i get almot every mounth issue i love it i suggest you to get it for you teen or youself -lrb- if you a kid -rrb- . well what-ever just get it it have all kind of star news \* -lrb- no interpropet thing or stuff like that -rrb- it totaly cool !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	when I be around 12 , I use to like this magazine . hidden underneath all the teenage , wannabe-tabloid fluff be actually some interesting article and fairly interesting celebrity gossip . plus , I really like the glossy poster . but now , j-14 have take a turn for the worse . the article have get really dull , most of they revolve around the likes and dislike of celebrity . do any of we honestly care about where -lrb- insert Disney Channel star 's name -rrb- or -lrb- insert teenybopper 's name -rrb- shop or who they have a crush on or what be they absolutely fave lip gloss ? the answer be : NO. . and I hate how they show the same celebrity over and over again now . in every issue , there be Taylor Swift , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus , a Jonas , Selena Gomez , Demi Lovato , etc. . and when they do show someone new , it be just some teenybopper who star in some movie I never watch and never will see . if you really like this kind of stuff , I recommend read magazine for adult like people .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order National Geographic and Reader 's Digest for a gift from Amazon for my two brother . that be two and a half month ago . they still have not receive either one . they have start receive promotional mail from National Geographic so they be on the mailing list . how long should it take before the magazine will arrive ? this seem like too long . it be nearly 3 month . I probably would not order this again , unless a wanted to wait indefinitely for it to arrive .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Vogue self proclaim to be the fashion authority but alas it no longer be the case . Articles be insipid and tabloid gossip have take over . if you truly want to see fashion , buy the french vogue or better yet , `` Numero '' . in the US , I now read Harper 's Bazaar .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be the best nature , ecological , cultural magazine I have ever come across . you learn about culture from all over the world , and the article be easy to understand . the photography be wonderful . Great for the whole family . you 'll enjoy read it , and the child will love the photograph .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	while read Harper 's one get the feel that one be read something historic . the article feel timely but they do not try too hard to be `` hip '' or `` cool '' and they take they time to tell a story . each piece feel `` right '' whether or not one always agree with the view of the writer . exceptional writing and fun stalwart such as Harper 's Index and Notes make this magazine incredibly readable and enjoyable .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	CHILE PEPPER be one of the more interesting cooking magazine out there . the recipe tend to emphasize Cajun , Creole , and Carribean style . not all of the recipe include chile pepper or have a great deal of heat , but most recipe would likely appeal to chilehead . have grow up in the Southwest , I love these type of recipe and have make several with excellent result . the story be also interesting , focus on restaurant and manufacturer involve in the chile pepper businesss , such as the folk at Tabasco . there be also many story on various hot sauce . recommend for people look for something a little different or who like Lousiana or hot food .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Articles be way too scare monger for my taste . suggest a link between Diabetes and every other disease be too easy but correlation do not necessary imply causation . nor do a single scientific journal of which none of Diabetes Forecast 's reader have access to without a large cash layout deserve such credence and should be meet with a skeptical eye not see in this magazine write .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the industry expert all agree : Selling Power be a well respect resource at a low cost . fill with sale tip , article , and valuable resource . the article be well write for sale people and a few for sale manager . for example , the other day i read a article about the top six thing not to say when start a sale call . and resource like sale presentation software , and sale training company like positive result . once per year they have a issue call top 500 sale force . this be a great resource for potential employer as well as sale prospects . for sale manager , I recommend sale & Marketing Management Magazine . Education empower . to be the best in you industry and keep on top of you game - subscribe to Selling Power . PositiveResults.com ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	apparently everyone write review be make of money ... well if that be the case , let I tell you a little secret : if you go garage sailing you can often find a entire year of ng for like $ 20 . and sometimes it be even a recent year . I say save the trash heap and the tree , and the green -lrb- if you catch my drift -rrb- and shop around before you go buy new stuff . it have cool cover , and you can collect they regardless of they condition .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the National Geographic Magazine be one of the best magazine I have ever read . it tell we difficult information each month . the imformation that it tell we include a great varity . for example , ` Russia : ten year after ' , ` Hippos : a african spring come alive ' , ` pyramid : who build they ' etc. . Theis magazine tell about history , country , animal etc. . so I think this be a good magazine for we spare time .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I try to leave no star , but I be not allow . do not do it ... you 'll never get it . shame on Amazon for not remove this subscription as a option .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be a bit too conservative for my taste . I be a register Libertarian , so I like to consider the best of the Democrat and Republican party , but get government out of the picture as much as possible .  I have read this magazine because it do have good writing from a conservative viewpoint . unfortunately , some of the material be too conservative -- the political agenda block the objective thinking . in that way , it be much like counter magazine from the liberal perspective . that be one reason why I prefer more objective magazine like the `` Economist '' .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order it because they send I a subscription card for $ 12 ... luckily that be all I pay . you might appreciate this magazine if you be in you forty , have 5 child , be a doctor or lawyer , and thrive on statistics . every issue focus on compare we to other city , primarily New York , and be a general bear . there be nothing one could actually utilize , or would want to , in the entertainment\/restaurant section . I have never be so eager for a subscription to end . I can not believe Amazon suggest buy this along with Time out Chicago , who I have turn to for real information , colorful interview , and article that honestly do feel like Chicago do . Yuck ... all the focus on rich people make I want to puke . why do not they count up some statistics on how many Chicagoans actually fit you sickeningly rich profile ? 5 percent ? they March issue explain that a d-i-n-k couple make a combined $ 120,000 a year struggle just as much as a single mother make $ 15,000 base on they choice really top it off : this magazine be out of touch .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase this mag . on 3\/29 , it be now 5\/13 and I still have not receive it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the one star be for NOT get what I pay for . I subscribe , but I only get about one out of 4 issue . when I complain , I get a form letter -- but no resolution . I guess it be too complicate for they to mail the magazine to they subscriber . these people just steal you money .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a great magazine with all the info and not a lot of the garbage ! my first choice magazine read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be interested in nature and the world , natgo be the monthly to read . Always have several article that enlighten no matter what you primary area of interest may be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	what this magazine should be name be `` franchise '' . Entrpreneurs be risk taker , people who invest in franchise be risk-avoider , and often end up be cheat . of course there be no mention of that in this magazine ; it might offend the advertiser .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	National Geographic be a great magazine , but after purchase it through Amazon because of a discount they give I , they inexplicably cancel the transaction claim something go wrong . they ask I to reorder , but I be not sure I want to go through the hassle .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it do not have a lot of the old-style writer -lrb- silverberg come to mind -rrb- , but there be lot of great author represent here . a real adventure !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I recall the first issue that I ever see of COWBOYS & INDIANS magazine . Tom Selleck grace the cover , tout a story about Selleck and he newest western , CROSSFIRE trail . the story be marvelous . shortly after buy this copy from a newsstand I subscribe . as I examine each ensue issue of C&I; one fact become quite clear to I : c&i; be all about play cowboy and Indians . other than a few well-placed story about some of the West 's most notable character , each magazine be pack with silly ad for supposedly acceptable western wear , `` Society '' page that feature the face of mostly unknown individual who be on hand for the latest obscure `` western award '' or some off-the-beaten-track wine tasting . in fact , just today I take the current issue of C&I; and tear out all the advertisement and other nonsense that , in my thinking , really have not any business show up in a magazine about the real West . to my dismay I excise nearly seventy page or almost half of the magazine ! admittedly , most of the cover story have be great . but every once in a while the editor seemingly can not resist throw in character like Jewel , Hilary Duff , Arnold Schwarzenegger or Lance Armstrong , individual who be , when it boil right down to it , about as truly western as Caroline Kennedy ! after all , it take more than live in a western state -lrb- or even be the governor of one -rrb- to really be a westerner . in the end it be all what I call the `` pseudo-west . '' as artificial as a wooden nickel . I have hope that , as the subtitle of the magazine assert , COWBOYS & INDIANS be `` the Premier Magazine of the West . '' instead I be overwhelm and disappoint at how the publisher and editor of this magazine have simply make the West a sort of cheap dodge . they seem to view it as more of a decorative theme or as a fashion style than as a actual lifestyle . the actual title of the magazine might well be `` let 's - play-like-we be - Really-Western-Folks ! '' of course , there be likely a demographic that fit here , man and woman who would not recognize a real horse if it lope up and step on ` em . but then , I be talk about find magazine that really reflect a western lifestyle . if you agree with I you would be much better serve to pass on C&I; and subscribe to western horseman . the horseman
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I appreciate the quality of this magazine . Dwell be introduce to I by another architecture student . it be informative for many of we be concern with green building .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this have always be one of my favorite magazine . I have not yet recieve my first issue since I order it on Amazon , but I be really look forward to it . I use to get it as a kid and read it when I be in wait room , so i can not wait to actually get it at my home .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be and will be invaluable to I and my family for year to come . but , it do lack important and specific information regard international adoption , which be how we become a family , via China . it be very slant to domestic adoption .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	just get my first issue of Bird Watchers Digest . it have lot of very good information . I be not a avid birder , I just like bird . camera and spot scope be not part of my kit . I do not need to know every variation of each kind of bird . that say , I like read about the habit and habitat of different kind of bird . I love the story about raven in this issue . I look forward to the next issue with pleasure .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the title speak for itself . I do not know how or why I be draw to this magazine when I be 14 . this magazine should be call j-4tween . ah . the title be very annoying . like twist , I only get this magazine when I be really really desperate for something to read . I sure as hell would not want my 12 year old daughter to wear mascara . if you have a tween and you want she to grow to become a pimpstress , get this . the only entertaining aspect of this magazine be the embarassing moment kind of thing -lrb- but of course -rrb- . other than that , no. . they feature pretty bland fashion . all in all , this magazine be just like twist . therefore , the age reccomendation be just 11 & 12 , but you be better off get GL for even more year worth of goodness -lrb- 10-15 yr . -rrb- because no , it be not cool to steal you sister 's damn boyfriend for pete 's sake .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	First off , I would like to say that most girl 8-15 find this magazine very interesting . I have to admit , I buy it myself sometimes . it be pack with pin up , colum , advice , and so much more for the `` pop princess . ''  however , j-14 be probably , in my opinion , the teen version of the National Enquirer . I be say this from my point of view , and someone who know behind-the-scenes info , that J-14 make up some of its article . a lot of `` quote '' be just a couple word here and there from different conversation , or actual quote the artist have say . once all these word be put together to form a new quote , yet another rumor come up also . that be the only thing that I do not support in this magazine . although , entertainment be entertainment , and you can not change that . some magazine have to make up thing to sell , and unfortunately , j-14 be one of they .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be such a great magazine what with the nice picture and great word and wonderful item about everything and anything under the sun !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	for varied intereste and reference material , they be invaluable . we living room be be full of maginz that I would read over and over . the writing be wonderful , the photograph remarkable , and the varieyty of subject matter be stagger . such a nice publication . I really look forward to buy a home so I can have the space to get a regular subscription . as a person with no artistic skill whatsoever , I really appreciate see the other side . I like ot collect Natinal Geographic magazine and really treasure they . I get tire of look on the internet and a old fashion magazine be a nice break .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	how relevant can a magazine actually remain in the age of the internet ? National Geographic show each month that old-fashioned reporting - along with the new and emerge technology - can make a magazine as vital and informative as ever grant , it have have problem - several year ago , it be reveal by a reader that publish photograph be actually stage , with the tip-off come from a small part of several photo and a major story on a archeological find in China prove to be false . but the publication quickly address these issue with its readership and do not do a typical media shuffle to deflect criticism somewhere else . the magazine have reshuffle its layout and feature & give a nice range of article concern issue from around the world and beyond . and the rich photograph be worth the price of the magazine . by guide the reader to additional information , whether on the ng website or cable channel , there show a important embrace of a holistic approach to present information . National Geographic be a great magazine that have take stride throughout its existence to remain fresh and relevant , while tackle oftentimes highly controversial issue like global warming and pollution . it be a monthly treasure of information .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	let 's be honest here ... 50 $ be way too much for a cute little sundress for I . I love fashion , Vogue , and all that stuff , but I be never go to buy clothes like that -lrb- or even wear they , give my southern small-town culture -rrb- . I still love Vogue , because of the photography , and ad . I like make collage , and tear out photo that be cool look . I have subscribe for half a year , and I have yet to read a article ... who need it when you have those tempting glossy page full of photo-shopped model that do not look a thing like that in reality ? get it anyway ... no other fashion magazine compare
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	my biz partner and I be excite to receive we first mag from this group . we be sorely disappoint . most of the article be not new information , but `` rehash '' info widely available . we read it cover to cover for about 4 month , then cancel the subscription . there be better source out there and this be not one of they !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I absolutely love this publication . it be a wonderful way to start or end my day with inspirational story that leave positive thought .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I be so look forward to receive my NEW magazine DWELL . it arrive faster then I think . with great excitement and anticipation I open the page and find ... . lot and lot of advertisement . I be so dissapoint that I cancel my subscription . I really want this to be a visual tool for modern\/contemporary design for the average consumer . dont believe any positive review .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	why the ... would I want to read about the celebrity ' life when I have my own life to live !!! I have say this once before ... be you own person ... !!! for the love of ... why do you people adore these people !!! wow do you think I care about stupid gossip and a few worthless picture to look at !!! make you own dream come true , be a leader not a follower !!! why should we care about celebrity when they do not care about we !!! the real people who deserve to acknowledge be not , but these celebrity be worship !!! I have nothing against MTV , but gosh this be a example of how it control the teens of America !!! MTV promote celebrity worship - which be unhealthy - , be bias of pop and rap , give teens the wrong meaning of music , and what the heck do the real world and viva la bam have to with music ... nothing , but hey they be two great show , yet nothing to do with music , be on Music Television !!! look , I like MTV but , I be no MTV zombie that follow by what MTV say be so call cool , J 14 , Teen people be example of this !!! people read a magazine that have a meaning to it not some more ... cheat from the tree !!! I give this stupid magazine a 1\/5 !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a gift to my son-in-law . he enjoy it very much . I have give it to he for Christmas for several year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	good informational article on thing to see and event that be happen in Hawaii . Articles and invent list cover all island within Hawaii .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	what can I say ... Great product . I be happy with how fast I get it . I get the Sept. issue . which be there largest . I have not get the Oct. issue , which I be a little worried about . I be not sure what be go wrong there . I have already see Oct. on the stand . other then that , I do like Amazon for order mag ... M.C.
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be really happy that my parent actually get I this subscription for Christmas ! I have get 4 magazine so far and I have read they all cover to cover . I love the picture , obviously that be one of they crucial selling point . the article be also very interesting and I have learn a lot so far about subject I would not have necessarily choose to read before . I recommend this as a gift to anyone that you know that love to learn and love photography .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have enjoy natural history for a long time but I now prefer to buy individual copy . I be not a major science buff and the fund-raising tactic the Museum have use be very annoying . I really be mostly interested in evolution and dna , which be not always feature . for many year , the magazine have do a good job of explore current thought on diverse aspect of natural history . I agree , there have be a bit of `` dumb down '' over time . this may be part of a effort -lrb- misguided and unfortunate in my view -rrb- to attract a broader readership . the article be still authoritative , well-written and handsomely illustrate , however . I be extremely fond of the american museum of natural history and always go there when in New York . the problem that drive I away from the subscription be the tendency to send I thing I do not ask for - like a sizeable collection of greet card - and then to demand in rather peremptory term that I make a contribution to pay for they . I dislike be send thing I do not want -lrb- the greet card strike I as bland and unappealing , as well as surprisingly irrelevant to the magazine and its subject matter -rrb- and then be tell I must pay for they or be regard as some sort of abominable churl . so I just let my subscription expire . in fairness , this be a couple of year ago . I do not know if that practice continue . I hasten to add that I be not repel by reasonable fundraising initiative , particularly from institution like this that I respect and admire . I be happy to contribute to such institution as I be able . I just feel the method employ here be vexing and unreasonable .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	vogue be one of those magazine that I be sure I 'll subscribe to for the rest of my life whether or not I be disgust by it . vogue be so much more than a magazine ; it be a ideal . but I digress . Vogue have huge high point . it be fashion spread be gorgeous . the clother , however , be sometimes odd or ugly , and most of the time expensive . the food column be amazing , and the movie and book review be informative and fun . but it sometimes reek of bad taste , whether talk about $ 2,000 lingerie or whether 11 year old should carry Chanel purse . it give off a whole ` richer-than-thou ' vibe which be vile . I always feel guilty after read the latest issue . it all come down to this : if you be into fashion and expensive thing in general , it be impossible to dislike Vogue . but if you be the crusading type , it be impossible not to find it excessive and crass .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	have not receive it yet - order 31 August ...  Vogue -lrb- 1-year -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I love Vogue -lrb- all of they , US , Britain , Italia , Japan , Paris ... -rrb- but if you be order from Amazon , keep a eye out . Mine say my subscription start ship in September . -lrb- which be already a while after i originally order -rrb- but I never get a actual issue until monthsssss later . apparently , somehow between my order be send between Amazon to Voque , my address get cut off and do not include my entire apartment number . I do not even know until the mailman successfully figure out the address on 1 issue month later which be where I spot the descrepancy . I check my original order on Amazon and my address be correct . after email & call back and forth between both Amazon and Hearst\/Vogue , I finally get it correct and get my subscription date change to match when I really receive it . lame and a lot of unessessary work . Amazon 's customer service be great - just a shame it get mess up in the first place -lrb- when my original order place have my address correct -rrb- and that I have to waste time fix a problem I do not make .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	although I be a Casey Democrat , mean a social conservative and a fiscal progressive , I enjoy the Weekly Standard as probably the best neo-conservative magazine on the market . I find it timely , informative , provocative and in-depth in term of its coverage of issue . I particularly like they `` week in review '' feature , whereby they review event of the week and provide some pointed commentary . but where I particularly come to appreciate the Weekly Standard be in the debate over moral issue -- they offer innovative and clear argument in favor of traditional family value , use solid research and up-to-date statistics from numerous different discipline , while avoid the usual worn rhetoric of the family value crowd -lrb- among which I include myself as a Casey Democrat . -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have not take this magazine for year , not since I read reliable report about the old management and they CIA connection . a while ago I get in my snailmain mailbox `` a offer I could not refuse '' for a year 's subscription . I bit . it be ok . the photo be still good , but the magazine kill a whole lot of tree . it come load with loose ad that fall out as I turn page , and be not interesting . the attitude be still rather imperialistic , so I will not be subscribe again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	vogue be a great value ! whether you be on the cut edge of fashion or not , it be a great resource for trendy idea .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	of the two exist review here currently , you could not get much different response . ironically , I be right in the middle . I be not Kama'aina -lrb- native -rrb- to Hawaii , but Hawaii be my passion ; I live , breath , and sleep it . Hawaii be a place to be respect and love . so how do Hawaii magazine handle that task ? well , I guess it depend on what you be look for . if you want the more tourist side flavor to Hawaii , then the magazine probably will be what you enjoy . if you be look for more native and eco-tourism base stuff , do not expect as much . occasionally they 'll put in piece that be not half bad on this topic , but it could be better . there recent anniversary edition be pretty good , but overall it still seem more like one big advertisement for tourist . of course , that be where the money be , but you would think a magazine call
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you do not need to be a conservative to enjoy this magazine ! -lrb- I be a Tony Blair support Briton , who read it faithfully ! -rrb- both Fred Barnes and Claudia Winkler , the real power house behind this magazine , make it lively , well-written and entertaining reading for people of all political persuasion , from ultra neo-con to british blairite , and all shades of opinion inbetween . even liberal should enjoy the excellent book review ! Christopher Catherwood , British Blairite Evangelical Weekly Standard reader - and author of CHRISTIANS , MUSLIMS and ISLAMIC rage -lrb- a forbes.com bookclub selection in 2003 -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a quick survey of a typical issue of this magazine will show that it offer well write , leftist orient write present seemingly for a audience of very well off , financially secure urbanite , who if fortunate be ideally situate in Manhattan . the magazine often espouse a leftist critique of we nasty capitalist society and feature ad for silly product that only a certain segment of that comfy financially secure class of educate professional who receive much benefit from that nasty capitalism could consider acquire . have say as much , I be a repeat subscriber and enjoy the fine , creative and often insightful writing . feature like Thomas Frank 's , cranky , snarky and entertaining `` Easy Chair '' , `` Harper 's index '' and `` finding '' alone make the magazine worth a subscription . the fact that there be such a variety of literature to read in each issue from poetry to investigative journalism also make this a magazine to have .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	only 2 issue have arrive so far and we be 10 month in to the subscription . what a rip off !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Terrific magazine . the fashion be fun and inspiring and the article be excellent . happy to continue to receive Vogue for another year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have a lot of helpful `` business '' tip for anyone run they own small business . it help I with make decision on thing that be important to I .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this great magazine show you how awesome it be to live the Western Life !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order my subscription and receive November & December 2012 and January 2013 all on the same day . as I read one , my 22 year old son read another and my 9 year old daughter read the third . then we would a switch out and we even sit down and discuss what we read . this be one magazine I will read from front to back , skip nothing . thanks for this great opportunity for my scientific family to bond .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	so I order the magazine in Nov. 6 , 2005 . its now Feb. 22nd , 2006 and the magazine -lrb- since I also order the Smithsonian and Scientific American -rrb- be nowhere to be see . of course , my account be quickly charge and at this pace , I be guess the whole genomic structure of all live organism in this planet will be decode before I receive any of they ... so if you actually want to read this excellent magazine , it might be a better idea to get somewhere else ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great Magazine , with in depth article cover interesting topic around the globe . I pity the fool who do not subscribe to ng
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a thirteen year old boy who be life revolve around fashion . I have ton and ton of magazine subscription , maybe ten ? but vogue be probably my favorite . everyone think it be just a fashion magazine , but it be so much more . it have everything someone need , adult or teen . the fashion section be absolutely fantastic . a lot of people want to see clothes that they cant afford in a magazine , it make they feel good . and the vogue article be very brilliant . I highly recommend 110\/100 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my daughter get this magazine , along with a couple of other . it be the highlight of she day when they come in the mail . she read it through as soon as she get it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it be a great magazine with lot of material to share . good for both child and adult . price be cheap as well .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you look for new and creative food to tickle the taste-bud , this be it . it have lot of great recipe 's from sauce , meat 's , appetizer , drink and much much more . I wish this come out every month .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic magazine be a first-class magazine . the magazine be full of excellent photograph and well write article . I have be a member of the National Geographic Society and take the magazine since the 1970 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love the picture in this magazine . however , sometimes the article be forgettable . I would recommend the magazine if you really like to appreciate photography . -lrb- also , frankly , most of the article and picture be available for free online . -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you a woman and you love designer fashion this magizine be for you . I love the photolayout of the clothing and the smell of the mag -lrb- sound wierd -rrb- . good magizine for you fashionesta
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	great magazine - but ... I can not stress to you enough not to buy this on Amazon through Synapse Services , Inc. . you will not get you magazine , you will not receive a refund , and you will waste you time and money ! flush you money , it be more effictive way to get rid of it . I purchase NG for my father in June 6th 2010 as a renewal to he subscription which be expire on Feburary 2011 . I just get a last chance renewal from NG , they say my subscription be expire ? it should be good till Feburary 2012 ! they say they do receive a order from synapse on June 10th but then it be cancel by synapse in July ? ng be nice enough to give I Synapse 's phone number 877-813-0320 . be sure to press 0 and go for the agent , even though it will not help you , the supervisor can not help you either ! I just get off a long phone call with Synapse Services , Inc. they cancel the subscription for no reason on they end . they never fullfill the request ? they say they refund , but there be no refund , Amazon still have it list active ? I just want the magazine , they have already receive payment why do they cancel it ? they can not tell I ? I have never be so disatisfied with a company in my life . I will be contact Amazon , contact the Credit Card company for payment with no service , BBB for failure to produce service , etc. . I will also issue a invoice to they for my waste time ! basically what this company do be when they receive the actual payment from Amazon they then call up ng and cancel you subscription so they do not have to pay NG and they keep the money . wow ; what a great money make business !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscribe to guidepost for quite a few year and really love this inspiring magazine . it my be a small magazine but it pack a big wallop when it come to inspiring those who read it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have not subscribe to National Geographic since I be in h and I remember not have enjoy it that much back then . my guess be that it be because of the format - it be a little bit too rigid\/heavy - and because my English be quite poor back then . in any case , I get a subscription last year when it be on sale and love the magazine . I love the diversity of the article , the fact that they be well written\/researched and do not mind be -lrb- a little bit -rrb- controversial , and that they cover thing I would not hear about otherwise . it be really a window on the world . the picture do not hurt , either : -rrb- now I just need to manage to re-subscribe when it be super cheap again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	when I order this magazine , I neglect to give the shipping address of the person that recieve the gift . I send a e-mail to you and ask to correct that and mail it to Cheryl Eaton , 21 Tarbox Rd. . Jericho VT ,05465 . the `` Inc '' magazine be mail directly to she , but the `` entrepreneur '' magazine come to my address yesterday . would you please correct this and be sure it get mail to Cheryl Eaton at the above addre in the future . thanks for you attention in this matter . Ingrid Samuelsen
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a kindergarten teacher with a M.S. in early childhood and literacy education as well as the mother of four child ... I find this magazine in my OBGYN office when I be pregnant with my second child and fell in LOVE immediately . this magazine , without a doubt , need to be in every home that have child between the age of 1-12yr . I find the article to be exactly on the pulse of today 's research regard best practice for child regard all area of development . every article be valuable and informative and there be plenty of FUN throw in as well !! please give this magazine a try ... you will not regret it ! head and shoulder above other parenting magazine that I have previously subscribe to in the past . I cancel all my other subscription and be now just receive this ... and I save EVERY ISSUE !! I can not throw they away ! very happy !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I get this to keep kid to spend time on understand what be out there - place we may not see or should go . it deliver 100 % . good way to spend time and learn , and get they interested in conserve , appreciate the place we be in and understand what thing be change it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be a very useful publication for those near or at retirement . the information be up to date , helpfull and informative .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it do not get much better than see my 12 year old non-reader son flip through the page , show interest in the world around he .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the article be well write by articulate , knowledgeable writer . if you be into glamour , Cosmo , or other such poorly write drivel this be not the magazine for you . however , if you truly appreciate fashion and be interested in look great this be the only fashion magazine to consider !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's , like the Atlantic and the New Yorker be write for those look for more in-depth analysis and coverage on political and cultural affair with a sampling of serious literary prose . personally I prefer the Atlantic , which I read regularly , only pick up Harper 's when I have time and something in it interest I , which be usually two or three time a year . just look at the cover and page inside convey Harper 's as a serious tome , perhaps too serious for the casual reader , especially compare to the more colorful page of the Atlantic and playful New Yorker cartoon . nevertheless , Harper 's be a american icon in it be genre have publish many article from great name since it be inception in 1850 . a number of reviewer complain about it be leave lean and that stance clearly sprout from the now recently depart editor Lewis Lapham , who have be a outspoken critic of the current administration . Mr. Lapham share he view in a two page opinion piece and in the full page listing of various `` fun fact '' know as the Harper 's index . serious reader will be able to get beyond this as simply a `` viewpoint '' and see the entire magazine for the serious writing that it be . I would contend this represent the best in `` critical analysis '' rather than bias . I would also simply suggest you view the other review make by people espouse this periodical as overly bias . for instance , at least one of those claim liberal bias here be also praise a Ann Coulter book . so if you feel underwhelm by the typical content you get even in a 60 minute broadcast or a political round table free-for-all and you be interested enough in this magazine to read it be review , you should probably pick up a copy of it for two or three month and give it a try . I recommend you also check out the New Yorker and the Atlantic to compare .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic have be a consistant magazine thru the year . it be one place where the article be simple , easy and beautifully present ... and the photograph be absolutely wonderful ... keep up the good work ! Cheers
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this be a review of the subscription , not the magazine . I order my subscription in late July . on September 6 I receive the AUGUST issue even though the September issue be already on the newsstand . and of course they set my subscription end date to July 2012 . I just order this subscription and I already feel rip off . I have request the miss issue and expiration reset , no response yet . if this be not resolve by the middle of September I be cancel the subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase this national geographic subscription for my husband in December and it be now February and I still have not receive one issue ? I would hesitate recommend ` sign up ' for that reason .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I be 28 year old and I have every issue of this magazine that have be publish since I be bear -lrb- thanks mom & Dad for the ongoing subscription -rrb- . it use to be the gold standard of magazine ... well , its really a Journal publication . the photography feature in the magazine be still top notch and beautiful . however , since when do subject like Cafeine and Stem cell -lrb- both recent cover story -rrb- have anything to do with geography ? this magazine use to spin tale of expedition to far fling land and interesting tribe and so on . perhaps its a testament to the fact that we be all become more and more globalized and the culture of the world be become more and more homogonize with every passing year , but it seem some of the subject matter as of late be really stretch the scope of the publication . second , I recall as a child and adolescent receive the map that come with the edition every 3 or 4 month . they would adorn the wall of my bedroom and eventually even my college dorm room . but in the past five year it seem that these fold out have include thing like picture of dinosaur , ancient fish , and big elephant ... not so geographical . I remember read article about people summit mountain and dogsledding to the South Pole and now we get cover story entitle `` Love : the Chemical reaction '' ... what ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have have National Geographic all my life-65 yr . and it have be in my family since 1912 . for even a small child , one can learn a lot just look at the picture . after one learn to read , then the article become more interesting . I could not do without my National Geographic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as a person with no artistic skill whatsoever , I really appreciate see the other side . I like ot collect Natinal Geographic magazine and really treasure they . I get tire of look on the internet and a old fashion magazine be a nice break . for varied intereste and reference material , they be invaluable . we living room be be full of maginz that I would read over and over . the writing be wonderful , the photograph remarkable , and the varieyty of subject matter be stagger . such a nice publication . I really look forward to buy a home so I can have the space to get a regular subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I love this magazine that be why I order it six week ago ... still have not arrive . hopefully I will get this upcoming month issue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	need I say more ? I love this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order this for my sister for Christmas . I leave a note under the tree say she first issue would come in March . she be so excited ! she be be get they regularly ever since , we still have 6-7 month leave . the only complaint I have be , I have they put she name in the address label . they put she first name , add a `` e '' at the end of it , then put my name after . ex : ASHLYNNE NICOLE JONES . if Ashlynn be she name and Nicole Jones be mine . that be not what I put in the order . but it be no big deal . it be all about the contents of the magazine anyway .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I can not remember a time that this magazine have not be in my life . my grandmother send a subscription to my dad every year ; and when I move away from home he send it to I . now that my parent have pass away I buy it for myself . grow up I probably compile at least a dozen school report from the many article I have read . when it come in the mail I stop everything and read it cover to cover . my only possible negative critique would be that the magazine have become more political over the year ; and I enjoy the true science of exploration and can get the politics elsewhere .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love j-14 . this be one of the few magazine that i think be worth subscribe to . it have all the latest gossip about star , the true or false section set you straight about some of the rumor fly around -lrb- be Mandy Moore and Kelly Osbourne really best friend ??? buy this to find out ! -rrb- and there be a bunch of poster from a variety of people . in the back there be top 10 's for hottest guy , hottest girl , best in pop , best in rock and more . though i do notice that in the music area they stick to mainly pop and rap artist and i be more of a punck and hard rock person . well , it all depend on what you like , but i reccomend this to anyone who like movie , music and fashion . Hope this help !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this subscription be a Christmas gift to my husband , he enjoy watch the history channel so I know he would enjoy this magazine . he look forward to get the magazine each time it come . it be like go to faraway place and not have to leave the house .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	what a pretty mag to lay on the coffee table . and while I expect all the large glossy ad I be surprise about the quality of the content ; it be surprisingly good . we be not talk volume of information , but just right - you be leave know something more about Hawaii and craving more . each issue that arrive here at the house wander from coffee table to my desk and maybe back again , then and eventually to work where as I hand it off to someone I sometimes ask `` when be you next trip to Hawaii ? '' . and I have actually buy a few thing from advertiser in the magazine , include -lrb- ... -rrb- which be now a holiday tradition in we house . this be also a perfect gift magazine and the whole magazine process through Amazon make it so easy -lrb- plus and in my case I save ship to address within Amazon so new order be even faster -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I get one every month . Super cheap to get they from amazon ! love the article , poster , and gossip in this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I receive this magazine a few day ago and be surprise that it come so soon . I think I would be get the next issue not the one I receive . the magazine be not what I expect but that be not a bad thing . I do read a couple of article I find to be quite interesting . its good not to be predictable .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order Vogue on Amazon and in less than a month I start receive the fashion-ey goodness , include a 800 page issue-thing that could seriously do some damage to one 's head if hit with it . excellent mag for those who love fashion and Amazon get it here on the fly . Bravo .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	it you live in Canada be warn , magazine be always late by at least one issue , they customer service very unhelpful . buy it at the newsstand .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I know `` Interview '' have be around awhile , but I just recently get into it . in short , if you be into the art , it be you magazine . it touch on music , movie , fashion , and everything inbetween . and often the interview of celebrity be do by other celeb , like `` Jim Jarmusch '' do a q&a; with `` the White Stripes '' , just like they be sit in a room chatting , very casual . I like that . also the photography be top , and often take up the whole page -lrb- good mini-poster -rrb- . they be good about not expose the same old people too , lot of fresh face , usually cool . hey , if it be good enough for `` Andy Warhol '' , it can not be bad , huh ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this mag have its up and downs but there be no other magazine with more class and originality . it be a icon all over the world . the editor have inspire book and movie for she perfectionism and professionalism . she and Vogue have go a long way toward make woman strong and independent . without Vogue magazine fashion would not be a multi-billion dollar industry .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be excellent for those who be interested in contemporary design . thank God someone care enough about those of we who love such .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be another part of the Murdoch empire . its worst sin be that its boring and not very conservative . it be found by William Kristol , John Podhoretz and Fred Barnes to be a institutional conservative publication under tight control and with deep enough pocket to dwarf its smaller rival . when conservativism be a living movement , it be best characterize as a collection of independent voice who while they respect each other do not always agree with each other . now , follow the Murdoch formulum , its about get as many people whatever they ideology on the payroll . the price of be on the payroll be of course not rock the boat . read conservative publication these day be like read the transcript of someone engage in a monologue in a echo chamber . its strange that there be so much `` conservative '' media today , but that most policy decision do not get debate or even discuss among conservative . they seem more interested in cover liberal than discuss idea or make proposal . and for god 's sake , no more article by those who be agnostic in they private life talk about how america need more god this or god that . if you go to be religious , at least find someone who be sincere . and no more article on the greatness of family by childless unmarried woman who be totally devote to career to the exclusion of anything else .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	be a huge guidepost fan , I order a subscription for my nephew at Christmas time . as of today , he have still not receive the first copy . I have never be refund nor give a explanation as to why he be not get they . today , I get a email ask I to renew ... I do not think so .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I feel like dwell be showcase the idea of how to live well in we post-apocalyptic future . this magazine be start to depress I . do everything seem gray with stainless steel accent ? Modern living be quite warm ... what be up dwell ? I be move past glossiness into some real patina - I be find it better for my mood and my pocket book .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have yet to receive my magazine . I be suppose to get it 12 week after I order it . I be not sure why it take so long .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	just receive the first copy National Geographic magazine of my subscription . it deliver excellence in photography and article as promise . do not know why I have never be a subscriber . Amazon 's deal beat all other the internet discount I view .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I enjoy the vibe of this magazine . the Q&A; 's be truly interesting to I to say the least overall . very Entertaining & Un-cut . it have a up-front vibe & take on thing . not like other magazine that be for sure .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	subscribe for a few year ... began send two copy of each issue for no reason ... they distributor or indie jobber be do a terrible job of get this otherwise worthy publication to its loyal reader . so when my current subscription lapse -lrb- I think that I have another year on it -rrb- I just let it go . just as I would not buy a `` name '' guitar with a warped neck , I will not subscribe to `` Acoustic Guitar '' because of its really , really poor customer service . Management need to get control of its distribution and sub-contractor . incidentally , I spend thousand of US dollar each year on instrument , accessory , recording , book . I still receive , however , they online edition . maybe the publisher would like to see the hard copy edition disappear and go completely electronic , hence the careless postal delivery service . whatever the reason , I be not gonna spend any more energy figure out they organizational problem . I 'll just read `` Vintage Guitar , '' `` Guitar Player , '' `` Premiere Guitar , '' and even the teeny bop `` Guitar World '' to get the information and instruction I need . `` Acoustic Guitar '' publisher : there be simply too much quality competition out there in the marketplace for you to permit sloppy business practice . you will lose the type of subscriber that you advertiser covet . I write this here because its useless and frustrating deal with knucklehead -lrb- independent contractor ? -rrb- on the phone try to sort out my subscription problem and communicate anything that require any semblance of intelligence to process . but that be America in general ; a `` who care ? '' attitude back by the disappearance of a once-robust manufacturing base . and that be one of the reason I support guitar craftsman who be profile in `` Acoustic Guitar '' -lrb- although I think Bob Taylor receive far too much coverage -rrb- . Handmade and hand-crafted guitar make in the USA be about the only worthwhile product that the US have to offer . that and guitar amplifier design and make by non-factory craftsman . too bad `` Acoustic Guitar '' prove to be the weak link in the chain .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I love National Grographic . great picture , good story . that be not the cause of my two star review . the problem be the subscription service . for some reason , they send I three issue all at one time : the current issue and two back issue ! I already pay for the past two issue in the store , why be they send the old magazine ? I dont want 1\/6th of my subscription to be something I already own .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be order on June 30th , my Son have not recieve it yet ???????? so can not comment on a review at this time .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I be expect a magazine that discuss different option and idea for new business , include franchise . I think this be gear to the small business owner . all it have be profile of people who have start a business and be now millionaire . not much else in the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be one of the most fun food magazine I have ever come across . it have plenty of good recipe that be relatively accessible to the average cook , but it also have lot of article that be both informative & entertaining . the primary focus -lrb- of course -rrb- be on hot and spicy food , but it also concentrate on any number of regional cuisine that be not necessarily scorching hot . a issue highlight salsa , for example , will have a fair number of high-scoville recipe , but will also include flavorful salsa that be intend to enhance a main course rather bring bead of sweat to you forehead . a neophyte will better understand that a salsa be not necessarily a hot sauce but actually cover a much wider spectrum . the same would apply to they issue on barbeque as well as cuisine from Mexico , Thailand & India , among other . if you want to know how to grow pepper , you will also find this magazine informative , as it address many different aspect of pepper horticulture . there be also plenty of information on the frighteningly extensive array of hot sauce that be commercially available . if you come from a region where it be not easy to grow you own pepper , find a resource for pepper be important , and this magazine definitely help . even if you be not a pepper-head , there be plenty within this magazine that you will find useful .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have no idea why the average rating for this worthless piece of iq-lowering crap be so high , because , believe I , it should not be . I be 12 year old , and I warn those on either side of my age never to look at this hideous publication . actually , it can do well if you be look for laugh . but it be also pretty tragic . it signify to I just how low we generation have sink . j-14 be a lousy preteen version of in touch and Us Weekly magazine . it be fill with cheesy quiz , boring article and celebrity that be strictly limit to Ashlee Simpson , Hilary Duff , Ryan Cabrera , Jojo , Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan . the article be pretty boring too , with name like ` OMG ! Jojo 's newest crush ! ' and ` do Hilary Duff REALLY eat too much cookie dough ? ' Yawn . I would much rather read about teenage boy get kick out of they Mormon sect in people magazine . if you be go to have to read ` brain candy ' , people be my alternative to j-14 . sure , it target a older audience than j-14 , but I have be read it since I be 10 . the quiz in j-14 be no good either , stick to topic like ` be you and he perfect for each other ? ' -lrb- I think that the j-14 editor make a rule so that one would be in every issue -rrb- and ` what be you shoe style ' -lrb- ditto the thing about it be in every issue , although it might switch to hairstyle or something -rrb- and ` which celeb boy be perfect for u ' . I do not have many friend , so I just gawp at that magazine and go ` that be what 12-year-old think about ? ' and parent , be warn , the magazine contain a fair amount of sexual content , and not in a mature way like in the teen magazine Cosmogirl and seventeen magazine , I mean as in ` put on this eyeliner and sexy top 2 impress ur crush , OMG !!! ' plus , the magazine be saturate with all those irritating netspeak-style phrase like ` OMG ' , ` u ' instead of ` you ' and everything . many reviewer will be say thing like ' x be so much better ' but I be warn you , Popstar , Tigerbeat and -lrb- worst for last -rrb- bop magazine suck just as much as this , if not worse . this magazine be ridiculously cheap and tasteless . it be very shallow and be bind to dumben down you kid . buy you seventh-grader Muse , people or seventeen . do she a favor and do not get her this embarassment to god . she brain cell will thank you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	`` Vogue '' magazine be a interesting publication that cover the various theme of fashion and film . Anne Hathaway , Emma Stone , Halle Berry and Olivia Wilde be among some of the woman feature in the December 2012 Vogue issue . there be even a feature on some of the fashion and celebrity feature in the `` Les Miserables '' film : Anne Hathaway , Amanda Seyfried , Eddie Redmayne , Hugh Jackman , Helena Bonham Carter , Sacha Baron Cohen , and Russell Crowe . `` Vogue '' magazine be good to get for those who like fashion magazine with clothes represent various time period .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	some of the house be really stunning . a part of the problem be that many of the house they feature be build as modern home . in a recent issue they show some old home that be convert over . what I would like to see be they take a colonial home and convert it . that be say its a very good magazine for people that like modern home . there be appropriate advertising that can help you outfit you home . most of the home item show be not top dollar , but they show you where to get thing that look top dollar but be cheap . overall its a pretty good magazine , if you into modern home you should get it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I will no longer subscribe to National Geographic . this year we start get unsolicited junk from either National Geographic or they `` partner '' company masquerade as National Geographic and then bill we for the dvd , map , etc. . I express my concern in a letter to National Geographic about the problem and they do not bother to contact I . of course now they be send these bogus bill to they `` collection department . '' no more national geographic magazine ever !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	one of my favorite magazine by far . a fantastic review on modern and green design and architecture , as well as interesting idea for innovation and home design . definitely a must-read !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this be double the price of go direct to Acoustic Guitar Magazine . plus order through a 3rd party add time until start and sometimes subtly hide commitment to renew . beware
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be simply the best magazine out there for people who be interested in the world in which they live . the quality of prose and photography continue to be produce at the highest standard . it be great to have this in my house again on a regular basis -- the only magazine we receive read by everyone in the family . thank you National Geographic and Amazon for the great value .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a few year back , when I be 10 , I be just start to get into movie -lrb- not disney -rrb- and music . my friend turn I on to j14 , and I love it ! it have just thing about star , and a few makeup\/hair thing , unlike Cosmosgirl , YM , and seventeen , which be about boy , sex , makeup , sex , clothes , and sex . 3 year later , I still like j14 -lrb- though I may be move up to j17 soon ! -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a big fan of the NGS . they be well know for produce good documentary , the magazine be to the same par . each issue have the first half of the book with short article and brilliant photos\/images follow a couple of article in detail cover various topic . love ng and love the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Entrepreneur magazine be one of my favorite business publication and it be the type of magazine I can count on for up - to - date information on business startup and for possible resolution of common problem to the small business owner . a monthly publication , this magazine be design to appeal to those who be presently owner of a small enterprise or who aspire to open they own business in the near future . what I enjoy most about this magazine be its personal article - story about ordinary people like you and I who have successfully start a new business venture . these people share they success story with the reader , offer insight on what strategy help they reach they present level of success and what challenge they still face . the people feature in the article be more down to earth type who own smaller company , make the magazine more realistic and something i and other can better relate to . many other business magazine spend too much time interview billionaire CEO 's and other who , while they may have some interesting story to share , live lifestyle and have problem that only someone of they stature can relate . on the practical side , entrepreneur contain many timely article about common issues\/problems\/challenges that arise when you own you own company . money , marketing , management , and other key topic be cover in each issue , with a regular department for these critical aspect of business ownership . in these section , you can learn about tax law change , legal issue with benefit , and other related topic . entrepreneur organize each issue quite nicely , with color tab on the page that indicate which section -lrb- money , technology , marketing , etc. -rrb- they pertain to . this make it that much easier to sift through , to find the information you need . and there be a section title `` source '' that help to index the different service and company mention in each issue . overall , this be a useful , practical magazine that can come in very handy for present business owner and for those who have a interest in proprietorship . it keep business owner up to date with the latest change in law and it offer some creative solution to the everyday problem that small business encounter each day .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you shoul read both Inc and Entrepreneur . especially at the subscription price at Amazon . Inc. - very good in depth story . the mentor you do not have . entrepreneur - shorter article but more web\/internet focus .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be no other magazine like it . we read it and can not seem to throw it away . the picture alone be amazing .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have read many positive review of this magazine and I do receive , several month ago , a trial issue . after send in the subscription fee , I be bill again . I write a note let they know that the check have be endorse and deposit . yesterday , I get a notice tell I my subscription have expire after one issue . I give up . it might be good , but customer service be really lousy . what a disappointment .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	interview be one of my favorite magazine . the interview be always good . I think that the interview be more candid since it be do by peer . I also think that the photo shoot in the Interview be some of the best around .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have everything you want to know about something . the picture be fantastic and mesmorizing . you will keep these catalogue even though I know you do not want too . you kid will look through these when they need to do a porject or something like that . you will never want to cancel this subscription becuase this magazine be so great .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic continue to be a exceptional magazine -- fun to look at and read as well as educational on many level .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	here be a magazine that focus on modern design and clean-line architecture without the trendy vibe that make a competitor like `` Wallpaper '' a expensive , hit-or-miss read . what I like most about `` Dwell '' be its consistency in present interesting design from around the world that look quite livable and fashionable at the same time . even the advertisement be quite compatible to the flow of the magazine , so much so that they often look like they be part of the editorial . there be a very useful `` Marketplace '' section at the end that tell you where to get a lot of the art , furniture and accessory complementary to the design present . I have often use these helpful listing to find some interesting thing for my own place . this magazine be definitely gear toward the urban loft dweller , but I like how they highlight home with family in mind as well . individual issue be often focus on either geographic or utility-related theme , thus keep a library mandatory for future reference . the photography be superb . if you be tire of design magazine that seem to be talk specifically to designer , this be a great , reasonably price alternative for people who simply appreciate great design . highly recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I do not understand why this magazine be not available on Kindle . that be the only reason I want a Kindle fire but now I guess I do not .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be no other magazine that show the world to we more then National Geographic . I love it when I be a kid , and I love it even more now .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	the Chicago magazine have a lot of interesting topic that evolve around Chicago . there be one article that be really interesting , it be the Education edition , where they list all the school in the area , and compare the teacher salary , how good the school be , and how much they spend on a student . Chicago , have a house edition , and a restaurant edition . most of the magazine have ad in it , and it be sometimes pricey on the magazine rack .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it be wonderful to see a magazine that focus on the acoustic guitar player . so many magazine seem to zero in primarily on the electric guitarist and rock\/metal artist . this magazine have a bit of everything . interview with musician of various genre , music with notation and tab , and tip on different guitar technique . it be a great way to get to know artist whom I have never hear of before and seek out they music to listen to . I do not subscribe to this magazine -lrb- I be a coffee shop magazine buyer -rrb- , but I do buy it frequently . I be a new guitarist who own two acoustic guitar .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	you have send this review request out too early . I have yet to receive anything from the publisher to review . I have buy from the newstand in the past and enjoy it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be very pleased with Amazon 's service for magazine subscription . for Christmas I purchase j-14 for my little cousin and I think she will start receive it soon if she have not already . the purchasing of the subscription as a gift be easy and I would use the service again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I purchase this as a gift for my husband . he remember go through he grandparent 's stack and stack of National Geographic . he be draw in by the outstanding photography and always learn something new about subject he do not know he be interested in . the same be true now . this be a great magazine , I be glad we be subscriber .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be a great magazine which I recommend to everyone . wonderful picture , interesting article . very educational for child . need I say more ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I take this magazine use a card that give I 15 issue for 15 dollar . seem like a good deal . however , I be very disappoint in the content of this magazine and will not renew . all the instrument review praise every instrument they cover . I go to a guitar store and try out a couple of they and be very disappointed with some of they selection . they be pure junk . with that in mind , I have no confidence in they review and they magazine . I receive the issue 1-2 month before the cover date . that be ok but the web link to the listen clip be not active at that time . by the time the cover date come around I have move on . do not waste you money on this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Woodworkers Journal have attract some of my favorite woodworking expert from the other magazine . Michael Dresdner , Ellis Wallentine , Shondor Nagaslaski be all great tool and woodworking expert and give I the information that I need to advance my skill and keep work in the shop interesting . I can hardly wait for the next issue to arrive . it will have shop tip , jig , finish tip and project . no other magazine have this well rounded approach to woodworking .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the price on Amazon be amazing ... I just have National Geographic call and try to bargain we down to $ 34 ... we love the magazine , but why continue to pay this ng price by go directly to the magazine ~ which we have be do for over 10 + year . Alex alex.gerstenzang@gmail.com
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I just get this issue of j-14 lately . it have stuff like when mom tell all about celebrity 's childhood like JoJo and Jesse McCartney . and my favorite , this issue have stuff about feng shueus for bedroom . it will help I when I redo my room this summer . this issue rule !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a exceptional magazine that have keep be quality high in both its write product and its photography .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a rise in Hell would be all the fairer as a god-breathed thing cast its beauty even in depths of darkness . I have grow quite fond of National Geographic Magazine over the past few year . I be not a subscriber . my parent be . yet , even as occasional bathroom light , this magazine have enlighten I on much and change my view on a subject more than once . be there any greater prophetic voice call out in the wilderness today ? none that I have find . National Geographic have be go after some huge issue : the diamond trade , modern slavery , global warming , the epidemic of obesity , nuclear waste . they have cover these issue well and cast a bright light on many of the world 's darkest place . in this new age -- where we have be soften and too often cozen by the prevalence of opinion , attitude and style over fact -- National Geographic be the one place I know I can go for hard hit journalism and writing -lrb- and excellent image -- let 's not forget that here -rrb- that rise above the everyday . this remarkable magazine accomplish all this and still cover the interesting place of the world -lrb- and beyond -rrb- with excellence . one recent article of this sort that spring to mind be one they do on Badlands National Park . I visit the park this summer and feel that my visit be deepen and enhance by have first read the article . I give National Geographic my highest recommendation .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I will never buy anything from national geographic again !!!! I have have this subscription for 8mo now and for 8mo have be be stock !!! there be atleast 4 different company that call you each month to tell you that they be service you subscription -lrb- total lye because I get it through Amazon who have not bug I even once -rrb- they call all hour of the day and no matter how many time I say take I off you list they keep call !!!! also National Geographic have several junk department that call try to get you to buy movie and such from they . I have never be hound so much . these people be relentless . I have other subscription to magazine that I have purchase through amazon with no problem but these guy be awefull !!!!! the farther I get into this subscription the more they call . Christmas week it be 3 time EACH DAY and they wont take I off the list . this be a beautiful magazine but at this point I be so sick of they that see one make I sick !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I use to read this at my grandmother house when I spend summer with she . my child enjoy flip through the page to look at the photo , so they will be the 4th generation of my family to read this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Whenever I feel that this country have go beserk , I read Harper 's and especially Lewis Lapham 's editorial , and realize that sanity still exist . he always seem to hit the mark squarely and it be a shame that we do not hear and see more of he .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order two subscription as Xmas gift at $ 48.00 each . in January I order a gift subscription from the publisher on the net and the cost be only $ 36.00 . that be quite a difference . of course I will look more carefully in the future when order book etc. .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be two good way to tell what audience at which a woodwork magazine be aim . the first be the type of advertising , and the second be how much skill do the project expect you to have . it be pretty clear right away that Woodworker 's journal server home woodworker who be already of moderate skill . the advertised ` big toy ' run in the 500 to 1500 dollar range , although there be a couple of high end combination machine in the add as well . Articles expect you to know how to use the tool of the trade but not sure about the ` best ' way to do something . a recent issue make a study of a intarsium back high chair with some interesting joinery , and instruction for make a genuinely exotic angle jig for a table saw . write be solid and reasonably illustrate , but they devote little space to what you should already know , which can make these project a stretch for a tyro . the magazine be very tool orient . there be not a lot of space devote to hand tool or history . expect article compare nail gun and help you decide whether stationary or bench top equipment be right for you . however , traditionally manual task like finish also receive they due . I find the Woodworker 's Journal suit I quite well , and I expect to continue read it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I think this magazine would be full of page about antique with picture , explanation of the item and possible value . I find it have too much advertising , not enough about antiques\/antiquing for my taste . it have very high quality\/high price antique , so if this be what you collect or be interested in this be for you . the printing be lovely . I be look more for antique like you might acidentally find , not the one you have to mortgage you home to own ! other may love this magazine but I do not . cancel this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I place the order since Amazon have such a great promotional cost . however ... I order on 03\/27\/2011 , get charge by Amazon on 03\/28\/2011 , but yet have not receive any magazine as of 04\/28\/2011 . a lot of people complaint go through Amazon take 2 month to process . other complaint the they receive a few back order all at once . I have not receive my order yet , but I be expect the worst at this time . I will update this e-mail should my order finally get process . 05\/07\/2011 Update I have to take my word back . so far , I have receive my 1st magazine around 05\/02\/2011 and it be the May issue . I have not receive any older issue . also , @schmidt , I be aware of the 6-10 week wait when I place the order . I just do not see the reason why it take that long . anyhow , everything be so far so good .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	along with National Review , the Weekly Standard be one of the most popular and influential conservative magazine out there . while it tend to promote the same issue of nr -lrb- and even use many of the same writer -rrb- , the Weekly Standard tend to be the more partisan of the two . while nr often take the more intellectual approach to the modern day issue , the Weekly Standard have always tend to go more for the gut . both magazine , however , do a outstanding job promote and defend conservative position and , as a bonus , both can be wickedly funny . I especially enjoy the Weekly Standard 's Scrapbook , a regular column where some of the more bizarre and inane action of the left be give proper exposure . as well , the Weekly Standard 's book and movie review be , at time , superior even to National Review 's . as a magazine , the Weekly Standard be a must for conservative and will probably be enjoy by moderate -lrb- and perhaps even open-minded liberal -rrb- with a sense of humor . as for those you who be still bemoan the result of the Florida recount and wish Clinton could have have a third term -- well , I think mother Jones be still look for subscriber ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be read Asimov 's for a number of year . I may not always find all of the story to my taste , however I enjoy the opportunity to read genre that I might not otherwise have read and it have help I discover author that I would have otherwise miss . overall , it be well worthwhile .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the Weekly Standard remain the staple conservative magazine . I enjoy it for 3 basic reason : 1 . the shorter article and column provide a real-time update in current affair since the mag be weekly . 2 . the core article be several page long and cogently represent the larger picture . they provide enough reading content to furnish a week ' worth of situational reading . 3 . the book review be top shelf and perhaps the best available . I have ` discover ' several gem from among they . the weekly standard be expertly write for the educate reader . the editorial quality be top shelf . although ` thinner ' than the National Review , the Weekly Standard be simply superior in my opinion . I do subscribe to both . my only beef with the w be the ` last page ' . it be grow tired . a new device would be welcome .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the only diabetes magazine out there worth the money and the reading time ... lot of good info and advice .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the guidepost magazine help keep my faith go . I love these magazine because they be not focus on specific religion -lrb- Catholic , Baptist , Jewish , etc. -rrb- and article be write by reader with they everyday life . if I start to have doubt , read the magazine usually help erase doubt . if I start to feel low\/no spirit , the magazine usually really uplift my spirit . I have be a subscriber for about 20 year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	AMAZON ALWAYS have the right price on all the magazine . NATIONAL GEO . WAS a excellent price and I give it as a gift .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	again this magazine come before Christmas and send both the Dec. and Jan. issue . not happy to receive two issue at once and before Christmas , when it be suppose to be a present .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	as a library administrator I get to see and read a awful lot of woodwork book and magazine . I have be a personal subscriber to Woodworker 's Journal for a year now , and a off and on reader of the magazine for about 5 year . in that time I have grow to appreciate this as a very good woodwork magazine . be it my favorite ? no , but I still like it well enough to recommend it to other . I also regularly read fine woodworking , Workbench , Wood , Popular Woodworking , etc. and like all of those , this magazine have its strength . I find that wj be very into power tool , tool review -lrb- theirs be among my favorite -rrb- , and shop project . have say all of that , I also must confess that the best piece of furniture I ever build come from a plan in WJ magazine -lrb- a art & craft style wine storage table -rrb- , so do not pigeon-hole it too much . try it for a year and I bet you will not be sorry !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i only receive 2 issue !!! -lrb- oct and April -rrb- I think I be go to have a issue for each month ... it be nonsense for I ... be i misunderstand the meaning of 1-yr renewal ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my great-grandmother buy subscription to guidepost for all of she grandchild year after year . I grow up eagerly read the story every month since I learn to read in grade school . when my sister and I marry and move out , my mom continue the tradition by pay for we subscription every year . after I read each issue , I pass it along to my girlfriend , who then pass it to she neighbor . my husband and I buy subscription every year for we seven adult niece and nephew , as well as for several friend . these story never fail to put I in a better mood . Whenever I be feel down or I can not sleep , I pick up a guidepost . usually , I can not put it down until I have read the whole issue . the story be all from real , normal , everyday people . they get my mind off of myself , remind I of God 's faithfulness , and put life in proper perspective . this be the only magazine of which I can honestly say you will not be disappoint . it be worth the price , many time over . everyone with whom I have share it have grow to love it , too . I feel that it be the best gift I can give someone I care about .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I grow up read National Geographic , cherish its splendid photography and exceptional journalism . indeed , it have get better over time , offer cutting-edge story range from genetics to global warming . to its everlasting credit , National Geographic have never lose sight of the `` human element '' in its story , provide its readership with balanced reporting cover all side of a issue , often take the pulse of those affect . it be - and still remain - a exciting armchair `` explorer '' , take reader to distant locale across the globe . but now , you be as likely to read about dispose nuclear waste in the former Soviet Union as well as the people of a newly independent country in the South Pacific . one of National Geographic 's strongest strength have be its photography , and its current staff include some of today 's finest documentary photographer and photojournalist , whose work often rival that from independent photo agency such as black star and Magnum Photos . without question , this remain one of the finest magazine publish now .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a informative magazine for antiquarian and person interested in interior design and decorative art . the article be well-written and accompany by good photograph and illustration . it be a pleasure to read and you will come away from it each time learn something new that be worth remember .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine if full of fun fashion item ! it show you some great idea of how to do thing for the upcoming year ! its a definite go !! : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be get this magazine for several year now . it be chock full of interesting article and great recipe . some recipe be a little hard or involve for I but I always find 3 or 4 in every issue that I try as soon as I get the magazine . I also end up cut 3 or 4 more out for future use . I have several recipe that have turn into old family favorite now . the article be well write , the photography be great , hot hot hot !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	with all those trashy teen magazine out there today , you be probably a little reluctant to try this one . well , do not be !! it be a respectible magazine with plenty of interesting story , picture , and quiz . the only complaint I have be that it be very focus on the `` rap world '' right now , so I do not read half of the story . but other than that , I love this magazine and could not live without it on a desert island !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the best fashion magazine to keep I up to date on thing I do not want to miss out on : the latest style , the most interesting people , new beauty product and technique that I might not know about . I love the advertisement , too . the photograph be gorgeous ! the model be beautiful . I study everything from cover to cover . highly recommend this . I can not imagine not get it every month -- I do not want to miss anything !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	with the size and appearance of a slimmed-down reader 's DIGEST , the less famous BIRD WATCHER 's DIGEST be a chirpy little optimist of a magazine not so very different from , say , a black-capped chickadee . short and moderate-sized article cover specific species , how-to\/techniques , choose the right birding equipment , and joy-of-birding anecdote . advertisement abound but do not overwhelm . some be quite helpful . bwd be a perky standard for birder both casual and serious .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	who do not know National Geographic ? despite the term ` national ' in the title , this be a publication that have a international reputation , and have set its sight on explore every inch of the globe , and beyond . School child everywhere use National Geographic as a resource . it be a periodical , however , that go far beyond the school library . interesting , erudite , broad-ranging and fascinating -lrb- in addition to be , dare I say it , educational -rrb- , National Geographic have something for everyone .  Articles involve history , culture , sociology , biology , architecture , archaeology , and physical science in addition to the trademark item , geography . recent issue have include article on archaeology of the Indus Valley , earthquake in Turkey , samoan culture , jellyfish , and dinosaur . National Geographic have a knack for combine the timely with the timeless to make each issue interesting from a current event perspective -lrb- recent article on the Golan Heights and tour London show this -rrb- as well as be worthy of retain for future reference by combine history and other detail .  couple with the article , National Geographic have fantastic photography . in the June issue , there be a ` family photo ' that be take at the annual photographic seminar in Washington , D.C. , in which more than half of the regular contributor to the magazine be present and photograph around the great seal of National Geographic . accord the caption :  ` the 47 man and woman show have collectively log some 700 year take picture for this magazine alone . they have photograph roughly 715 article , and at a current average of 29,000 frame shoot per story , that work out to about 20.7 million image . '  author and photographer for National Geographic be perhaps one of the most diverse lot of people work for any periodical . from urban to rural , civilised to exotic to remote and desolate location ; from peaceful and happy event to battlefield and disaster situation ; from home life to professional life to religious life and beyond , these woman and man have cover almost every aspect of the world -lrb- and beyond ! -rrb- . photographic and journalistic excellence be a hallmark of this magazine , and it show in every issue .  but the map ! what about the map ? oh , yes , this be perhaps the distinguish feature of National Geographic , something that be also well-known from school day . Teachers always love to put National Geographic map up on the wall , and issue continue to include the most up-to-date map of country , physical feature , even the moon , planet , and star system .  the National Geographic Society be found in 1888 as a nonprofit scientific and educational organization , and have in that time support more than 6500 exploration and research project . they have also include in more recent time to support student with scholarship . for instance , since 1993 they have give a scholarship each year to a british student in conjunction with the british Cartographic Society , in recognition of the outstanding mapmaking student in the UK . this will help continue the tradition on National Geographic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	grant , it be call ` Catholic Digest ' but it lack in the way too many catholic publication lack ... it do not get often enough into what it mean to live out a catholic faith in a everyday world .  it be very well-written , and have a sharp `` guidepost '' or `` Reader 's Digest '' feel about the look and tone .  some article in Catholic Digest can be poignant , but I want my faith challenge . I want to know how I can serve Christ Monday-Friday . explain to I the Liturgy ... why be various aspect of it important ? what about what the Bible say about alcohol , or daily prayer ? how about define Mary 's official role , dispel the mistaken belief than she be equal to Christ -lrb- the question of veneration versus worship -rrb- ?  the protestant magazine be load with account about how God change they life . I would like to see more of that . the Protestants have lot of Bible study and that sort of thing in they magazine . do I have to buy a Protestant magazine like `` Discipleship Journal '' `` Moody monthly '' to learn how to be a better Christian ? they be fine , but it seem with the long history of great theologian , someone could get a catholic variation on all of that .  I think catholic Digest be the best publication offer for Catholics . but I would like more meat .  Anthony Trendl
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	`` Hawaii '' be a magazine devote to cover all aspect of Hawaii , and as such be orient less toward tourist and more toward resident than many other publication . the magazine cover current event in Hawaii , environmental issue on the island , and feature many cultural and heritage-oriented article that many tourist will find of only pass interest . every issue have a useful event calendar for all the island individually -lrb- `` Kauai Happenings , '' etc. -rrb- the editor be very good to cover all the island equitably , with as much emphasis on Kauai as Oahu , for instance . despite the seeming focus on resident , there be many article of interest to visitor , and numerous advertisement of great use to tourist as well . I enjoy visit Hawaii and find the magazine to be worthwhile , and actually enjoy the fact that it be not focus exclusively on the tourist ; the thing I learn from `` Hawaii '' magazine help I to more fully appreciate the beauty and nuance of all the island . I recommend `` Hawaii '' to anyone interested in know more about America 's most tropical state .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	oh , I love Vogue and its flashy , flaunting of fashion , its article laud vacuous socialite , `` it-girl '' actress and the occasional over-40 writer\/power mogul , and page of outerspace-priced clothing on willowy martian-looking mannekin -lrb- who we all know now on a first name basis -rrb- . really , I love it ! okay , well , it be a bit in love with itself and its authority on fashion , but really lady , fashion will not save the world , no matter how many charity ball you cover . it be hard to get as work up over a -lrb- last season -rrb- pair of ostrich shoe or clutch purse , and enter a mosh pit at some Barney 's outlet sale at you `` insider be '' behest . it really could whip some impressionable young people into a froth of rampant materialism ! make one wonder if those bound-in perfume sample be start to smell like `` advertorial ! '' vogue do have its merit , include great photography , the occasional thought-provoking article by a guest writer , and bit on designer lurk on the fringe of affordability . still , it be a fun bit of eye-candy and fantasy\/vicarious luxury live each month . yes , I do have a subscription , but I read it with a boulder of salt lodge firmly in my cheek .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I read LONG TIME AGO . pl . send me a recent sample . will subscribe thereafter ... ... ... thanks
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	sorry , but I have to chime in , since actual conservative do not seem to review this magazine . I would hate for the Standard to become the `` conservative magazine for the think leftist . ''  this magazine be a taste of the conservative movement . it be a good way to ease into conservatism -lrb- and yes , they do comment on that whole lewinski\/purgery\/obstructing justice `` nonsense '' -rrb-  the first thing you 'll notice about the Standard -lrb- and indeed most conservative publication -rrb- be how bare-bones it be . very few full page photograph with two word ever grace it be page . the page contain plain text , thoughtful opinion from various author . -lrb- the website even feature Larry Miller -- among the funniest comedien who do not need the `` f '' word -rrb-  conservative and liberal alike will find enough to disagree with in this one -lrb- though the latter will have a harder time with it -rrb- . I recommend get the National Review\/Weekly Standard bundle just to balance out the McCain worship from the Standard .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	during the 1980s and 90s harper decay badly from a journal of literature and opinion into a collection of short piece and meaningless chart - sort of a journal for the literary pretentious with a short attention span . during the late 90 and the early part of this century , a effort be make to recreate the old Harpers .  go now be the annoying fragment and pointless table , but the quality of the writing be still variable . at its best , Harpers still trail far behind the Atlantic , and at its worst it be pitifully sophmoric . I 'll try it again in a few more year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I purchase this subscription for myself because I be a birder . I would previously subscribe to this periodical but let it lapse . love the magazine before and still love it . great info for anyone who love birding .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be the Architectural Record of ` building for people ' , instead of ` building for architect ' . they exemplify how sustainablity be bring back humanity to architecture , through a mind set , not a building style . to the editor of Dwell - you keep female architect in the profession with you inspiration for change . thank you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have have a Vogue subscription for at least 10 year but will not be renew my subscription . I be tired of see celebrity on the cover-if I be interested in they I would subscribe to people or InStyle magazine . the magazine have become much more celebrity-focused over the year instead of be fashion-focused . there be plenty of celebrity content to be find in mag and on the web . no thanks .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I have be read Selling Power from the public library near my office and decide I should not be jostle with other for the latest copy , so I subscribe through Amazon in September this year . 3 month later , I have yet to receive my first copy and Amazon reply via email that my order be lose and they have re-process it so I would have to wait 4-6 week again . as of today , I be still wait for my 1st copy due to arrive in another month -lrb- hopefully -rrb- . I be outraged and they have refund I a portion of the subscription -lrb- which be not much , it still frustrate why can not they just do a express delivery ? -rrb- . I be not sure if this be the fault of Amazon or the publisher but look like they motto be to sell well and forget about aftersale !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a old favorite with adul and kid - informative , amazing picture , fact and a eye opener to the world we live in ! these be good for project , reference , and many other research source ... . a real life mag . . that spark question and interest - a teaching tool , not a cute home decor manual !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love the magazine , but once you subscribe ... you get inundate with all kind of offer . I feel like the magazine be a gimmick to get I on they mailing list ... and all they friend . I finally have to quit take it ... then all the other offer stop .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I know some people have have trouble with order magazine through Amazon , but my first magazine can surprisingly quickly . on top of that , National Geographic be fantastic . they cover important topic and couple it with stunning photography . I read every issue cover to cover , and then usually pass it on to a friend to read . excellent , sobering outstanding journalism .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I suppose this be not a product review exactly , but I be suppose to receive this at a reduce rate after buy something else , and never receive even one issue , even after contact Amazon , and the magazine subscription dept. .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have learn so much from this magazine . it take you into culture from all over the world and teach you about they . every month you be look at picture of event and people sometimes in place that you have never even hear of . really educational and top notch .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it be the go-to for fashion , style , beauty , and everything in between . it be the Fashion Bible !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic offer a broad overview about almost all interesting issue concern history , science and nature . I always enjoy to get the next issue since besides the main theme on the cover there be a variety of additional coverage of present and past matter . also the effect of global warming , foreign culture , historic event and process , the destruction of nature by man and many social problem in Third World country be describe and explain in detail . I just love that magazine and do not want to miss it anymore . it be worth to collect it in a slipcase or anything like that . the coverage often have up-to-date reference but also there be many article and passage which be just timeless . this subscription at amazon I have purchase for a dear friend who have not the money to buy the monthly issue , just to share everything with she . I be sure she 'll enjoy the magazine since she be so much interested in all those issue deal with . I would recommend it highly . for everyone who be interested I even would recommend to go ahead into the next bookshop and take a look into the current issue , just to get a overview what I be write about . enjoy reading ! I look forward to each come monthly issue of this great magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the magazine for those who like it hot .  while there be plenty of coverage of the so-hot-it-will-burn-your-face-off item , the bulk of the magazine cover mouth watering cooking that will be sure to please at any level of heat . each issue include about 50-75 recipe , all of which be high quality , useful , and practical . a recipe index in the front of the magazine list all the recipe by category .  Chili Pepper be print on glossy paper and contain load of beautiful photograph . in fact , the ad be also exceptionally beautiful and colorful , and in no way detract from the overall aesthetics of the magazine . hot sauce , salsa , powder , kitchen gadget , pepper plant , and a host of other thing can be find in the ad .  this be a great gift for those who like to spice it up !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we entire family read this magazine cover to cover . the absolute best way to learn about animal , nature , other society and cutting-edge science .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be extremely well design , produce and it be content be intriguing . I would have to admit , this be pretty much gq for home renovator , meaning , most of we will never ever have enough money to buy even a faucet from any of the design . as a Graphic designer I have to say this magazine be one of my favorite to just glance at . every picture be amazing , every page be well design and lay out . the content be well write . the material use wreak polish and quality . it be not the magazine fault I be poor , but its image of extreme opulence remind I .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be progressive and insightful . the editorial design be top quality . it be fun and challenging . it avoid the typical business mediocrity in regional publication . oh , by the way , I be the Art Director of this magazine , so my review might be a little bias . sorry .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	a subscription to this non-magazine be a gift . so far I have receive one issue . however , I feel that potential subcriber need to know that this be not worth the paper it be print on . the project be outdate , very simplistic and not creative or attractive . the issue which I receive be a whopping 38 page . if a product could be rate MINUS 5 star , that be what this be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I absolutely hate when a magazine choose to send I multiple issue at the same time to start my subscription . I do not have time to get through 3 issue before the next one come . I be sure it be much more convenient for the publisher but in this day and age , they computer can easily keep track of when my subscription start and end . at this point , I be unlikely to renew this subscription because of this practice .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be a interior architect , I appreciate the diversity , breadth and depth of the article . they commitment to high quality , not high budget , residential and product design keep they magazine on the top of my `` must read '' periodical reading pile . although my focus be not residential design this magazine continue to be a source of inspiration . they have truly raise the bar for residential design , bar none !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscribe for nearly 50 year . it be the greatest . there be always something to capture my interest , and the photography be still superb . every family should have it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	the story be nice but when I receieve the first copy I think it be a small catalog . I know it be never as large as other magazine but its really small . its not a bad magazine but I will not be reordering .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	although at time the advertising can be questionable -lrb- the recent issue include a ad place by Chevron -rrb- , the content be well worth the low price of a subscription . there be few magazine leave that include material of such depth , and the broad scope of its content be both suitable and satisfying . one important benefit Harper 's provide to its subscriber be access to the full content of all arhived issue back to 1850 . this alone be worth the price of a subscription . one more note : I hope it be appropriate to suggest subscribe directly , as this will knock off quite a few week of nail-biting anxiety as you impatiently and obsessively check you mailbox , wait for the first copy of you subscription to arrive .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I get this magazine subscription free , so no complaint there about the price . that be say , I would never buy this magazine willingly . it try to be edgy and provocative , but fall short in my opinion . only edgy if you have live a sheltered life . the only positive be the magazine format itself and the paper . awesome gloss to it , and I do like how it be bigger than you average mag .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this a good magazine for someone who want to learn to play folk or fingerstyle music . I have try all of the other magazine and this magazine as far as content and price be above the rest . that be say , this magazine be only a good suppliment for you guitar learning . even if you do not desire to do anything but strum a acoustic guitar , I do not think this magazine can be you one source of literature . I would recommend that this magazine be purchase along with one of the mainstream magazine such as Guitar one or Guitar World .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great magazine : I call it semi-popular because it be occasionally technical and often reference in scientific work , but it be very accessible and readable to the inquisitive member of the general public . if you have any interest in life on earth , do yourself a favor and subscribe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	it be okay if u love pop music . but definately dont come here if u in here for the poster unless u want britney spear . they do though have good gossip and embaress momment lot of stuff to read but its not my fav magazine
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be full of the company 's advertisement . the magazine be too thick and like phone book . unless reader be interested to go thru all the company 's catalog , this be perfect for they . the only reason i be subscribe this magazine be they free gift . after all , they free gift be not so good after all , and one time they do not send my free gift . I can not wait to end my subscription . I subscribe this magazine for 2 time , and every time be hope to read something more `` educational '' . but , I be disappointed .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my whole family love this magazine . I think it would take a long time to start arrive , but I be pleasantly surprise .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	despite what many people say about Amazon 's magazine subscription , I like amazon 's . it arrive a month later I order just like most magazine subscription . I be a bit annoyed by the fact that the magazine be not covered\/packed with plastic bag or something like that -lrb- National geography alwasy put they little magazine in the plastic bag ! : d -rrb- . but other than that no problem at all ! and magazine itself be good ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have a beautiful layout with a great combination of interesting article and photography . it do include a lot advertising which only add to the uniqueness of this magazine , because the advertising provide information about high quality item you can not just get around the corner .  I would definitely recommend this magazine for everyone . my friend also have subscription and they just love it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	how can I review this when I have not get it yet ? I will never buy a magazine subscription from Amazon again . almost 2 month and I have not receive anything yet !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	j-14 have all the latest gossip and photo of all my favorite celeb . not only that , it have embarrassing moment , cool comeback , movie review , thick poster . it be my favorite magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to Harper 's for year . in fact , I start after read editor Lewis Lapham 's `` money and class in America : Notes and observation on we civil Religion '' and at least one other book , a collection of he essay .  First , Lapham 's `` column '' at the beginning of each issue I can not recommend enough . in the case of the recent Iraq war , for example , Mr. Lapham have the gut to stand up against it . and he do so in a eloquent and erudite way , less volatile than any stand I be able to publicly make .  the rest of the content be the best I have ever read in a american periodical . for those who refer to Harper 's as `` leftist , '' I be force to disagree . there have be article that be not remotely `` leftist , '' with some of which I happen to agree . but most would consider most of the material `` liberal . ''  -lrb- while I be not much of a short story reader , those who read they in this magazine say they be the best . -rrb-  thanks so much , Mr. Lapham , for you erudite commentary on Iraq , on George W. , on 9\/11 , and on countless other subject . I look forward to each issue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Perfect magazine to become inspired about entrepreneurship and start you own business . I look forward to receive it in the mail every month !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I end my subscription a couple of year ago with agm , String Publishing . they make I a very good offer on a renewal , which I accept . after 4 month I still do not receive a magazine ! I contact customer service , and some dope name Cassandra completely drop the ball , claim she could not view a copy of the cash check , and when I finally threaten with the BBB , she claim I pay for they online service . completely untrue . by the way , it take 2 month of email for she to reach this decision . I email the maagazine editor in a attempt to bypass the dope . I 'll give they another couple of day and then it be off to the Better Business Bureau or the local DA if I can not get anything do through the BBB . the real problem here be that this be the second time they do it to I . shame on I !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I like the magazine , but not the Kindle HD version . I already have a subscription so I decide to try the Kindle HD version , I kid you not it be be download for the last three hour ! I be glad I try it before order the O magazine which be also a larger content magazine . if you have a lot of time for a download and battery recharge go for it , if not it be a bust .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i enjoy the magizine . it be also helpful in school . i learn a lot from read it
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this magazine for my granddaughter last summer . no issue ever arrive . I learn this many month later when I ask my granddaughter how she like it . when I call the magazine , I be tell they would send one or two replacement . they never arrive either . I would not order from they again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	ng mag usually hold my attention with mostly interesting article . some issue dwell too much on a single subject -lrb- that may be near and dear to we , like water -rrb- . there use to be more short article -lrb- geographica -rrb- . the magazine use to have more vary as well as more in-depth article and picture . many article have environmently `` slant '' article , instead of objective article .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I buy the one year subscription -lrb- December 2011 -rrb- but already receive `` notice '' that my subscription be about to run out and that I need to renew -lrb- now only 6 month later -rrb- . I do not get the magazine on time and one month never even get it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a top political journal for people of all stripe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this magazine -lrb- ... -rrb- . it have the scoop on all you favorite star include : Usher , Justin Timberlake , Jessica and Ashlee Simpson , Omarion , Paris Hilton , Nicole Richie , Avril Lavigne , Beyonce ` , Hilary Duff , Nelly , G-unit , Outkast , Jay-Z , Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen , Ashton Kutcher , Britney Spears , Yellowcard , Ashanti , Halle Berry , Alicia Keys , JoJo , Eve , Orlando Bloom , Kelly Rowland , Ludacris plus you could even win cool prize like cell phone !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's magazine be quite simply the single most comprehensive and highest quality literary rag to date . display a unabashed moderate to left wing view , it be a publication for the people . Unafraid to poignantly uncover some of the world 's most touchy subject , this magazine also proudly display some of the most talented writer and essayist in the world . with former contributor include V.S. Naipul , Joyce Carol Oates , Don Dilillo , et al. , you would be hard press to find a literary rival . fun , user friendly , challenging , and eye opening , Harper 's be just the best thing out there . hold a firm edge over such other as Atlantic monthly , the New Yorker , Mother Jones , and the Economist , Harper 's deliver information and creativity with zeal unmatched in today 's magazine scene .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	you can not beat Vogue for great arrticle on art , culture , and design . however , the magazine be clearly gear toward the rich . do not expect any " cheaper version " of runway design . it be a great indulgence for those of we that want to live in a fantasy world of rich socialite .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I learn to dream in from of the page of this magazine . every month I be transport to foreign land . the story be interesting , the photography unparalleled .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Hawaii magazine be the magazine of the state , but they be not even in the state of Hawaii . Hawaii Magazine be publish , edit , and design all in Southern California by the same folk that publish Cat Fancy Magazine . Hawaii be a unique and magical place , and that magic can not be capture from a office thousand of mile away . this show in the page of the magazine , it be just not `` Hawaii '' . in addition the printing be dull and the color be flat , the paper be thin and the story be water down press release . Hawaii deserve something better . try Islands Magazine - it be a great magazine , even if only a portion of it cover Hawaii .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	if you be into celeb , you 'll like this mag but if you not , it will make you -lrb- ill -rrb- . it have good poster , some of the article be interesting , but for the most part its gossip on celeb . mostly i just use mine for poster , but the quiz be fun too . its also good for little kid and older kid because there not much inappropriate stuff . sometimes its like , `` why tweet almost kill herself '' or '' be Alicia Keys gay '' but other than that its okay . on some of the stuff I be like , ... im agaisnt pop music but if you like r & b , hip-hop , and rap they have some good stuff too . overall its a okay mag , but if its my -lrb- money -rrb- then i would rather go out and buy a tee-shirt .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic have always be one of my favorite magazine . the picture be always stunning and the article be always interesting and informative . it be a great way to learn new thing about science and about other culture without actually be there .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	my granddaughter , age 13 , be crazy about a lot of celebrity . this be the perfect gift for she , and I have just renew the subscription for two more year . the second she know it have arrive , she be off to she bedroom to devour the whole issue . she then go back and read it again . -lrb- I be glad it only come once a month , or I would lose she to she room -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	... then you will love Vogue ! vogue be the fashion magazine -- the competition pale in comparison . this gem do not only supply beauty and fashion advice , it breathe it . I love the article on the latest fashion , love the profile on the latest designer and I absolutely love the layout take from runway show in London , Paris , Milan , New York , etc. . I shall continue to renew my subscription as long as Vogue continue to maintain my healthy diet of Valentino and Prada .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as a child , I find this magazine when I could not pronounce `` geographic '' , and adore the brilliant photography , scenery , strange-looking people and place , and be soon struggle to understand the text . my imagination be seize by the Mayans , by the Caves of Lascaux , and always by dinosaur and the other exotic plant and animal they show I . when I be a teenager my parent let I deface they old magazine to illustrate my papers on India , Japan , and anthropology . I want to be a archeologist until I find out I would have to learn a lot of language , so history be a better choice for I . travel , geology , photography , and read become passion . even as a adult , I sit down with the magazine and read it cover to cover the day it arrive , no matter what else I be read then . Whenever I stumble on really old copy -lrb- the magazine be well over a century old -rrb- , I read they to see how the magazine 's point of view have develop . this magazine have truly enriched my life . my parent try I out on various other magazine on nature , but this one be the real deal , and never talk down to I . if you be interested in the world , the universe , the past , the future , and in life , this be the magazine for you . even though they have NG magazine for various age of child now , a curious , eager child could appreciate the real one by ten .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	it take a very long time for the 1st issue to come . I think I receive 1st issue roughly 3 month after place order on Amazon . I then move and promptly update change of address info . that be a least 3 month since i receive the 1st issue . I have still yet to receive 1st issue at new address !!! very poor service . Magazine itself be decent , but will probably just stick with Inc. & fast company after this subscription run out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the clothes be fun to look at too - even though most of we can not even dream about buy stuff by Prada or Carolina Herrera . maybe that be why Vogue be so much fun . this mag evade the snob category by cover very serious subject in its article and interview , and they do slip in affordable fashion for the average woman . fun , so it rate a five for I
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the Digest 's cartoon in the December issue would be inappropriate in any magazine but in a catholic magazine it border on disgust and blasphemous !!! L. Giarratano
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a magazine renewal . we have enjoy this magazine uplift article for many year . the renewal process be simple .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	awesome price !!! awesome product !!! fast delivery !!! who could ask for more ??? thanks so much ! God bless you !! : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be so happy when my magazine come ; from the short story to the longer article , I enjoy every page !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be one of those great magazine that pack a lot of idea and information into each issue . I love the innovative photography , the fresh idea , and the range of dwelling -lrb- apartment to mansion -rrb- they cover . I be really pleased that Amazon suggest this magazine to I , and -- as usual -- offer it at a great price . if I use even one idea from each issue -lrb- and I be likely to use at least a dozen -rrb- , we home will be more comfortable , attractive and efficient each month . sure , I get starry-eyed over the color scheme and frou-frou idea in magazine such as country live and House Beautiful . however , Dwell be the one that get I out of my reading chair and actually make positive change , right away .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you only subscribe to one magazine , ever -- make it Harper 's . the Index , Lewis Lapham and the fine group of editor and contribute writer be something I look forward to every month . I will always subscribe to Harper 's -- regardless of what direction my political or philosophical view may take .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	very good deal on National Geographic . practically free . keep you eye on `` AUTO RENEW '' it be a default setting with many Amazon subscription . it may be remove if you like .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	buy this as a gift for my friend . he enjoy they as I always have .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the subscription be a nice deal . I get two previous issue as compliment . over all its a good deal . I recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	ng be appreciate by my wife . I like it , but she love it and rave about the great photography .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic , a glossy , first class publication , take the reader on a tour around the world to new or far away place . it be broad in scope with well write , matter of fact article on diverse subject that be sure to appeal to armchair explorer everywhere . these article be lavishly illustrate by beautiful photograph that augment the article in a meaningful way . it be also a wonderful reference magazine for school child and the incessant project that they must complete . this informative , though somewhat staid , magazine will appeal to those who be interested in history , animal , geography , science , other culture , and exploration . it be not a magazine write with a eye towards adventure . for that one should look to outside magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	the magazine be Vogue , you know what you be get into there and you either love it or hate it . personally I love it ! my issue be that when I order it through Amazon , it take forever to get my first copy ! I get the last month 's issue ... the current month 's issue come in the middle of the month ! I still havent receive THIS month 's issue , which be very annoying . I could have just continue buy my Vogue off the newsstand and get it earlier ! they really need to fix they delivery time , as its extremely frustrating .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband and I have be buy this magazine for year . I recently find that Amazon carry it and just start a subscription -lrb- at a fantastic price -rrb- . not only do we find the story interesting and informative , but the photography be absolutely gorgeous . the first thing we do when we get a new issue be look at the picture , then read the article . I have also try several recipe . as much as we would like to see more issue than offer in a year , we would not want the quality of this product jeopardize .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be just ok , so so , I have be get it about a year now , it usually have something interesting in it , but not everything , but there be some issue that be very good , and each article be very interesting , so it be sporadic as to how good each issue be . some excellant , some just ok .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Woodworkers Journal have be around a long time -lrb- 40 year maybe ? -rrb- . its because it be such a well write , well round magazine . its my go to magazine for project -lrb- which I have build many -rrb- . the issue size be good , the write top-notch , and project galore . good for the price , good for the project , good for the write-up . they review of tool be usually spot on . I just find this and fine woodwork the best of the bunch .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it a great magazine . I see and learn thing that I do not know that be go on in the world it be worth the money
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	who do not like National Geographic ? well write article , and the most amazing photo . the selling point be the great subscription price !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i think j-14 be a really good magazine if u like to hear the latest gossip about all you favorite celebrity 's , or if u like to get nice poster of all the hot celebrity 's , or even if u like to take those quiz to find out lot of neat different thing !! i recomend this magazine to anyone who like either of those thing !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I think j-14 be such a good magazine . it give I so much information about my favorite star and singer , hair and make-up , clothes . just about everything kid my age would want to know about .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic magazine continue to be a favorite of mine . the article vary widely and cover topic not find in other publication . Photography be first-rate . photo on ng.com website can be download and use for computer background . geography quiz -lrb- 5 question -rrb- include with each magazine be a tough challenge for family member as we see who score best each month . I pass the old issue on to elementary student I tutor .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love how the article be informative and have visual aid . Great magazine truly worth the price if you want to read interesting and captivating article about science and thing that be happen today . 5\/5
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	excellent magazine for adult and kid alike . cover everything from culture , nature , geography , ecology to science and technology . in recent month it have tackle interesting and counterversial subject such as `` the end of cheap oil '' and `` global warming '' . in any edition you can review a wide spectrum of article -- history , science , wild life etc. . I particularly like the article on zipusa where they cover small -lrb- but unique and interesting -rrb- `` zip code '' . there be no better way to learn about diverse life form on this planet . where there be deep deep sea creature or animal live in the evergreen forest . there be no better way to learn about we solar system -- how planet be create or what be star ? recently there be a article on New Earths . my elder child enjoy read this magazine . believe I this be the best way to build interest around science for kid .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	not quite as good as it use to be . what I mean be that if you compare current issue with those from 20-30 year ago you will see for yourself . Todays NG still take you to the far corner of the world in the comfort of you recliner , but these day you get far too many advertisement -lrb- like any magazine -rrb- and attempt to cover current event . nothing wrong with try to stay relevent to the time ... but many people like ng for the `` escape '' it provide .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as some have mention here , it do take a while to start get you subscription , but once you do , you 'll be glad you do . I also renew through amazon when they offer it as a discount from they regular price , so I will get another year of ng . it may be that amazon be use a different service to fulfill subscription order and that be why I have no trouble . I be not sure . all I know be that I have absolutely no problem get the magazine . I do not remember how long it be from order the subscription to get the magazine , but it be less than 2 month , probably 6 week , which I think be reasonable . and I get 3 magazine in quick succession to get I start and catch up . I have always love they article and picture . Writers do a good job of explain they topic or wording they story . I do not care for the occasional plug for evolution , but I just ignore that . -lrb- I be not one of those people who believe the world be create in six 24 hour period , but I do believe that there be a higher intelligence involve in set all this up for we . -rrb- the topic be many and vary . there be always something about animal , and I like to learn about they , the earth , geology , history , etc. . ng be a great medium for learn about this and the natural science . Donald
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Vogue magazine have be around along time . I have be order the magazine since I be 18 year old which be almost 30 year to keep up on trend and the latest designer style . except for the 90 's the magazine have always be on the top of it be game as far as fashion . just renew another year . I also receive other fashion magazine but Vogue be the only one that I have renew continuously .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I like the poster ... but everything ele be pointless . this mag . should be name j-10 or something , because I can not see any of my friend actually pick up this garbage . there be way too much fluff that I personally do not give a dang about . and poor Eminem ... he look constipate on the cover ! lol if you want a real music mag. , I reccommend blender or Rolling Stone . for a true teen mag. , get Teen people or Cosmo Girl ... or YM be you like extra fluff .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I be '' -lrb- l -rrb- iterary , brainy , and left-leaning , '' and I be sure I 'll really enjoy my issue once _ Harper 's _ stop send I the old issue from its warehouse . but it frustrate I no end to find yet another outdated issue in my mailbox and to have Harper 's ignore my request to update my subscription . I subscribe on November 22 . my first issue arrive , as Amazon tell I it would , a few week later . that first issue be the November 2005 issue -- the one I would buy at my local bookstore when it come out two month earlier . there be advertisement in that issue for Christmas television program , and the deadline for submit the puzzle be early December . so it be clearly a outdated issue . and I go to the subscriber service page on the magazine 's website to get the date of my subscription update to reflect my unwillingness to accept old issue as part of my subscription . -lrb- the date of expiration on my mailing label , by the way , be November 2006 -- so this be no simple mail room error . -rrb- no response from _ Harper 's _ . three day ago , I find the February 2006 issue wait for I . Great . the day after that , the January 2006 issue arrive . look , I like _ Harper 's _ . I really do . but I do not like receive leftovers , and I do not like be ignore when I try to get treat like I have half a brain .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine be prime reading , particularly when you be far from home . I send a subscription to my Army son who can now follow NGM no matter where he be station .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	nice mag . have not pick it up for a while  nice pic , decent article . Worth give a look to .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	that be what j-14 stand for . it be for teens pretty much yes . if you like gossip , poster , and info on you favorite celeb , music , and movie . I just start collect they last September and I think they good . I do not care abou the gossip that much but I like the rest of it . I be sick of see those kid off of High School musical though . I wish they would take they out of the magazine . especially Zac Efron ... blech . they good magazine though .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I do believe that j-14 be not for just any aged teen like it publicize . I think the interest of the reader stop at the age of at least 15 -lrb- and that be push it ! -rrb- . after turn about 15 , j-14 become to be a bit too juvenile . I would recommend this magazine to girl between the age of 11-15 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	hus , I read this mag . at a friend 's house and I think it be pretty cool ! some of the artical be downright boring but most be really cool ! also at my age everyone want to know about the latest celeb . gossip but not the junky britney spear kind of stuff . ya ' know ... the song and singer that be hot and stuff ! I think it be great that they finally make a mag . for kid about celeb 's but without all the inopropriate stuff that parent do not want kid to see !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be pretty good for younger girl , like preteen age , who want to read about celebrity , new movie , and new music . it be also good for older girl who be bore and want to read about they favorite pop artist . it be mainly gossip , but it be get some great picture in it . so , check it out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I use to get this magazine awhile ago , but I get tire of read about celebrity . there be not really any real life issue , or even many other topic . unless you love to read about celebrity ' life , I do not recommend this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I would like to classify myself as a moderate but I probably lean conservative . because of that , I subscribe to Harpers so that I could read good writing that would challenge my belief and stretch my mind in new way . I get that , more or less , at first , but over the course of a couple of year the magazine drift further and further to a leftist propaganda screed , the worst of which be Louis Lapham 's bitter drivel editorial . it get to a point where the writing be incredibly predictable ; I know exactly what position -lrb- read : left of pelosus -rrb- the writer -- any writer in Harpers -- would take on whatever the issue be , and I have a pretty good idea of what the line of whine would be . if you attend dinner party on the Upper East Side ; if you drive a Prius to the Oscars ; if you think commercial organic farming be a environmental travesty ; if you have ever desecrate a Starbucks , then look no more -- this magazine be for you . however , if you be dumbfounded at how the Republicans can keep win election -- and then you realize they have the democratic party as opponent ; if you realize the genius of George Bush and Karl Rove be in get liberal to underestimate George Bush and Karl Rove ; if you want to read smart , insightful write that will inform and entertain , then try the Atlantic monthly -lrb- which , by the way , I be surprise to see reviewer describe as a liberal magazine ; I think it be moderate , and if anything , a bit on the conservative side . -rrb- needless to say , I let my Harpers subscription lapse . two star , tho , for the Harper 's Index -- however , that be not worth the price of a subscription -lrb- it get to be the only thing worth anything for the price of the subscription -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be chock-full of celebrity gossip , schmoozy breakup story and wannabe such as Lindsay Lohan and Hilary Duff diss each other . if you be eleven year old , this may be what you want . but for anybody older than preteen , this magazine do no provide . multi millionare complain about how hard they life be issue after issue get really old , really quickly . for more sophisticated teens , there be much better magazine available .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	when I be a little girl I always try to steal my friend mother 's `` Cosmopolitan '' . I do not really understand what Cosmo really be , but at the time I truly believe that be what every woman read . my mother find I read it with my friend and almost lose she mind , when I come back from school a vogue be wait for I in the mailbox . I think it be my mother 's but she tell I if I be go to idolize a woman 's magazine and would not stick to my highlight or american Girl , I would idolize something sensible . I be just a little girl glance at the glossy page of high end clothing from Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent , loving each beautiful model , amaze by the greatest photo ever take for a fashion magazine -lrb- Annie Leibovitz have become the most use and artistically draw photographer use by Vogue -rrb- , and the best article that can be use for brainless reading material or important advice . six year later I be still read Vogue -lrb- and can use the advice more productively than I could have when I be twelve . -rrb- I sort of mature faster than other girl , while they be talk about who be they take for the dance , I be discuss why the price of silk and taffeta be lower due to China 's economy expansion and about Tom Ford design for the retire Yves Saint Laurent ... well not exactly but you get my point . one down side be I have get addict to the evil the Vogue bring . from it be amazing ad , I have come to love the more expensive thing in life , like designer handbag and beautiful coat . I have even go on more diet I can count -lrb- but this come from Anna Wintour , who even tell Oprah `` I would love to be on we cover -- but you have to loose 30 '' , the woman be persistant about thinness in she magazine . -rrb- however , I truly feel that I have become the woman I be today instead of boxer wear tomboy with no manners at all , because of Vogue . the reason I give only four star be because I be truly start to apperciate W Magazine . it have the need to know gossip , the longer page , and more of a down to earth approach for those who really do not associate , or can stand , the socialite world .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Cowboys and Indians be one of the delight in my life . I anxiously await each magazine and the wonderment inside . delightfully educational , professionally present - I learn from each article and share the equisite advertisement with my friend . I have give this magazine as gift subscription to friend who also enjoy the history , the now and preservation of the West . thank you for hour of enjoyment !! Mrs. Lynne Beaird Catawba , NC
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be both beautiful and informative . . it should be in every household , especially where there be child .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Harper 's remind I of a book reading I once go to . the author read a selection from Proust . it take forever and when she finally get to the ` point ' the crowd all murmur and nod in approval at its profundity . I think I be go to go out of my mind ... . . what be so profound about take 1000 word to make a point that could have be make in ten word or less ? and therein lie my problem with Harper 's . people here compare it with other `` thoughtful '' magazine like the Atlantic and the New Yorker . no. ... it be not like those magazine at all ; every paragraph in those magazine be pack with information that be critical to understand the entire story . they do not take the rambling `` blue highway '' approach like Harper 's do . if you really want a magazine that be balanced and in depth without the wander prose of Harper 's try my two favorite : the New Yorker and the Economist . I also recommend the Atlantic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I finally receive a subscription to this amazing magazine as a gift , and I have read my first issue cover-to-cover over the span of two day . this month 's -lrb- February 2003 -rrb- issue include , among other thing , a essay on the inevitable doom that human will eventually face when we planet experience its next major cosmic collision . . unless , of course , we manage to annihilate ourselves via environmental , militaristic , pathological , or technological means , pre-empt the arbitrary extinction cause by a asteroid or comet .  every issue of Harper 's contain excellent essay , fiction , political discussion , and of course the Harper 's staple , such as the index . many of the story and essay win major literary prize such as the O'Henry award , and get include in high-profile anthology such as the \* best american \* series . certainly , for a writer , if you be choose to appear in Harper 's , you be at the pinnacle of you craft .  although the New Yorker , Atlantic monthly , and many other smaller literary magazine consistantly offer excellent content and visually please format , Harper 's seem to lead the pack -- maybe because of it be no-nonsense approach , limited advertising , regionally non-specific content , and diversity of topic . the fact that Harper 's be aid by a non-profit organization must contribute to its quality ; certainly any independence from advertiser can only improve the open-endedness and creativity that Harper 's excel in .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	my sister have be subscribe to j-14 since it first come out , and I have always view it as the magazine to read if you want to know more about celebrity . unlike most other teen magazine that talk about beauty , fashion , celebrity , world news , real-life issue , etc. all in one magazine , j-14 's main focus be celebrity , which be great if you do not want to read all the other part of a teen magazine . you 'll mostly find talk about singer , although this magazine focus on movie and tv too . each issue include at least 5 nice , glossy poster to hang up on you wall , many of the latest celebrity picture , up-to-date news about what movie and cd be come out , article about various celebrity , and more . my main concern with this magazine be that the editor and writer seem to have make up the information in this magazine to attract attention , so all of it may not be true . the part of the magazine that really bother I be `` be it true ? , '' which be a page of celebrity rumor and whether they be true or not . I do not know which one to believe , so I usually skip this part . I really like the `` cool comeback , '' `` how embarrassing ! , '' and `` Truth or Dare '' page , which be actual event send in by real teens with the most outrageous dare they have ever do , embarrassing moment , and greatest comeback . one other good thing about this magazine be that it cater to all sort of taste . for example , you 'll find article about Britney Spears , Clay Aiken , Ashanti , and Kelly Osbourne all in one . a okay magazine overall , but those who be not celeb-obsessed might find it to be boring .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you have any business interest or any entrepreneurial flame , this magazine be for you . each month entrepreneur come out with incredible content that will keep you read for hour .  unlike most magazine in which you may read a couple article , Entrepreneur have succeed in make virtually 90 % of each issue worthwhile .  as a small business owner , a student , and a entrepreneur by heart , I give this magazine 5 star , hand down .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love guidepost ! I have subscribe to this magazine for year . I have try other inspirational magazine and they be not the same . guidepost be by far the most uplifting magazine I have ever read . the story always touch my heart . the only thing that could make this magazine better be to make it available for Kindles .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for the past 7 year I have renew this magazine as a gift subscription to my teenage nephew . it come in useful since he be in College . he love to learn . this be a appropriate gift for a teenager . and he get this magazine every month in he mailbox . its a gift he can enjoy year round
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the name speak fir itself . National Geographic have always be a great source for people from all walk of life to learn and explore .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for a Saturday afternoon of light , but encouraging reading , buy a subscription to `` guidepost . '' there be deeper magazine , bt do not be fool ... every article here connect richly with the soul . this be the kind of magazine both Catholics and Protestants can both love . it be great gift for you friend who attend the church across the street from yours . short vignette and more involved profile color this magazine in much the same way a Reader 's Digest might , except with a clear spiritual flavor . it be ecumenical yet uncompromising : I fully recommend `` guidepost . '' you will not be disappoint . Anthony Trendl http:\/\/anthonytrendl.blogspot.com
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a amazing magazine that explore interest all over the world with no boundry and lot of honesty . definently a must for the curious or just anybody with interest other than fashion and quiz .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the best ever magazine in all field ... though they be get mean nowadays and reduce the number of page per issue !!! it be really a great reading from cover to cover ... everybody must get it !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have not receive this item yet , so I can not give it a review .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the first thing , they send the first issue three moth later , then they send 3 more and stop . I dont know why but I will keep wait , after this end , I will transfer to ipad version .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	interview be a interesting diversion . I prefer interview over people or Us because the quality of the interview subject select really stand out over time . if you have not read Interview , most article be people in the art interview by someone they already know or have something in common with . consider it if you would be interest by what would happen to people if it be to be run by the staff of the New Yorker from the 70 's .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	but still pretty interesting ? I love the picture and most of the story . but I might not renew when the year be up
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this be definitely not the Vogue , as we know it . as a matter of fact , the american Vogue be one overestimate pound of paper full of ad , a little bit of fashion in between , and some socialite news . and I mean full of ad , page after page ! I can not help but wonder what be next ?? coupon ??? this be just a pathetic exploitation of the name of Vogue . if you want to read the real Vogue , go for the Vogue Paris - such a huge difference in quality !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be a reader of ng for many year , and my son -lrb- age , 16 , 21 & 22 -rrb- look forward to it arrival every month as much as I do .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	ng be a great magazine and have very interesting article . also the first issue arrive earlier than I expect . so gr8 service from amazon at a very good price .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Georgraphic be one of the best magazine out there . it be extremely educational and informative with just outstanding photograph . for the young , old , and all inbetween ! Great , Great Service from Amazon.com ! I recommend both highly . no problem whatsoever ! go for it !!!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the magazine have a great layout , I love reading and discover the down to earth life some celebrity live . I think the mag capture and preserve we country with beautiful picture . its make you wonder off and dream about travel within certain part of the States .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have be suck in to get this magazine twice for subscription simply because it be so cheap . both time I find it to be just awful . if I find one interview in it that I be interested in it be lucky . and then the concept of have a famous person interview another famous person ? well that sound like a novel concept but it usually really stink and the interview and interviewer prove to be inept . I give it a second chance and it still do nothing for I . they will not get a third chance once this subscription run out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you be look for catholic news , culture , spirituality , history , apologetic , liturgical update , or DOCTRINE , THIS be certainly not the magazine for you . the article feature in Cath . dig . be HETERODOX -lrb- not orthodox -rrb- , and stray -- in tendency or in explicit term -- from the magisterium of the Church . anti-christian feminism , homosexual activism , and general modernist revisionism and a rebellious `` anti-dogmalism '' pervade the page of `` Catholic '' Digest , though often -lrb- but not always -rrb- with veil language . for Catholics try to get they faith straight , or Protestants and non-Catholics try to find out more about what the christian faith be all about , stay away from this publication !!  as a cleric and a pastor of the flock of God , I strongly urge you not to purchase this magazine .  the Rev. Enzo G. Selvaggi
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order the subscription on 11\/24\/09 Hope it only take 4-6 week . have two more week to go . could have order it direct from ng and start it right away but be $ 10.00 more . it may turn out to be a better buy if I do not receive it ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a truly great magazine . fascinating article , and of course , the most beautiful photo of people and place . very interesting and educational from cover to cover . I think this should be require reading for all Americans .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this have be my favorite magazine for over 30 year . the photo , article , and investigation have heighten awareness for all these year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's be simply a joy to read . I look forward to each new issue . Harper 's and Mother Jones be easily the most well write magazine available in the US . the New Yorker and the Economist -lrb- from a literary perspective -rrb- would probably tie for third . I would also agree with past review regard the political slant -lrb- centrist -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I think Lewis Latham 's `` Notebook , '' which appear at the beginning of each issue be , all by itself , reason enough to subscribe to Harpers -lrb- and at this price , who can resist ? -rrb- . like nearly everyone else , I like the index but wish , like nearly everyone else , there be more in the magazine about the item themselves . best of all , however , be `` reading , '' the snippet , essay , statement , photograph , poem , letter , dialogue , leaflet , very short story and other report about everything under the sun , that follow the index . of course , each issue feature longer essay , personal narrative and short story that reflect we time , but I like the three section at the beginning of the magazine the best and they be the reason why I have be subscribe to this magazine for nearly 25 year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Lewis H. Lapham be the reason I initially subscribe to Harper 's . he template and influence be still present . I enjoy my reading hobby and this magazine touch a lot of my reading hot button . investigative reporting be my red meat hot botton . perhaps the best book on that subject be Into the buzzsaw by Kristina Borjesson . if one read that , than one understand , what they need to know about a `` free press '' . despite those draw back -lrb- read the book -rrb- , Harper 's manage to touch some hot wire that be ever present in today 's envirnoment of elaborate pr facade . for example , the `` global warming ' that be allegedly cause by carbon dioxide . read -lrb- google -rrb- \/ climate Change : there be money to be make by Ken Silverstein Harper 's . another hot botton of mine be books\/literature , and Harper 's not only review several book , but select some for very in-depth anayls . another hot button of mine be science and they have a feature , every month : finding , which be quite good -lrb- short but sweet -rrb- . also , some article , at time , feature science story . another great feature they have every month be they `` Index '' feature , which relate some factual statistics on current topic that be in the public eye . another feature be `` reading '' , which be a eclectic assortment of various odds & end that cover thing that one would never imagine to come across . perhaps one of the most outstanding reason to subscribe be Harper 's provide access to its vast archive , date back to 1850 ! I access a article that note historian Charles Beard write in December 1931 title ` the myth of rugged american individualism ' . in it he document 15 example of government handouts\/subsidies to business when the country be sink into depression . it demolish the notion that business have single-handedly achieve the building of the country -lrb- or even its own special project -rrb- due to the acumen and strength of character of big american entreneur , reveal the extent to which government -lrb- as fund by the taxpayer -rrb- be not just instrumental , but a indespensable participant . government be engage in these project in such a way that corporation be primary beneficiary to the detriment of the public-such as the elaborate construction of network of highway favor the auto industry and big oil instead of cheap public transit . the giant business have enjoy tremendous benefit while command public policy agenda , distort public policy priority and expendature in way that be not in -lrb- or even against -rrb- the public interest . and then , even as they reap immense government subsidy , they have the audacity to preach ` individualism ' and self-sufficientcy to the american public , to tell Americans that we should demand nothing \/ expect nothing from the government we elect to address OUR need . this article of the past be representative of what a magazine should write today . unfortunately , it be not the case . all in all , a very worthwhile magazine in today 's mainstream media full of emptiness .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this loong time ago , still have not receive it . but when I have it year ago , it be a very interesting read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I remember flip through the page of the National Geographic Magazine as a young girl . I be always fascinate with the impressive photograph of the magazine . even now , the magazine never fail to enlighten\/shock\/surprise I with its contents & visual .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine be ridiculous . the people in this magazine be a bunch of pretentious yuppie and art student pose as architect . people who be interested in $ 2,000 bath should have more interest in feed starving child around the world . I receive this mag as a gift and cancel the subscription anyway . Elitist Rubbish .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	how can you not love Vogue ? in this day in age of reality tv , do it you self magazine , and everything banal that Americans love so much , it be really quite wonderful to have a fantasy . who want to read about themselves ? certainly not I . I love Vogue 's photography and I really like the fact that they often publish photo that push the envelope , then someone will write a letter to the editor in a fury , and Vogue will publish the photo again - little tiny this time - right by they little letter . but c'mon now - what other fashion magazine can you read that also talk art , politics , and food ? yes , even people who can keep they food down like this magazine . Jeffery Steingarten be informative and entertaining , Irving Penn be a genius , the art direction be chic and smart , and the editor do a great job keep a instituion alive and modern .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my nephew , who just turn 15 , have be get it for a year and want it renew ! so , he be now get it for a second year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for several year , I have renew my husband 's subscription to ng as part of he Christmas . he look forward to it every year . then , we recycle it by give it to we hospital ; so not only be it informative with beautiful photography that take we to place in the world where we would never be able to go , it be GREEN !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great Magazine , always full of varied and interestring topic mostly under a `` scientific '' or `` nature '' theme . awesome photo . Educational and interesting read . highly recomend it to everyone !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be fun to read and look at . the photography be excellent and article be well-written and full of exciting information . I buy this magazine on a whim because it look like something different ; I be not disappoint . I do not have any tie to the West , but I find that area of the country fascinating . even though I do not have any previous background information on most of the place and people mention , I enjoy the magazine cover to cover , article and illustration . I have new interest and place to visit now !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for the price and the quality , you can not ignore Nat Geo . speak of which , do you know you can order print of the photograph they display in the magazine ? total win .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a great Christmas gift appreciate by my family . thank you for a price that be competitive and a magazine that be worth far more .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you can not judge a magazine by its cover . thank god . the cover of Harper 's Magazine scream BORING . and it have a really obnoxious flap that drive I nut . but get past the cover , and you be in for a literal treat . it be like reach that rich , syrupy bottom of you italian ice . fill with ton of obscure quick read , and not to mention the Harper 's Index , you will not be disappoint . 5 star for most issue , although some come in at a 3 or 4 . Order a subscription online -- it be much cheaper than buy each issue at a newsstand . ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	have not receive it . my son-in-law be suppose to receive it for christmas . perhaps Cowboys and Indians might call I . my mother send this to my son-in-law for year , and I pick up the subscription for he when she pass . I be hope it will come to he .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be very bias in a few company -lrb- Apple , for example -rrb- . it be only useful as a advertisement for franchise and have very little to offer in term of idea , point of view , problem , solution etc. . this magazine would not help you if you be look to START a business . . only if you be look to buy one , such as the many franchise they constantly push . . franchise be very difficult to `` break even '' with , and have unnecessary cost , so I avoid those altogether , but this magazine seem to have only one or two interesting and educational article per annum . go with Money magazine instead , it be leap and bound ahead of this excuse for a read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we have subscribe to National Geographic for over 50 year and Amazon 's price be about half of what a direct subscription would have be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine offer more for you money than any other publication I know . the quality of research , variety of subject matter , and the manner in which the each article be tackle be superb . from first page turn to last page sadly close , you attention will be grip and you will not be able to put it down ! it be hard to imagine the depth of information that this publication disseminate for the subscription price it charge ; it be the best bargain on the planet . over the year we family school project have be enhance through ngm ; we have all be educate far beyond what we schooling bring we ; solid statistics have be pass on to other , to help further they knowledge on a topic . we magazine have be lend out to other and at the end , due to minimal storage space , I have -lrb- albeit reluctantly -rrb- `` recycled '' my older magazine to school or other institution that crave these educational magazine . again - best bargain on the planet !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	so far - so good ... Dwell Magazine have always be a favorite magazine for I - for Mid-Century inspire live . my subscription to Dwell arrive on time - within about 4 - 6 week . . so far i have just recieve the one issue - but I have have no problem thus far .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love watch educational tv programming and reading so get the magazine mail home be the best of both world . beautiful photo and well research article , love this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	buy this for my wife , love it too . i will probably renew it every year , and buy it as gift for friend
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the first time I read Entrepreneur Magazine , I be delighted . I think , `` these be my people ! they think like I do , they be creative like I be , and they be determine to succeed like I be . '' I read so many story about people who walk away from they regular job and live to pursue they passion . I relate to they story because I have do the same . I resign from my advertising sale job to publish my book ,  the art of the business Lunch : Building Relationships between 12 and 2  I do not know what the future would hold - but after many year , I be a successful , professional speaker and author . my book be now publish in eight language worldwide . I love to read about the latest techno-gadget and use Entrepreneur 's great review when decide on new equipment for my home office . I get inspire and impassion for my work when I read about the people behind the small start-up that have become tremendous - and I read every word to learn tip so that I can grow my business as well . if you want to quit the rat race , subscribe now ! you will be hooked and want to become a entrepreneur .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have always have a copy of National Geographic available to I . as a kid I glance at my Dad 's copy -lrb- just for the picture - I have a subscription to Ranger Rick that be more my style until I be 8 -rrb- . as a adult I read it cover to cover every month and its the first magazine I look for on the newsstand . simple the best magazine that be publish .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	on the magizine pic it show a old one I just supscribe in 2012 will I get those old issue plz help thnk
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have have nothing but trouble with my Dwell subscription : June 2006 - miss issue . I contact customer service by email , they take several day , and I do mean several day to return my email . the problem be finally resolve with a telephone call on my behalf - they extend my subscription by 2 issue . however , the replacement magazine do not come and I have to telephone they again . they say on the telephone that it would take 4-6 week to get my replacement magazine . they be correct . January 2007 - I receive several renewal notice from Dwell , though my subscription do not expire until October 2007 ! I email customer service -lrb- again -rrb- , and after several day they reply to my email and assure I my subscription do not expire until October 2007 , and that they send customer renewal notice early , 9 month early in fact , so that customer have time to renew . customer service should not make excuse for they shortcoming . March 2007 - I do not receive the March 2007 issue and April be already on the news stand . 2 miss issue in the past 6 month . frustrated . I just email customer service and receive the auto-reply of '' ... you message have be submit to a customer service representative who will respond to you within two business day . . '' I hope it really be only two day . Update : No email response yet on the above . will have to telephone they again . four time since June . shockingly horrible customer service . though it use to be one of my favorite magazine and I really want to continue like it . however , I can not bring myself to do it . I now feel ill when I see the magazine - know that I have receive minimal value for my money . I will not be renew my subscription , and be seriously consider cancel it now . I therefore can not and will not recommend this magazine to anyone due to lack of customer care . FYI : I order this magazine directly from Dwell and not from Amazon .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	wow ! I love this magizine , and it have hilary duff in it ! -lrb- a total plus !!! -rrb- it have - embarassing moment , cool comeback , the newest cleb pic , poster in EVERY issue , beauty tip , horroscope ,  ton of music , very intresting article , and a zillion other thing !!!!! I love this mag , and its so colorful , its hard to miss !!!!! its my fave , you Gotta get it !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my good friend give I a subscription to ng as a gift -- and what a wonderful idea it be ! of course I have be long familiar with it , and always pick it up in a doctor 's lobby or in a train station wait room , but have my own issue to pore over as long as I want be a real treat . also , I frequently donate item I be not use to Goodwill , Vietnam Veterans , and other organization , and old issue of ng be the only old magazine these charity will take . they can still sell they , no matter the age . that be quite a testament to National Geo . the magazine be beautiful , enlighten , and wide-ranging in its topic and the photograph retain they world-class reputation . a outstanding gift idea .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic be a great resource . the photography be top shelf , and there be a good balance of natural science , archaeology and history in every issue . the article themselves can range from riveting to mildly interesting - and the writing be not as good -lrb- generally -rrb- as some of the other available magazine out there . have say that , it be a staple of learning , and I can say it first open I up to a broader world 30 year ago as a kid - largely due to the picture . Worth a subscription . you should , however , look at go direct to National Geographic - may get a better deal on the rate .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the magazine be great , so I jump at the offer to get it at 50 % off from Amazon . I find it a bit deceptive , however , that this be the normal price for a annual subscription -lrb- check they website at www.dwell.com -rrb- . why waste the time fool you customer ... who I expect be generally smarter shopper . thanks , but no thanks , Amazon .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	order magazine -- do not come for several week . then 3 month come on the same day . Kind of defeat the monthly nature of the periodical .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be really obsess with celebrity . I mean , some be okay , but they think that celebrity be the center of we life . well , that be not true . it be a okay magazine but it really need to focus more on real issue . the title be also a little off . it be actually aim more at pre-teens . if you be a teen , you will probably want something more mature like CosmoGirl or seventeen .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I be a subscriber to this magazine about 10 year ago . I recently subscribe again . after receive my first issue I remember why I cancel it . 75 % of it be advertisement . I can only take so many janitor franchise .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	they charge my credit card and wait for 7 week never receive it . but when ask for a credit they only give I 1\/2 of my subscription . . for I be a total failure and that a shame because I think the magazine be amass . never hear from a representative from customer service .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	okay , the magazine itself be great . but be warn : when you order it , you will receive several back issue that you may very well already have purchase . I order it and receive the new March issue plus the old January and February issue that I already have . I 'll try to call they tomorrow to fix it , but what a pain . I would guess it be because they have lot of old unsold issue lie around anyway . National Geographic have a great magazine and some good documentary , but they business side be awful . such a stupid move to send I old issue . it just make I really dislike the whole thing .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine , but it be cheaper on the guidepost website . it be only 9.97 plus .97 cent for shipping for twelve issue . on here , it be 16.97 for one year . in fact , on they website , you can get two year for 17.97 there ... just one dollar more . save yourself some money and do not deal with Amazon on this one !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have be a terrific little treasure for at least 25 year . I start read it when they print a piece on Bert Lance call `` the money vanish '' during the early carter year . that piece along with a Larry Kramer article during the early day of the hiv epidemic be the two most compelling piece of US journalism I have read in forty year . how any reviewer -lrb- below -rrb- can see Harper 's as a `` leave Oriented Magazine '' be a bright mystery to I . any piece as scathing as `` the money vanish '' could not appear in a left-slanted magazine . the reader should be ready for a hard look at topic from another , challenge perspective . along with the Economist and the Atlantic , this be a magazine I would recommend as brain food for airplane trip and wait room etc. . bascially , Harper 's be the other end of the comtinuum from most of the print medium in the US now .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Angels on Earth magazine be mention in a blog I stumble upon about a year ago . on a whim , I decide to subscribe . it be money well-spent . this little magazine be fill with short article and some surprisingly beautiful illustration to give you that little shot of inspiration to carry you through another day of life . I sometimes stash it in my bag , and when I have a moment I read a page or two , and it give I a sense of peace and calm . sometimes , you just need to stop and smell the rose ... or see the Angels ! I have pass old issue of it on to other , and they have all fall in love with Angels on Earth magazine . perhaps you will , too .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order this for my mother every year . the large print be much easier for she to read and she enjoy it very much .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I like this magazine and just renew my subscription . two thing I do not like ... 1 . the cover title be deceive . example : they 'll say someone be `` leave forever '' when they be not leave the show ... just leave a relationship . many article be not what they seem base on the cover 's title . but , that be ok . the article be usually pretty good anyway . 2 . the news be often old by the time it be print . that happen because it only come out every 2 week . I also read Soap Opera Digest , which be weekly and more up to the minute . but , overall I like this magazine because of the feature article on each show . I like that they be all ABC show . I do not care about show on other channel so magazine that feature those be just waste of paper for my taste .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I enjoy the magazine good enough , I do . what I do not appreciate be that even if you have buy a subscription they make you pay if you want to access it via a mobile app . seriously ?! why on earth should I have to pay for it a second time ?! I guess that be one lesson learn on start a business , nickel and dime you current customer til they leave . well do .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great magazine to come up with interesting idea to implement in you house . most of the item advertise be a bit expensive , but for the most part it be a great read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	in the several year since my retirement , I have come to wait by my trusty old rust metal mailbox around the third or fourth of every month , wait for my monthly issue of two magazine , the Atlantic monthly and Harpers . each in iut own way be likely the best amalgam of intellectual article on a variety of subject one can find in contemporary America , and each feature a stable of highly regard writer and author . for good reason ; from subject as arcane as the suppose imminent fall of the soviet union base on demographic and economic analysis in the mid-1980 to the recent synopsis of former spy Robert Baer regard the evil of deal with the highly corrupted saudi regime , the magazine consistently offer a erudite , informative , and provocative look at aspect of contemporary reality one can not find elsewhere . needless to say , I really enjoy read Harpers , especially under the guidance of editor Lewis lapham , and its article often lead I on Amazon search for tome by the talented author , which in the case of say author Robert Baer , or perpetually sagacious satirist P.J. O'Rourke , or a whole raft of noteable other . all of they lead to some worthwhile reading experience indeed . it avoid the trendy , so we be spare the suffer through the latest and greatest mass experience in favor of intellectual road less travel , be grassy and rather wont of wear , make for better and more satisfying travel , whether trudge through the snow with my Wintertime Dunham Tyroleans or pad down grassy field in my summertime birkenstock . just keep on trucking ! enjoy !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it almost go without say how fantastic this magazine be . i get a year 's subscription for $ 5 and could not ask for better value !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I agree with the other person who state that he have to stop subscribe to this mag because of all the offer receive . ever since Norman Vincent Pearle who originally create this magazine pass away they start to bombarde people with offer to spend more money all the time and it get riduculous ! I always love the magazine with the true story , and would resubscribe but have to stop for the same reason and it be a shame .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order 1 year Vogue on November 7th , and receive 1 copy on December 14 -lrb- it be schedule for end of January -rrb- . Love Vogue for superb high fashion , make up , great pic . my favorite fashion magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love National Geographic . it be so interesting and include beautiful photography . we re huge fan and the entire family enjoy it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to ` Asimov 's ' for a few year now , and have rarely be dissapoint . I only have a few complaint , all of which I will list here . First of all , I be a international subscriber , and although my issue always eventually arrive , sometimes they be month late . Second of all , the magazine often contain story which I would catagorize as be ` Fantasy ' , and not ` Science fiction ' . do not get I wrong , the story be usually of high quality , but when I first subscribe , I expect serious sf only . other than those two complaint , I enjoy this magazine thouroughly and look forward to it be arrival always .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be send two old issue I have already read to start my subscription . I do not want old issue and should be extend 2 additional month . I love Vogue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I recommend this magazine for beginner look to to re-light that entrepreneurial spirit . this magazine be not for people who be already a little knowledgeable in business and entrepreneurship .  although in the last few year they have try to revamp themselves to be more than a `` get rich quick '' rag , entrepreneur be not a spectacular , fresh , or innovative magazine to be pedestale or hold in high regard . any one with the littlest ounce of business acumen will quickly find Entrepreneur Magazine to be rehash business topic and fluffy entertainment .  I be a business magazine junkie . as I read the magazine , I tear out any useful information i may want to read again later . I rarely find anything I do not know about in Entrepreneur , and I usually read the magazine in twenty to fourty minute . usually , I feel I waste my time .  if you be look for a magazine of entrepreneurial entertainment and personal story , get Entrepreneur .  if you be look for a magazine full of hour of spectacular information and knowledge , get yourself a subscription to Business 2.0 -lrb- in my opinion , the best in this genre -rrb- .  the best thing about business and trade magazine be that they may be tax deductible as a business expense . -lrb- of course , check with you tax advisor first . -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to Dwell for a few year now and love this magazine . it always have a few wonderful feature article and great photo . Dwell have a good balance between content and ad , but the ad they do have also highlight great design and be interesting in themselves . I be a former architecture student , but I do think that anyone who have a affinity for architecture , interior design , or furniture would thoroughly enjoy this one . I also like that the space they feature have a wide range of style , size , and location . in various issue I have see all type of style include : contemporary , mid-century , coastal , eclectic , loft , pre-fab design , and renovation . but for the most part one thing they all have in common be good design . I would highly recommend this one and do not see myself unsubscribing anytime soon !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my favorite Harper 's piece over the year include :  - mcmanus almost win the World Series of Poker - D.F. Wallace take a cruise - Pollan flirt with grow opium poppy - Darcy Frey hang with a young Stephon Marbury and friend - DeLillo 's `` Pafko at the Wall '' - the devastating critique of the McMartin child abuse case  at a buck a issue , it only take a few brilliant piece such as these to make this magazine worthwhile .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's magazine be awesome . I love that I can keep up with current event while also enjoy some fiction too .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	-lrb- harper begin before the civil war and be still a wonderful read , whatever the topic : politics , literature , fine or perform art ... everything !! -lrb- ASIN : B00005N7QO Harper 's magazine -rrb- -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Entrepreneur magazine contain far too many advertisement and article that read like advertisement to be a regular read . I only read this magazine when there no other business magazine choice available , or if I be kill time at a airport . choose Inc. magazine if you want a great magazine for entrepreneur !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I order the Vogue on 7\/17 , and today be 8\/29 , I still have not receive it . I order two magazine at the same time , get another one one week ago .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	subscribe only if you have plenty of time on you hand and little to do with it . it be very slick , nice to look at , but irrelevant . not worth either the time or the money unless you have lot of one or the other or a obsession with ultra modern building .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine . I can always find something new to learn . cover many , many area of woodworking , from novice to expert . highly recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the Weekly Standard be where the advocate of militarism and corporatism share the thought cobble together by various industry lawyer , think tank , and pr agent  pr ! - a Social history of spin  it be regularly promote through other avenue of right-wing cultism , like the Limbaugh show and all the little Limbaughs  Echo Chamber : Rush Limbaugh and the conservative Media establishment  like any propaganda , it should be monitor to see how the spin doctor of the right-wing establishment be deceive those who subscribe to the value of elitism , imperialism , and other ugly aspect of the american empire  kill Hope : U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions since World War II-Updated through 2003  for people who be interested in the real world , I would recommend :  the conservative Nanny State : how the Wealthy Use the government to Stay Rich and get richer
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I like this magazine , I have a subscription . it be pretty good especially bout what all the famous people be up to . with embaress moment as well as truth or dare , the only thing it be miss be more personal story
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we get to the Big Island a lot since we have family there . this mag have great article on all the island . it have place you have be for the memory and place you have not be yet for plan you trip . ad so you can order that item from that store that you wish you have buy right then but the flight be leave so soon . plus lot of great rental ad in the way back . go condo or rental house be definitely the way to see the island . but I would not knock the hotel either .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have not actually read Analog for about 20 year , but it be my introduction to science fiction very nearly 40 year ago , when I share a flat -lrb- sorry , must use American , a appartment -rrb- in New York with one of John W. Campbell 's editorial assitant ! since then , the genre have provide education , solace , amusement - and some disdain from other - and I despair at how few really good new English sf writer there seem to be . however , anyone -lrb- and I do mean anyone -rrb- who try Analog with a open mind will find it a revelation .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	be widow with very limited financial resource , National Geographics be one of my little luxury . it be due for renewal , thanks to Amazon I could do that at a affordable price and do not have to discontinue it . I truly enjoy this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this subscription to National Geographic in late August . afterwards , I be tell I wont even get my first issue until late November . so prepare to wait a lifetime if you subscribe here . you may or may not have better luck through the publisher 's direct website .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I would like to find out about get a refund , since I have be charge for a magazine subscription without get any actual issue . this be a very disappointing `` special offer '' .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic fill a special niche as a professional view especially on nature , wildlife and science . I have miss it for about a year , and so glad now to be subscribe again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I receive the May issue on June 16 - they should be mail the July issue ! that mean that I have lose the value of two issue since they be start with out of date issue . save you money !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be countless magazine that bring you quick interesting tidbit about the world , science etc. . but National Geographic be one of the few magazine that carefully add a layer of emotion . in the span of 4 page you might see yourself say , `` wow '' then tear up with empathy , and then feel anger then laugh and finally feel hope . the magazine do not just want you to see the world , they want you to feel what the writer feel , and they be still objective where important , and you be leave every issue want to see the thing they see and get involve in the thing they write about . if that be not what a good magazine do I do not know what more it can do .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as Vogue document the hottest look from the world 's best designer , the entire fashion industry hold its breath in anticipation - then scramble to interpret what Vogue dictate : the magazine be that influential . if you be look for good , practical advice on cosmetic or pick the right style swimsuit for you body type , you be better off with glamour or Marie Claire . what you 'll find in Vogue be not really `` practical '' but rather high falutin ' , haute couture kind of stuff . compare to other popular woman 's magazine , what distinguish Vogue from the rest be how it successfully situate the fashion\/beauty business as a vital , viable and artistic component of culture and society . so you be not just get fashion layout to look at , but also great article on writer , architect , actor , art exhibit , and so on . most everything picture in Vogue be of course , out of the average person 's price range , and the overall magazine 's tone make no apology for this snobbery . but I still think it be a beautiful magazine to look at for its artistic vision , and for well-written article on culture .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this magazine for my 10 year-old son . he always find interesting article and picture . it be well worth the price for such great quality .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	` Architectural Digest ' for the realistic and practical . Dwell be for those of we who do not mind mess up the place and still feel comfortable . it be the ultimate eye candy for homebody . it have something for everyone : the rehab crowd , the eco-friendly lean up and comer , the baby boomer look to up-scale surroundings without compromise on quality use of smaller space . feature monthly be home that have you think ` I be do that in the next place I buy ! ' basically , a treasure trove of smart idea for the abode , whether humble or not .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	what can anyone add - same ole , same ole . absolutely great !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	receive much earlier then expect very very pleased I will be order the little kid geographic and the kid geographic for my other child
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	actually I have not receive this magazine yet . could you please help I to check it ? thanks .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I dont enjoy this publication at all anymore , dont know if editorial leadership have change
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	strangely , 2 arrive at the same time - I subscribe in early January and receive , at the end of the month , both the January and February issue . hey , can not complain - gotta love National Geographic . it seem like other subscriber through Amazon have have some bad experience , but no complaint here . look forward to peruse through the beautiful image and expand my perspective .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order 6 or 7 magazine subscription from Amazon , and have be please with 5 or 6 . my experience with interview be that no issue of the magazine ever arrive , customer service be next to non-exsistant -lrb- they offer to extend my subscription to a magazine that never materialize , and for some stange reason , whose cover on Amazon magazine never update ... do they still publish it ????? -rrb- , and then charge I for magazine that I never recieve . I once subscribe several year ago and , although it be a look at the picture and toss after skim type of magazine , think enough of the magazine to give it another try , but take my advice and save you money . you 'll just get excuse and aggravation , lose money and receive nothing but a chance to write a review and complain .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	excellent source of information . liberal would hate it , but should have to read it for another point of view . personally , I love the writer .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be look for one interior magazine , this be it . I have subscribe for 3 year and every issue be very good .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great magazine ! no problem receive the magazine as describe in other review . in fact i receive my first magazine in half the time i be tell
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	it be really a good managzine to read , however , i only receive 6 issue and the rest of they have never receive so far .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be great a magazine . not only have I not read any of they magazine but I rip they up and use the paper to line my bird 's cage so it poo 's on star 's face . so if they mouth be open poo-poo be in they mouth . my bird will not poo if it be not j-14 paper . so as you can see it have to be good because my bird get only the best ... ... well , there be that 1 time she use the Reader 's Diegst but I do not think she know the difference -lrb- both boring and have pointless quiz -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	after a 30-year subscription to National Geographic we family decide not to renew for 2002 . though the photo be outstanding and story worthy , it have become `` International '' Geographic , with very little content regard the beauty of the United States . a entire year have pass without a article that contain a homeland flavor .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Teen magazine that deal with teen interest . address celeb in the news in a age appropriate manner .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	what a gorgeous magazine that be much more than just a pretty face ... with star such as Russell Crowe , Sandra Bullock , Matt Damon and John Wayne grace the cover , not to mention the entertaining article and feature , and the unique and beautiful jewelry , clothing , art , furniture , etc. , it be no wonder I can not help but read each magazine time and time again . would not want anything else on my coffee table , and my guest love to read the magazine , too ! ca not wait to read the latest Willie Nelson issue that just arrive in the mail !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	just order direct from National Geographic ; all you money will go to support a fine non-profit organization ! I order a subscription for my granddaughter on July 27th . in its confirmation e-mail Amazon state that it would be `` 6 to 10 week to arrive from the date you place you order '' . today , the 2nd of September , I check my Amazon account . it give a delivery estimate of November 27th . that be about 18 week from the date of order ; which be double to triple the promise subscription fulfillment time . Amazon have a relationship with Synapse Group , Inc. for Nat'l Geographic subscription fulfillment . synapse be own by Time , Inc. which , in turn , be own by Time Warner . why can not these large company put together a system that can get a magazine subscription to a little girl in Montana in less than 18 week ? I wish that I would not opt to use Amazon to subscribe to magazine as its suppose convenience now show itself to be false . too , Amazon never bother to tell I that the promise deliver date have double . I will cancel my order and instead , as I should have in the first place , place it direct with National Geographic . in sum , the magazine be excellent ; the problem be that Amazon and its partner Time Warner be do a below average job of sell magazine subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have not receive any issue yet ! how should I I hope I can get a copy of it in the near future !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this Chicago magazine subscription be a christmas present . the magazine be o.k. , but usually end up in the garbage . there be too many ad and not enough information on the `` real '' chicago . I do like some of they article , but again , usually , it end up in the garbage .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be a subscriber for about 40 year , from when it be name Astounding , and almost never disappoint . in addition to great author -lrb- many of whom I meet first on Astounding\/Analog page -rrb- , great short story , review , and feedback - do not miss the thought provoke editorial . no matter who be the current editor , the editorial make you check you firmly hold belief and preconceived notion , and \* think \* . you may not agree , but you 'll definitely think . well worth the money .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have never hear about about a magazine recieve a Nobel Prize -- even if the svede be clever people . BUT if it should happen , then National Geographic be on the top of my list . it might be a handfull to read this astonise accurate world of information , but you know it be fact . this be journalism in mega-class . but the picture be breathake . . I have never -- ever -- see anything as good as in the National Geographic ; they be indeed in a class for they self . I have love the proto here since before I could read -- and I never travel without a copy -- they should be award a Nobel Prize . . for . . i do not know . . something .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I buy this as a present for my brother and he love it ! I be particularly impress by the aticle and all of the travel destination advise .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	start reading this as a kid ... my father have a subscription start in the 1920 's ... ... my son love this magazine ... . so I renew for he . get a great price !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love all of ABC 's soap and this magazine be great for people like I . along with soap news it have a lot of good article about the actor . it be great . : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be my favorite of the approximately 12 I receive every month . I read EVERY word . it be really stylish , fresh and leading edge . the house be of diverse style . the information be well research . it be better than most of the big magazine I get such as Architectural Digest , Veranda and Elle Decor .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you want to know anything about upcome style and fashion , VOGUE be a must have staple !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be my favorite magazine in the world . I be a college geography major and ever since I be a kid I have want to work for National Geographic . it have some of the best photography that I have ever see . when my parent cancel they subscription even though I have no job I get my own subscription so I would not lose this wonderful magazine , it be informative and educational . the map be splendid and sometimes better than government map that I have study . if you be think about this magazine ... get it !!!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love buy magazine on interior design and architecture . I may not be train in it or even work in a industry that be related , but I just love read about it . Dwell be by far my favorite choice . the feature be beautiful and practical unlike some magazine where you look at they and say `` wow , that be pretty - but i would not want to live there '' .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you love to pull out that acoustic and knock off a few song when the world seem to be go crazy and you soul need the healing energy of music , then you should read this magazine . it provide good product review , play tip , and song tab . also helpful be tip for tuning up and maintain you guitar so it stay in the best playing condition . although I be not a fan of magazine ad , the ad in this magazine be cool because they provide useful information about new product and service that would otherwise be difficult to discover . the interview with top acoustic player like James Taylor , Neil Young & Bert Jansch be also a big plus . in all honesty , I do not read every issue -- I grab issue when they have something I be interested in . in sum , if you be serious about play that Martin or Gibson sit in the corner , then read Acoutic Guitar every now and then -- you will learn something !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	christian faith have always be centrifugal , rarely containable , and viscerally cross-cultural . the mission of the Christian Church be therefore expansive , intentionally persuasive , and usually outward-looking . the academic study of this mission be call missiology . often regard in term of its european root -lrb- think University of Edinburgh -rrb- , american divinity school and faculty of missiology have in the last three decade pump out legion of graduate . the International Bulletin of Missionary Research , publish by the high-regarded overseas Ministries Study Center , have emerge as one of the dominant trade journal for this academic study . its page be frequently fill by article , essay , and dissertation synopsis produce by non-western scholar , who increasingly represent the dynamic as well as the demographic center of Christian mission . the monthly Bulletin be edit and produce to a high standard and as make itself a indispensable source for missionary research . one of its most popular feature be entitle ` my pilgrimage in Mission ' , which chronicle change in the enterprise via first-hand account of how live beyond one 's familiar context change a person from the inside out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the Weekly Standard clearly have a conservatinve `` bent . '' however , it be not the sort that scream , `` this be the ONLY way to think about this topic . '' it be thoughtful commentary , deliver with well craft writing . I come away from read a issue think that I have be well inform .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine be the best . editor of all magazine just name it magazine of the year through the American Society of Magazine Editors . I do not understand anyone complain a few advertisement in the front of the back of the magazine . National Geographic nver have and have no ad at all within the main editorial feature of the magazine . Photography be extraordinary . how they continue to achieve such powerful and engrossing image in today 's age be amazing . it be about to celebrate its 125th year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine , Vogue , come in the mail , on time . I like this magazine enough to renew it again this year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	vogue fantastic high fashion photo . if you love to look at beautiful clothing and shoe you need to look at Vogue . however , as other review have indicate , the article be quite lack . they be often flat without much substance on topic that be frankly not interesting . so , you get Vogue for the picture . if you look to ogle pretty clothes or for inspiration for a art project this be a great magazine , if you want something to read get something else .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be fill with ad and the article be rarely very interesting -lrb- unless you make million -rrb- . not worth my precious time !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i read this magazine at my friend house once and love it . it tell all celeberty we like and it have really good article !! plus it have awsome poster !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	if you be into fashion , but prefer get it without a daily dose of what happen in the life of nyc sociality , then opt for Vogue Paris . its in french of course , but who ` read ' vogue . its also much pricer -lrb- $ 15 -rrb- , but if i want to see what Paris Hilton be do , I would buy YM . shockingly enough , Vogue Paris be actually about fashion , not about what fashionable celebrity be wear .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	so I usually get magazine through the mail -lrb- old-fashioned way -rrb- and overall I have get great result . I believe that if I get a magazine subscription through internet it would be easier and faster . be I wrong ! First of all it take almost 2 month to get the first magazine , and when I do I get a 2 month old magazine , and up to now I have yet to receive the August issue which come out to store almost three week ago . I definitely DO NOT recommend get magazine subscription through anywhere else besides the ancient , yet effective way of mail .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscribe to Asimov 's for 15 year . it be the very best Sci Fi Magazine out there . all the best author that you have hear of and many that be undiscovered treasure . if you be a fan of short science fiction then you will not be disappointed !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I just get my first 2 issue and I can not put they down . I love the tv program but the magazine be awesome .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	while I love the magazine , I have have problem get the issue deliver . this have also happen when I try to subscribe by phone and over the internet . they can not seem to get it right .  when a customer want to pay , why make it difficult for he ? and since I do pay a subscription ... , why be I still have trouble get all the issue ? customer service be not a phrase in they vocabulary .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	love the magazine but rarely get they . my husband get my a subscription last Christmas and I have receive about two third of the issue . the customer service usually response quickly and about a month after I complain , I get the issue about a month later .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for those of you say $ 15 for a subscripiton on the National Geographic site . go buy it , you will be very dissapointed when you get only one magazine . . ITS NOT A SUBSCRIPTION , BUT A SINGLE MAGAZINE . . for one , do you really think they would sell they that cheap , everything else they sell be expensive . for two , it clearley state that you get one magazine , one time .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Asimov 's feature a lot of great hard science fiction . there be lot of wonderfull editorial piece as well . the editor be obviously there becuase they love it , not because it be just a job . support you favorite interest or they may not be there tomorrow . subscribe today !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	hello : we would like very much to offer we opinion of this product , however ; we have not receive it as yet .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	the best thing about National Geographic be the photography . I like this magazine because it allow you to travel the world from the comfort of you favorite chair . the article be a little boring sometimes . -lrb- the reviewer be compensate for post this review . however , the opinion state in the review be that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . further , the reviewer independently select this product to review and have no affiliation with the product maker\/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be a reason that National Geographic have be around for this many decade : it be a classic .  as feature article go , they be a bit on the long side , but the writing be usually so compelling you 'll hardly notice . travel to exotic place , meet fascinating new culture , and go to some of the most remote , beautiful region in the world .  as photography go , I doubt there be better photojournalist out there than the one who work for National Geographic .  as the magazine 's design go , it be superb as well . use the top-notch photo and well-written article , they be able to put together some really compelling -lrb- even breathtaking on occasion -rrb- design . and you have get to love the magazine 's sense of nostalgia and tradition : they have use that same yellow border for age .  all in all , it be a great pick-up .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	it be funny because I do not realize how useless this magazine be for I until i read some of the other review here . I be about half-way through a already pay for 2-year subscription to this magazine . I always make sure to keep my copy of each issue because somehow it feel like it hold some important information that will propel I forward as a entrepreneur . I have they website list in my favorite . cause I be a big time businessman who get a magazine call `` entrepreneur '' for entrepreneur like myself . yeah right ! the truth of the matter be the magazine be perfectly stack and in mint condition because as soon as I have flip through it once , subconsciously I realize there be nothing of value there . a lot of ad with get-rich quick scheme . a list of 500 franchise . blah blah blah .  Business 2.0 , wire , Inc. , fast company , Investor 's Business Daily , The Wall Street Journal . these be the business magazine and newspaper that give today 's entrpreneur a thorough guide to `` the jungle '' .  entrepreneur ? just a fancy-sounding title . and soon to be a stack in the recycle bin .  and as far as motivation go , I get more by flip through a issue of Robb Report than I have ever get by read any one article in Entrepreneur .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be more libertarian than liberal , so I disagree with many of the view express in Harper 's . and yet , I look forward to it every month -- indeed , more than I look forward to  reason  why ? because Harper 's be not just a place for political diatribe -lrb- see : the nation or mother Jones -rrb- ; it be a place for original journalism and thoughtful , timely analysis , right up there in the mid-to-highbrow pantheon with  the Atlantic  as a bonus , the subscription come with full access to the website , harpers.org , where you can search for and download any article that be be publish in the magazine 's long and storied history .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you like get phone call while you eat dinner , order National Geographic . while I be look forward to the great photography , I regret order a subscription to NatGeo . be warn , they will call you while you eat , to pitch `` we will you send you a free world map , and a video and if you choose to keep the video , we will only charge you $ . $ $ '' after a long day of answer phone at work , I do not want my home phone to ring . but NatGeo will call , they will call again , sometimes they 'll just hang up on you , sometimes they 'll pitch a product . with many print publication die off due to the internet , it be amazing that NatGeo be drive customer away by become a 400 lb gorilla . and if they call my house again , I will cancel my subscription , take the loss and call it a lesson learn . -lrb- and then begin report to the no phone sale administration . really sick of it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	`` creativity be like life insurance . if you be creative , you be never afraid , because you can design yourself out of any situation . '' ~ Li Edelkoort if you be interested in item like the Nissan Actic Concept car -lrb- that have a matching trailer -rrb- or you want to discover new modern option for you bathroom , kitchen or garden , this magazine deliver . DWELL have a variety of article to interest the casual decorator or the seriously focused chef . for example , the April\/May 2004 issue have article on : Home Cooking - a contractor and he three son design a home with the kitchen at the heart of the home . cut it up - a downtown Los Angeles loft get a makeover . stainless chef - designer John Picard find a sanctuary with a high-tech steam oven and a hand-carved tub . victorian revival - a San Franscico couple be the inspiration for a dramatic culinary renovation . Trend Diva - Jane Szita talk about nesting and nihilism . other interesting article include information on house that become art , short review for book on subject such as live in a small space . I be intrigue by the house design with mostly window on page 45 and high tech enthusiast will also love feature for speaker or CD changer which be most modern . well , until I can afford a 9,500 buck oven , I 'll keep reading and dream . the library in the April\/May issue be to die for ! big window and shelf galore . Dwell be a magazine design to inspire and inspire it do ! even some of the text be in color . the Marketplace section give you a wealth of source to encourage you to start on you own dream design , house or otherwise . the source section also provide page by page information on source . ~ the Rebecca Review
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I be bore by this magazine . the artistic analysis and view be useless to I . I have a feel a small group of people into art and culture would love it . not for a casual reader hope to be entertain .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic have be the one of the iconic staple magazine in american home since its first publication in October of 1888 . since then , the trademark yellow border -lrb- around the edge of the cover -rrb- have be a familiar sight to many , if not most Americans . but , exactly , what be the National Geographic magazine ? it be a publication of the National Geographic Society , a nonprofit scientific and educational organization `` for the increase and diffusion of geographic knowledge '' whose goal be `` inspiring people to care about the planet . '' the National Geographic Society also publish other magazine similar to National Geographic but direct toward a specific audience . these magazine include : National Geographic Traveler , National Geographic Kids , National Geographic Little Kids , National Geographic Explorer , National Geographic Young Explorer , and National Geographic Extreme Explorer . National Geographic be a monthly magazine that provide informative article about geography , popular science , world history , current event , and technology for a wide audience of reader . another hallmark of National Geographic be the magnificent photography that fill each issue . the photography be excellent , often breathtaking . half , full , two-page spread , and three-page pull out section throughout the magazine be more than insightful . these picture offer the average National Geographic reader a view of the world , through the lens of a camera , from remote place where they be not likely to travel . each issue have one or two feature article , which be longer and more in-depth , and many secondary article that add interesting tidbit to one perspective on life . another notable aspect of National Geographic be that the bulk of the advertisement be typically find at the beginning and end of the magazine as oppose to intersperse throughout . this help to keep the article de-cluttered and minimize distraction for the reader . National Geographic be a very popular magazine . accord to Amazon.com , it be rate number one in history magazine , number one in travel and regional magazine , and number one in science in nature subcategory nature and ecology magazine . its popularity speak for its influence . and why be it so influential ? it be so influential because of its revered excellence . the name National Geographic be equate with scholarly excellence and accuracy . National Geographic be world-renowned for they top-notch research and exploration which go into each quality article and accompany picture . the nation , and the world , have accept National Geographic as the standard of excellence in society . they accuracy and truth in the information that be present can not be argue with . for the validity of they reporting , I can hardly find fault with the maker of National Geographic . one aspect of the magazine , however , do concern I to a degree . National Geographic do have a very bias slant which be part-liberal , part-evolutionary and part-environmental extremist . as with almost all research and report these day , it have a definite stance on subject ; it be a slant that be , for the most part , very evident in they writing . they present they perspective on a story which may or may not be the correct perspective . National Geographic magazine be also extremely , and blatantly , evolutionary in bias and thought . the author and editor make no secret that this worldview fill the magazine 's page . in the February 2010 issue , a article title `` Hubble , renew '' state that the `` universe itself be but 13.7 billion year old . '' in addition , many article frequently refer to both human and animal evolution . interestingly , however , when describe other natural phenomenon , such as the symbiotic-like relationship of clownfish and coral , they do not mention how such a relationship could evolve . do not get I wrong , I be not say that National Geographic be wrong or incorrect because they put they bias in they article . on the contrary , people be free to say what they like and to put it in print for all of the world to see -lrb- such as I be do now -rrb- . this be one of the freedom grant to we as Americans ; it be the freedom of speech . however , I be say that a person , depend on they conviction , should be careful about which source they get they news or research from depend on whether or not they regard it as truth . the fact be , as much as any of we would like to believe it , sometimes we can not prove the thing we believe in , or disprove the thing that we do not . all we can do be take the knowledge that we gain from various different source to create we own insight on life . it be important for we to realize , however , that bias , even slight one , can creep into we life and become a significant influence , either for good or for bad . in addition , people should have experience with many different view on life 's issue . this be beneficial at time when he or she be confront with a conversation or debate which discuss those particular issue . if we want to intelligently converse about issue , we have to know the fact of those issue . as a whole , I think that National Geographic be a very informative and interesting magazine that offer I insight into aspect of area that I would not otherwise necessarily explore . in that sense , it broaden my scope on life and expose I to many fascinating thing . it be also a magazine that be , for the most part , reliable and trustworthy . however , while I read with curiosity , I also read with a evaluatory mindset . not everything be exact truth , but it might not be bogus either . Articles use for review : February 2010 -lrb- polygamy in America : one man , five wife , 46 child -rrb- , January 2010 -lrb- merge man and machine : the bionic age -rrb- , and December 2009 -lrb- be we alone ? : searching the Heavens for another Earth -rrb- . Alecia Gray
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this mag have nice production value but lousy content . it do not have anything unique , like you find in mag like COSMOGIRL and popstar ! . sorry . just not my thing !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you really want to know what fine antique look like , learn from this book ! you will not see they anywhere else except in a museum or wealthy home .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	a good magazine , easy to read and some good recipe . not sure if I will resubmit another year . not sure if it be worth the price for what you get .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this item be order well in advance of Christmas . why no gift card with $ 5.00 gift certificate prior to receipt of magazine ? I realize that the magazine subscription would take week , but surely a acknowledgement could have be send for Xmas stock .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have read this magazine else where and it seem to be fantastic . but I have subscribe to it since long now and have not be deliver a single copy as yet .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Conde Nast deserve zero star for begin my subscription to two of they magazine with outdated material . I order on Aug. 4 with the understand the first issue , September 's fall fashion issue , would take `` 4 to 6 week '' for delivery -- that would place it sometime between Sep 1 and Sep 15 . sep 2 , I receive Aug & Sep Vogue and October of the other magazine . I be disappoint for a. not get the fall fashion issue of the one mag and b. get a expire Vogue pre-date my subscription period , short I one issue at the end of my subscription . not sure if palm off expire issue be a intended cost cut strategy or just a oversight , but I loath when company ' default position be to screw over the customer , place the onus upon customer to notice the error and decide whether it be worth rectify , and waste they time fix it . but , when I call cn 's toll free c number the agent quickly and courteously amend my account for Vogue and set the other mag to ship the Sep issue . yay ! 5 star for excellent customer service ! as far as the magazine itself , I quite enjoy sail through the page to see Vogue 's take on the current style in fashion , book , music , lifestyle , etc. . while there seem to be a certain predictability and cliqueishness in the designer they advocate , I very much enjoy Vogue 's presentation of the garment and the overall art direction . I wish there be a better content-to-advertising ratio , though .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great magazine and the price be well worth what you get in this magazine . Chock full of information , this magazine never leave you unfulfilled .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Cowboys & Indians magazine be a beautiful magazine from start to finish . interesting editorial , photography that will take you breath away , and new fashion , music & art - all of which truly express the culture of the West . regardless of whether or not you be a `` cowboy '' or a `` indian '' , this be one magazine subscription you must have - you will not be disappointed !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I do not know how they do it , but Harper 's always seem to present I with tidbit of information that I would not have get anywhere else . it seem like they must have a army of people digging through document to come up with some of they content . I generally read it cover to cover within a few day of get it . I think it be great .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	though the magazine do have the MLM and `` you to can get Rich '' article , it have validity . you can do anything if you find the right thing , something you passionate about . I have find the article may not always fit my exact situation , but I can extract what be meaningful or useful to fit my unique situation or business need . be not that the main goal here ? you have to find it , no one be go to hand it to you . do the research and the work and ask for mentoring . follow up on the lead and idea they give you . I truly enjoy this magazine . Carpe Diem .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	regular reader of my review be probably get sick of I mention Kage Baker , but I have to credit she for get I to try a lot of thing that I would not normally try if she have not be a part of they . Asimov 's Science Fiction magazine be another time where this be the case . while I have buy Fantasy & Science Fiction magazine every month for a while now , I would also check Asimov 's to see if it have a Baker story . if it do , I would buy it . what I have find , however , be that I have enjoy most of the other story in the issue I have buy as well . thus , from now on I will be buy it every month too . much like Fantasy & Science Fiction , Asimov 's contain mostly science fiction story of various length -lrb- short story , novelette , novellum -rrb- along with a couple of column and some cartoon . the difference between the two be that Asimov 's contain no fantasy -lrb- though some of Mike Resnick 's story have a fantasy feel to they -rrb- . however , the magazine like to concentrate on character-based science fiction , so you will not see a lot of `` technology first , character second '' story in the magazine . personally , I think that be a good thing as hard science fiction turn I off . if you be more into the hard science , you may find stuff in here to interest you , but there be a good chance that you will not . occasionally , there will be guest editorial -lrb- they print George R.R. Martin 's Guest of honor speech from Worldcon in the October\/November issue -rrb- . there be always a `` on book '' column , sometimes write by Paul Di Filippo , sometimes by Peter Heck . the author use this column to recommend book that you may not have come across . Robert Silverberg open each issue with a `` reflection '' column that can cover everything from space exploration to idea on story-writing . James Patrick Kelly occasionally be feature with a `` on the net '' column , examine various science fiction web site and other online activity . unlike Fantasy & Science fiction , there be often some poetry include as well . finally , there be a calendar of upcome convention that cover the world so you can always find someplace to go if you need to get together with a group of fan . the bread and butter of the magazine , though , be the story . each story have a introduction from the editor -lrb- currently Gardner Dozois , though that will change to Sheila Williams with the January issue -rrb- , which may explain the genesis of the story , or just tell we how long it be be since that author have appear in Asimov 's . one of the thing about Asimov 's that be different be that it often serialize story that will eventually appear in book form . Allen M. Steele 's Coyote series have be serialize over the last couple of year with all of they be collect in two book -lrb- coyote from a couple of year ago , and the upcome Coyote rise -rrb- . also , Charles Stross ' Accelerando have be feature in recent issue . the one drawback to this be for reader who only pick up the occasional issue . for instance , `` Survivor '' in the October\/November issue do not really mean a lot because I have miss everything that come before it . it do reward regular reader , though . Asimov 's have many writer who write almost exclusively for that magazine , or at the very least the author submit they story to this magazine for first refusal . my favorite , Kage Baker , only seem to appear here , with only one story that I know of appear in realm of Fantasy . Allen M. Steele be another . Robert Reed seem to be feature everywhere -lrb- I swear that guy be churn they out like he be a machine -rrb- but he be feature a lot in Asimov 's . the magazine be bind just like Fantasy & Science fiction , however the cover be thin paper rather than thicker stock , so it will tear a bit easier . this do have the advantage that you can sometimes leave it lie open for reading -lrb- though this only work if you be toward the middle of it -rrb- . it also mean it can be roll up if necessary . the only other fault I have with it , and this be strictly a personal thing , be that the story do not always grab I as much as they do in Fantasy & Science fiction . this be mainly because I be more into fantasy than science fiction , so this certainly would not be the case for everyone . while the hit and miss ratio vary from issue to issue , I can say that I have never skip a story in the magazine . again , that be a benefit of short fiction . you be not go to waste a lot of time on they . if I have to choose between the two magazine , I would definitely choose Fantasy & Science fiction . however , Asimov 's be certainly good enough that it be easy to make room for both of they . plus , by pick they both up , I feel like I be do my part in keep short fiction alive . it be only a small part , but every little bit help . David Roy
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be excite about receive National Geographic magazine ! it be a wealth of information about the beautiful world God have create for he people . I would not have be able to afford it if Amazon have not offer a good subscription rate . thank you Amazon !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my grandmother get I a subscription for National Geographic when I be about 8 year old and I have have it ever since . my husband and I really enjoy get new one in the mail and we pass they on to my mother-in-law when we be do . the picture be awesome and it be good to know what be go on in the world . there be quite a few ad in it , but not nearly as many as there be in some of the fashion magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as always , National Geographic be the greatest ! interesting article , fascinating subject matter , excellent writing and outstanding photograph . the price through Amazon beat anything  National Geographic
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband and I have get so disgusted with Time magazine and Newsweek that we be delighted to have a magazine like the Weekly Standard available . usnew and World Report at least attempt to be more objective but now it be publish in print form only once a month . for we money , the Weekly Standard , with its incisive article , stand head and shoulder above all the rest of they . kudos to the staff . we 'll not renew any other news magazine subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	at the beginning of 2011 , I subscribe to `` Time '' -lrb- half year weekly -rrb- , `` Entertainment '' -lrb- 1 year weekly -rrb- and `` National Geographic '' -lrb- 1 year monthly -rrb- through Amazon.com to my surprise , none of they come through smoothly . the `` time '' and `` entertainment '' stop deliver after I receive my first several issue , and I have to notice they to active the service again , of course , it indicate another whole month of wait . the reply from the amazon imply that I be not patient enough , as they state in advance that customer would have to wait before the first issue would come . yes and no , because this be the second time I have be wait for the magazine . please allow I to write to you ok ? for the `` National Geographic '' , I receive both Feb. and Mar. issue at the end of Mar. , then , nothing show in my mailbox , even though I write to Amazon again and again and again . they tell I that be because the usp can not recognize the address . maybe , that be right . accord to they logic . seem like , when that address be on `` NG '' , it be gonna be different from the same address on `` time '' or on `` entertainment '' . -lrb- I have to say , I receive Time and entertainment use the same address -rrb- finally , I lose my last little patience , and call off the subscription for that one . I also remove all my credit card information from Amazon , thus no magazine would be auto-renewed by Amazon without let I know . live better , avoid Amazon Magazine that be my suggestion .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be buy this mag since its inception , I have save many of the issue because the info have be extremely helpful for my guitar playing and be able to read about the pro that i listen to , how they write , play , what they use for equipment have be intertain and informative . they have recently make change in format and write mostly for the better . I espeally apreceate they have more on song writing . as far as i be concerned this be the best guitar mag out there and i be a guitar magazine junky enjoy . John M. Eadie
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a magizine which I look forward to read each month . this be also the only magizine which I keep subscription to over year . usually , I simply get one year worth of any magizine since article tend to repeat themselves . not so with National Geographic . I enjoy this magizine so much that I even get the slipcover National Geographic sell to keep the magizine and map organize and neat on my shelf -lrb- I also reccomend get the slipcover for anyone who want to keep you collection organise -rrb-  as a child , I would read my parent extensive collection of National Geographic magizine month after month , and read back issue for the wonderful picture , map , and article about different culture . many a school report be base on inspiration from this magizine .  i find the article on science , anthropology , archeology , nature , current cultural event , and the many map -lrb- about five a year -rrb- to be great reason to keep my subscription up year after year . my three year old enjoy the varied picture throughout the magizine , and as he get older he will be introduce to the great article and he will have a better start on geography because of the many map from National Geographic which decorate the wall in we home .  I always find something new to learn from National Geographic . this be also a current heirloom of sort ... I hope to pass on the same love of learningto my child that I learn as a child , in part due this excellent magizine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I frequently change magazine subscription just to see what be out there . Harpers , however , be a staple and for the simple reason that its writing be the best and the most varied in term of length and subject matter . the real measure of its success be that I will wade into article , memoirs and discussion , whatever the subject , and find I come away with something to talk about with friend instead of a hour spend with teaser paragraph and no payoff . you know the feeling from coffee table mag where you eye wind up tired and inside you head a dull tom-tom begin to beat ... Harpers be a strange amalgam of irreverence , analysis , personal revelation and humor that put it somewhere between the New York Review of Books , the New Yorker and Mother Jones -- without the brand that the other cordon you with . check it out and be sure to read the piece not usually on you checklist . they 'll take you place you have not be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the SEPTEMBER ISSUE of COWBOYS&INDIANS; WAS one of the worst issue put out , very little story and very boring to READ , PLEASE PUT more interstening story about ABOUT more people and less ADS , I hope the next issue be BETTER .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have be buy this magazine off and on ever since the first issue . I keep all of the issue and enjoy look at they over time again and again . I enjoy the article and interview of the star and the informative ad on where to get merchandise . thank you for a wonderful magazine ... there be so few of they out on the newsstand .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this classic magazine have a world view and a venue for communicate it like nothing else . read this magazine keep I current on timely topic as well as topic of special interest . the article be superbly write and the photography be timeless . I come away inform in technacolor .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be my favorite magazine , ever . I would be happy just look at the ad for all the clothes and furniture , but the beautiful western photo and article be always a treat too . I always want to be a indian and my husband want to be a cowboy so this be perfect for we !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	aside from the NatGeo be a outstanding magazine , I discover shortly after subscribe that I could create a online NatGeo account and download the current issue . since I have something of a problem with impaired eyesight , this be a real blessing . the one downside to this be that a single issue can consume hundred of megabyte , so it be not feasible to keep all the NatGeo issue that I own on my ipad at the same time . still , this be a very nice Bennie at no additional cost .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I really want to give 4 star to this one , but I can not , nor even 4 . I have be repeatedly disappoint by article be too short on subject I be esp . interested in -lrb- wildlife mostly -rrb- , too long on other -lrb- geography \/ anthropology -rrb- , and not technical enough . the latter might be a good thing if you be absolutely allergic to science , but take into account that I be not a scientist . when I say that something be not technical enough , it really mean that it be superficial ... other than that , the article be well write . the picture be excellent , and that be what motivate I to give 3 star . however , I often wish there would be more of they ... note that nearly each issue include a large format fold map or some kind of graphic display illustrate the main article . from my point of view , this be quite a waste of money , since I do not use those much . they be probably perfect if you want to discuss the article with teenager though . personnally , ! I wish there be no map and more picture . I be not go to renew my subscription , but this be more a fit issue than a judgement of the quality of the product . I encourage people to buy a single issue before decide .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I cancel my subscription after 30year because I be tire of most of the article push propaganda . ng be long hold as a neutral source of accurate info , but no longer true .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	subscribe to V mag sometime last year . first off I wait almost 3 month before I receive my first issue . then ... I never receive another . terrible service !!! I love read the article and mostly gather shoot idea from the photo but I be not gonna blow money away . they really need to get they act together before a bunch of subscriber wise up and threaten a class action lawsuit !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	everybody know about National Geographic . it may be the greatest magazine publication of all time . the image and the story be always grip and move , and take you to part of the world that most people could never visit otherwise . the Gold Box Deal of $ 10 for the subscription be simply too awesome to pass up , but even the current $ 15 subscription qualify as almost too good to be true . how you could pass on it be beyond I . I know i wasnt able to , and wouldnt have want to pass on it anyway .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine do unbelievable research , have sharp incisive and even funny writer . I wish this be more mainstream !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this be unbelievable , I put my order at jun. 1 2010 and get cancel at jul. by the reason of `` in error '' . then email Amazon to clarify the whole thing out . the only good thing be Amazon offer I a coupon to match my original price -lrb- without this , I 'll grad it `` one star '' -rrb- . right now , it be mid Aug. , I still do not have my first issue yet . 2 and half month ... be careful guy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I get this when it originally come out on the market . I be never offer a renewal . so I have no idea that it be still available until now . I will be sign up momentarily .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic never change - good article with outstanding picture . it be always informative & often teach little known fact . and often include detailed map of area be discuss .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interview be quite possibly the best magazine in term of nag-for-your-quality-for-your-buck-for-your-time for fashion photographer , or any in the fashion industry .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this beautiful magazine be in itself a work of art . the quality of every page and bit of information be fascinating . I see the art , the home and read every word include the ad . I first discover this gem in London many year ago and now it be in my home and very welcome at that .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	there be a time when liberalism have a connotation of deep thinking , tolerance , and openness to healthy , civil debate . no longer . and HARPER 's be a perfect symbol for all that ail the leave . to call this magazine `` leave lean '' be a farce . it do not lean ... it completely , totally , enthusiastically , and blindly tumble and fall into the `` far leave '' swamp . the tone be often hysterically and shrilly partisan , reflect the ongoing deafness and disconnection that the leftist media elite have towards the mainstream of America . the quality of the writing and feature selection have decline precipitously through recent year . this rag be about as credible now as the guardian , NATIONAL ENQUIRER , or , come to think of it , the New York TIMES ! save you money , LOL !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I enjoy the magazine . however , theyt start out by dump old issue to use up my subscription . I receive three isue in one day . yuk : - -lrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you really like music , this magazine be for u. this magazine contain a lot of pic and poster . if ur one of those who have a empty wall in ur room and want to jazz it up a little with lot of poster , this mag be 4 u !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	current subscriber , the Amazon price be less than the renewal price for a current customer . look forward to we renewal to continue now into 2012 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I really like this magazine . they balance educational article , recipe , and lifestyle article so well . sometimes in read similar article they be often fill with advertisement that swallow the article . this magazine balance everything so well . this magazine often feature educational article about new treatment and new medicine . I like that they be less bias than what you would see in a pharmacutical publication . recipe be simple , and very tasty . I also like that they give many different lifestyle suggestion for deal with diabetes . I feel this publication do well with the treatment of pre-diabetes , type i , and type ii , very well . it offer a balance of article that all patient should be able to walk away with quality information . I would encourage people to try this magazine if they be deal with this disease , or if you family deal with this disease . it simply do a exceptional job of go over treatment and change in lifestyle that you can make . Diabetes be a serious disease , and be educate about the condition ensure that you give yourself better care .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	the topic be usually interesting and the article be often though provoke . unfortuantely , the quality of the writing be erratic . while one article might be excellent , another will sort of fade out half way through . someone need to seriously tighten down on the editing .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	develop a sustainable mind set in the 21st Century by stay in touch - dwell
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I only see my endocrinologist every 3 month for 15 or 20 minute . I get Diabetes Forecast every month and can find out everything that be go on in the field of diabetes . knowledge about diabetes be very important and I can learn about it in the privacy of my own home .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have read this for 6 month , although reading be a overstatement . this be a magazine you can flip through in about 10 minute . it be 90 % ad , 10 % article -lrb- most of which appear to be ad -rrb- . they continually talk about all the newest tech , very little of which relate to business . the cost analysis of gadget be bad . very bad .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I be a artist and web designer , and use fashion magazine as fodder for both . the edgier one be much more inspiring , but they be also harder to find and much more expensive . vogue be a cheap magazine with ton of photography and ad -lrb- which , let face it , be far more cut edge than the editorial shot -rrb- .  it be not nest or surface or Dazed & Confused , but it be thick and it be just -lrb- $ -rrb- a issue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	no doubt this be one of the best nature magazine . it be the family collection that grow and grow in the basement , and it be always good for give it a look , even those 70 's and 80 's issue . but the best be the map . Everytime I grab one issue , the first thing I look for be if it have map in it . they be great , well draw , reliable , etc. 5 star for the map .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to Nat Geo Magazine for year now and truly look forward to each and every issue I receive . it be high quality in every way - from the writing of the article , to the outstanding photograph , to the paper it be print on . it be rare that I skip any article in the magazine - I read they from cover to cover . I wish there be more magazine with the reputation and amazing quality that National Geographic produce each month .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	National Geographic be a wonderful magazine that any one can enjoy . however , do not subscribe to it from amazon . why pay thirty some dollar , when you can get the exact same thing from the National Geographic Website for fifteen dollar . I do recomend that you get this magazine , you will not regret it . just save you money and do not get it from Amazon.com .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	after all these year , nobody do it better than National Geographic ! expensive ? well , if I be buy it for myself , yes . give it as a gift , what a great gift !! please , somebody , give this to I as a gift !! the color , the photography , the subject matter , the everything ... maybe I be wrong , maybe they still be do it just as good , or even better after all these year . gradually perfect the art of exploration . I recommend this magazine to anyone and ` Explorer ' to any and all child .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine have great photo , and as a aficionado of mid-century modern I be draw to it like a moth to a flame . but , if you want to actually apply any of these idea to you own house , do not hold you breath -- unless you have $ 150k to plunk down . the featured house be all either custom build new home , or incredibly expensive redesign . I actually get pretty excite the first few issue , with all the possibility , until I mention some of the material to my architect friend . yes , the Nanowall be great , but it be $ 30k for a slide door . I have begin to find the magazine frustrate to read , simply because they dangle these amazing home in front of I with no real hope of my ever approximate any of they in real life . I be hope for a magazine that be far more practical .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we be long time subscriber to the National Geographic . now I know that I can re subscribe from Amazon at a better price than from the magazine itself . thanks
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	when I subscribe to this magazine I receive letter from several charity request donation . the publisher of the magazine turn over list of subscriber to charitable organization . in my opinion this be not right . the magazine itself be not the best . most of the article be not very interesting . I would never subscribe to it again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	receive 3 issue , then it stop , and we have be get renewal request since then . do not purchase this ever !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	WOW ! National Geographic again they do a terrific job on something ! they do great , professional , and BREATHTAKING job on everything they do but this be the best of everything . I suscribe to this about two month ago and be very happy about they progress . I be sure thousand agree with I that this be perefection and I be surprised anybody or anything can do this much . put you foot up National Geographic ! you have do enough for thirty year !!!  enjoy , Jeffrey Alan Cote '  -lrb- brazilgamer_tacomawa -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	hard to rate this subscription cause I have not receive anything yet . no magazine or even a account number so I can view it on my tablet .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the Weekly Standard be a must read for all conservative thinker . as a conservative college student place in the middle of a Leftist-Mecca -lrb- University of Pittsburgh -rrb- , the Weekly St. give I the info I need to stay alive .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	its quite simple National Geographic be the magazine . no other publication can deliver the article , the photo , the research proyect , the map and the overal quality . this a magazine for those with the constant `` itch '' to go further and to learn more about the world and the universe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	yes , it be a conservative publication -- duh . we do have to expect a couple of conservative periodical to spring up here and there , amid all the liberal left-wing twinkle-toed pinko publication that soil America 's journalistic landscape . the Weekly Standard 's write absolutely sparkle , even if you do not agree with the substance . liberal should give it a try . even if it do not change they little mind , it will upgrade they vocabulary .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	`` natural history '' be the official popular journal publish by the american museum of natural history , the oldest - and largest - museum of natural history in the western Hemisphere and without question , one of the world 's greatest museum . in its page it have feature brilliant essay by the likes of Roy Chapman Andrews , Margaret Mead , and Stephen Jay Gould , to name but a few of the many eminent scientist - both museum staff and outsider - who have contribute superb article on natural history to this magazine . it have retain a emphasis on scientific discovery , publish article pertain to ecology and other aspect of evolutionary biology -lrb- include paleobiology -rrb- , geology , astrophysics , archaeology and anthropology . recent issue have include brief article on biomechanic of various live organism , those pertain to recent and current exhibition such as the Petra exhibition on display at the museum from the fall of 2003 to early summer 2004 , and current ecological and anthropological research . current museum scientist , most notably Neil deGrasse Tyson , the director of the Hayden Planetarium , often report in these page on they ongoing research as well as on issue of a more general nature that might interest a scientifically-literate public . and to its credit , it have not shy away from controversy , publish for example , a issue on so-called `` Intelligent Design '' , which be see by its adherent as a compete scientific alternative to evolution via natural selection , but lack any scientific credibility from professional scientist , science educator and like-minded member of the general public .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	beautiful picture and great information on lovely vista we may never see , otherwise ! a fabulous family orienate magazine !! very educational and yet a engrossing read without be dry or boring in the least . love it !!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my daughter love this magazine . she want to know what be go on with she favorite entertainer . I wish she be this excite about homework !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love the poster it be ok it give you a lot of INFORMATION ON CELEBRITIES GOOD quiz you will LOVE THIS MAGAZINE if you be a PRETEEN or EVEN if your NOT IT keep you informed on your FAVORITE BANDS .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	some anonymous person leave three issue of this magazine in the chiropractor 's office , where my wife start read and then ask if she could have they . sure , say the receptionist . thus be we introduce to a very inspirational magazine . who know ? maybe it be angel-guided . we like this magazine enough to subscribe -- which be what bring I here to do this review . `` angel on Earth '' be publish six time a year by guidepost , which many people know through the `` guidepost '' magazine -lrb- inspirational -rrb- and holiday theme book . although guidepost be definitely a christian publisher , the `` Angels '' magazine itself be non-denominational and even inter-religious at time . one of the three issue we find in the doctor 's office have a story about a jewish Holocaust survivor . another story be about a child look for a lose cat , with no real focus on God as such , other than be `` guide '' to look in a unlikely place . some of the people in the story be not all that religious or , if they be , they particular religion be present as a part of they personal bio as it fit into the story , not as preaching or `` witness . ''  the illustration , too vary widely -- from `` church Sunday school '' picture of angel from the Renaissance master , to more ordiinary drawing of sea captain , cop , lumberjack , ordinary mom and dad -- depend on the story they illustrate . -lrb- if you know `` guidepost '' , you know the artwork -- otherwise , think `` Reader 's Digest . '' -rrb-  the purpose of the magazine be not to convert you to anything but , rather , to tell true story about people who have have encounter with guardian angel . `` belief '' be leave up to the reader . some of the angel story be of the `` miracle '' type : survive car crash , shipwreck , serious illness , etc. . other be of the more `` ordinary '' type , such as the stranger who be there at the right moment . this fit with the jewish pov of a angel , since the Hebrew word , malach , can refer either to a supernatural be or a earthly messenger .  personally , I believe in angel , and I find the story fascinating . grant , some of they might strike you as version of `` the vanishing hitchhiker . '' on the other hand , all the story be first-person , by-lined account , often with photo of the people or animal involve . and how do we know the vanishing hitchhiker be not a real angel sometimes ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	same subscription cost $ 19.95 on they website ! save the extra money and subscibe on they website . really can not explain the difference in cost .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	read harper to sidestep the pointless left\/right debate read harper and learn how to think multi-dimensional -lrb- i guess harper look left-leaning to those who think fox news be balanced and fair -rrb- ive be a reader for decade ... i didnt know it be liberal media
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	in this day and age , it seem like I would have see a issue before now ... it be be over a month . I know I like the magazine , I would just like to get it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great coffee table magazine . the photography be excellent . the article be great , but it be the photography which really make everything happen . if you have ever look at a issue of this , you know what you be get . a lot of work go into each issue and you can tell . this magazine be as great now as it ever be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be interested in fashion ever since I can remember - the top quality leather accessory that spring up from the page of glossy magazine , the feel of soft silk on my skin , the delicate but protective texture of a Burberry raincoat . I could go on and on . I remember the first fashion magazine that ever stand out among all other of its kind in my eye be a edition of french Vogue , which feature Akira Kurosawa on its cover , just as he be put the finish touch on he masterpiece `` ran '' . although Vogue 's french edition be still my favorite -lrb- closely follow by british Vogue , the resource use by my long time icon Princess Diana -rrb- , now that I live in America , I subscribe to the american version of the magazine , which have be run for decade by allege `` devil '' Anna Wintour . these day Vogue still do not disappoint in its content , although the quality of the paper it be print on could certainly use some improvement - I much prefer the glossy stock british `` Red '' be print on . but the magazine do count among its contributor with the best photographer out there , such as Patrick Demarchelier and my personal favorite , Annie Leibovitz , and the best writer and ad consultant in the business . within a year and a half apart , I can speak with high regard of my two favorite issue : the first one be the one from March 2009 , which feature we brand new first lady of the time , Michelle Obama , and the most recent one from September 2010 , a huge , 700 page + issue , with Halle Berry on the cover , and companion of Vogue 's annual event `` Fashion 's Night out '' . the former be entitle `` The Power Issue '' , and it include in-depth profile of philanthropist and world-known personality like Queen Rania of Jordan , First Lady of France Carla Bruni-Sarkozy and billionaire Melinda Gates . each of these woman have a powerful message to bring to Vogue 's reader attention , be it woman 's issue , political issue and aid give to less developed country through entity like the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . the picture of Michelle Obama and the one of Queen Rania , in a white embellished Dries Van Notten shirt be my favorite . the latter edition have one of the most luxurious collection of photograph and advertisement , but it also include a very personal narrative about the consequence of the oil disaster in the gulf of Mexico by a writer that spend a large part of she childhood in it . I enjoy the profile on Charlotte Casiraghi , Princess Caroline of Monaco 's daughter , in all she equestrian regalia design by Gucci exclusively for she . what I like about Vogue be that it be a publication that manage to cover every single subject , health , environmental issue , fashion , gardening , art , film , book , architecture and , of course , fashion , with style and panache . the photo montage of the advertisement be - literally - out of this world , and one can only imagine must have take week to prepare . even minimalistic detail have send I more than once on expedition to store on the lookout for that one item I see in the magazine , usually priceless due to its uniqueness . vogue still be , and I have a feeling will keep be , my personal favorite . now if they could only do something about the paper it be print on ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	vogue be serious fashion . this magazine be for follower of couture designer and the fashion industry . it be not for those who want 10 way to drive a man Crazy in Bed ! vogue offer the most complete coverage of seasonal show as well as beautiful fashion layout ... Mine arrive in the mail about two week after it be out ont he stand .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic magazine be the only magazine I like -lrb- I usually read only news and book -rrb- . other scientific\/geography magazine still can not surpass the fabulus article , picture , and map . if you like geography , enviroment , and wildlife article -lrb- and picture -rrb- , than subscribe now ! the article be in depth and accurate . do not just stand there people !! subscribe this magazine for you friend or family -lrb- as gift -rrb- or to yourself . you will not regret it -lrb- unless you do not like geography magazine -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	vogue be full of ad . I pick this magazine up and I do not start get to the article until I be a fourth through the thing . I find the article quite boring and not informative at all . one good thing about Vogue be the photo be pretty artistic and you get a idea of how fashion be art , but that be about all I get out of it . so , if you like advertisment this mag be for you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I remember have NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC as a kid and be mostly impressed with the picture . now , order it myself year later , I know that my memory serve I correctly - oh those picture ! whether they be picture of the human heart or unearthly undersea worm in Hawaii -lrb- February issue -rrb- or elephant herd or cosmic star -lrb- March issue -rrb- NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC 's picture be absolutely outstanding . and the map ! I love those map as a kid ! note , I have not receive a fold out map yet , so I be eagerly await my first one . -lrb- I be debate whether I should decorate my wall with they -rrb- . but even those within the magazine itself be fantastic : they be clear , and give a wealth of information . the January issue have a clear map on the Amazon , which include area of forest , area of deforestation , area of urbanization , forest fire , road , protect area and area with indigenous community . now as a adult , I actually read the article , and not just flip through the picture and gaze at the map . other reviewer be correct , the article have a ` chatty tone ' and be definitely for laypeople , but this be not a bad thing . in fact , I find it refreshing after spend all my time at work now and at formerly at school reading jargon . after all , who be a expert on the human heart , the Amazon , elephant herd , undersea worm , cosmic star , nigerian oil , and hummingbird all at once ? and these be simply some of the story cover in the January , February and March 2007 issue ! NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC introduce a whole host of subject in a intelligent , thoughtful fashion : its not mean to be a Ph. D dissertation on these subject . it enlighten we to the amazing thing -lrb- both wonderful and horrible -rrb- go on in we world . if we want to delve further , we can always pick up a scholarly journal or a Ph. D thesis ... -lrb- ... -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's provide exhaustive , interestingly write report on a wide variety of subject . you get the background story to the more superficial report of the newspaper and other journal .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	my favorite SF magazine which I usually can not find at the newsstand so a subscription be the solution to access
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	always a winner with this magazine . the fact that Amazon have offer a special price for a subscription be wonderful and ensure that I will continue to keep read a magazine that have a lot to offer in a world where there be less and less content provide . the ability to download and read the magazine on my Ipad as part of my subscription be a add plus .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Interview magazine be full of advertisement , and feature very little content . it might as well be free . pro - large print - cheap -lrb- pay $ 2 -rrb- con - little content - full of ad - 10 issue annual , not monthly magazine
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	my mailbox overflow with magazine and among the theme , home and home - related topic be the most common . Dwell Magazine rank as one of the better home magazine I read each month and it be one of only a few publication that I will return to throughout the month for entertainment and other purpose . what make Dwell a unique publication be its dedication to more interesting and unusual home remodel and rebuild idea . other modern home magazine exist , but Dwell Magazine take the idea of modern to a slightly different level than other , similar publication . with Dwell Magazine , the reader be present with unusual home , both on the exterior and interior , and many of they be certainly eye - catch , if nothing else . this magazine be all about home that offer distinction and some of the design idea be very interesting and will stick with you for a long time . probably the most unique fact about Dwell Magazine be that , while it focus on unusual and creative home design , it manage to maintain a level of livability . other magazine that focus on unusual thing - whether it be the home or something else - often take the weirdness factor to the extreme and they end up alienate most reader . but Dwell Magazine avoid make this mistake . the idea it present be unusual and creative , but still within the boundary of taste and practicality . magazine usually offer article that cover a large range of topic each month , but one other interesting aspect of Dwell Magazine be that each magazine be base on a specific theme . this theme be clearly spell out on the front cover , directly under the magazine 's name , in bold letter . this be nice because you already have a good idea what to expect when you open the page of any issue . the featured article for the month will stick to the main theme for that particular issue . Dwell Magazine be one of hundred of publication that focus on the home , but it easily stand out in the pack and I rank it among my favorite in this genre . I be not into home design on a do-it-yourself level , but I do like to look at home and the room within home and I be always open to new idea . Dwell Magazine offer plenty of creative idea every month and it be a good magazine to consult for home makeover plan .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I make a gift subscription for this magazine , National Geographic in December 2009 . and be still wonder if the first copy have be deliver to the address . I can give a proper review only when i get a confirmation that the magazine have already be post to the address !!!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Quality still maintain as it be for year . while something can be replace by internet , this be one of those magazine you need to have in hand .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	always the standard for photo and content , National Geographic make a great gift to anyone that enjoy this planet and its beauty .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	in June of 1850 , a new magazine appear on the american scene . create by a New York publishing company call Harper & Brothers , the periodical receive the appropriate name `` Harper 's magazine . '' over the year , the magazine begin print article and story from american author , include William Dean Howells , Mark Twain , Theodore Dreiser , John Muir , Jack London , and many other big literary name immediately recognizable to reader of literature . Harper 's also publish news about the big story of the day , such as a article write by Henry Stimson defend the use of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima . astonishingly enough , the magazine nearly fold in 1980 until several big shot step in and rescue the periodical with grant money . needless to say , Harper 's magazine still chug along , and I recently subscribe to see what this historic publication look like today . what I find both elate and bother I . Harper 's magazine be a entertaining read , if the September 2003 edition be any indication , but at the same time the politics express in several of the entry leave a slightly sour taste in my mouth . the September issue overflow with article about politics , book review , essay , letter from reader , picture of artwork , and several excerpt from current literary effort . there be even a doozy of a puzzle towards the end of the magazine for those who want to test they mental power . it look as though the editor of the magazine keep advertising to a minimum -lrb- a good thing -rrb- , and there be not any of those annoying , and sometimes perfumed , insert you find in most magazine . nothing kill a magazine quicker in my mind than detect wave of some cheap cologne waft off a article about politics or entertainment . my favorite odor free article in this issue of Harper 's include a travelogue piece about Waziristan , a rugged region in Pakistan where Taliban exile mix with hostile pashtun tribe who possess a decidedly anti-american mentality . the article , write by a american woman , be slightly histrionic in its presentation but it be very informative . sure enough , a week after I read this article someone on the news mention the region in the context of american anti-terrorism effort , and I be happy to know something about it before hand . another article worth mention be a essay about the public school system write by a retired teacher . the author of this piece deride the crush boredom of the educational system for both student and teacher , and trace the development of we school back to Prussia in the 18th and 19th century . while I disagree with he political leaning , I do find he conclusion that we school serve as factory to churn out good little sheep that only know how to shop relevant and satisfying . my favorite literary excerpt come from a israeli journalist name Oz Shelach , who write a book call `` Picnic Grounds . '' the excerpt come in bite size little fragment that shed some insight into the problem between the Israelis and Palestinians , among other topic . some of the stuff in this issue of Harper 's magazine be good reading material . regrettably , my politics do not mesh well with the staff at Harper 's magazine . I sigh aloud every time I see a reference to identity politics , specifically in a literary critique about V.S. Naipaul write by Terry Eagleton . I should be fair and state that I see a full page advertisement from a group seek to limit immigration into the United States , and there be a critique of the new Norton Anthology of Modern and Contemporary Poetry that do question the inclusion of several poet who write about nothing except identity theme , so there do seem to be a attempt at balance . overall , Harper 's magazine be definitely a left orient publication . I think I can live with it now that I know what to look for in future issue , but for some people this might present a significant problem . one good aspect : while there may be a mess of leftist at the helm of this magazine , at least they still know how to have a laugh . include in this issue be a description of a italian board game about woman of the night . base on Monopoly , the Italians call this game `` Puttanopoly , '' and the excerpt take from the card in the game be as hilarious as they be inappropriate for this review . after finish this issue of the magazine , I realize that even though I disagree with its politics , I be still look forward to receive my next issue . I read this magazine cover to cover in just a couple of day , and for the most part I feel I learn a lot about various topic in the process . you simply can not resist the price offer here for a year 's subscription , so give Harper 's Magazine a chance . no matter what you outlook on life , I guarantee you will find something here to tickle you fancy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	nice little magazine , interesting article . Guide to help teach how to go bird watch .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have buy the subscription of this magazine on and off throughout the year and always seem to come back to it . the photographer be some of the most amazing photo-journalist on the planet and go to a ton of really neat location . they will brave almost anything to get the photograph for we enjoyment . the article be well scop out for the reader and make you want to jump on the next jet to get there to see for yourself . you can not go wrong with this magazine , folk .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	when one consider a subscription to Harper 's , it may be a good idea to spot check one 's core belief first , and then compare they against the editorial slant of the magazine . in the brief product review , Harper 's be describe as liberal and left-leaning . in my opinion , if it be to lean any farther , it would topple over . I have subscribe to Harper 's for several year now , and will continue to do so when my current subscription run out in the spring . over this time , I have be continually impress with the magazine 's consistancy and broad range article . it also seem to believe that its reader have longer attention span than what it take to read a postage stamp , and so it be never feel the need to follow the current trend of waste two or more introductory page cram full of paragraph-sized teaser article and sidebar . -lrb- see National Geographic , Scientific American , American Scholar , and just about the entire issue of the writer -rrb- . in any give issue of Harper 's , you will find : the index - a collection of statistics that tell they own story , the reporter 's Notebook - a spotlight soapbox , reading - a collection of short essay , fiction , memoir , transcript , etc. of wide and vary interest , review of New Books , a critical in-depth essay on some facet of Art or Literature , fiction , a memoir or a travelogue , and cover story that address the political and social climate in America . I do not agree with everything Harper 's put forth - as I say , they politics be plainly wear on they sleeve , and I think the reporter 's Notebook column be little more than a forum for gripe by a revolving coterie of journalist . at time elitist -lrb- though far less since Lewis Lapham 's influence have wane -rrb- and perhaps open to the claim they write from a ivory tower , it be also smart , funny , immensely engage , informative , and above all , think provoke . even if I be at odds with the view of a particular article , the occasion be a opportunity to redefine to myself where I do stand on the subject . as someone who believe himself to be centrally positioned socially and politically , neutral on many of the hot-button issue of today , and fiscally conservative , Harper 's still manage to entertain and engage on a regular basis . sadly , the author of my favorite recur column , John Leonard , die late last year . he review new book , and it be from he column that I learn of many of my own choice throughout that time . I can only hope that the new reviewer will share at least some of the same quality that Mr. Leonard do . lastly , if you be able to complete the puzzle in the back , then you be a far smarter person than i. I have subscribe for over three year , and I think I can count on one hand how many clue I have figure out . recommend for the open-minded .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase this magazine in July and be tell that I would receive it in October and that Amazon have no control over this . then why be you sell it ???
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I like the concept of Dwell Magazine as I be very interested in prefab\/modular home . and it be the only magazine of this kind -lrb- to my knowledge -rrb- out on the book stand . in the northeast , it be more difficult to find but thanks to Amazon.com I be able to get a subscription to this relatively new magazine . however , they pictorial shot and presentation do not excite I in want to find out more about they product -lrb- s -rrb- . they editorial be at time more technical than it need to be for the average person . they editorial team could have do a better job in present more useful information pertinent to regional building requirement -lrb- pros\/cons -rrb- , etc. in the U.S. . in fact , they advertiser be a time more exciting to peruse . I do not renew as I think they need to better understand the need of they market .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this magazine be more creative and necessary back in the day . bring back the large format , even if it be print on non-glossy newsprint page , the picture be gorgeous & the interview actually interesting . the best interview now be by other celebrity , less promotion than flow conversation between creative people . << -lrb- the magazine be now more commercial and glossy , the photo be not provocative . i will continue to be a fan , not a fanatic . where be the art ? where be the style ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it be true that Entrepreneur mag be load with ad -- but those ad can be interesting in themselves . I always find it fascinating to see what ad pop and what ad be junk -- and it be easy to see the difference . this be a opportunity to develop you own advertising strategy ! as for the content , there be certainly room for improvement . I personally enjoy the entrepreneur profile , though I wish they be longer . I would like to see more meat here . have be in business for several year now , I find the most value in this magazine come from the front section where they list interesting tip , new product , and survey result . not a month go by that I do not bookmark a page so I can follow up on a new product or check out a website mention in a short piece . for that alone , the low subscription price be worth the investment . there be a lot of information on franchise , which be great for those interested in this business model . though this be not my personal cup of tea , I still find it interesting to read the list of franchise and notice the trend in popularity . who know there be so many pet service franchise available ! sure , it could use more real-world advice , but I still consider this one of the best general magazine available for entrepreneur . not every topic can appeal to every reader since we all run different kind of business and seek different information . if you be look for something more specific to you industry , a trade magazine would make more sense . but I still recommend you keep you entrepreneur mag too so you can keep a eye on the climate of the small biz world .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you love anything western you will absolutely love this magazine . beautiful photograph . great article on famous people who happen to love horse and live out west . lot of great information on travel also and anything else western . this be a joy to read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be as subscriber to this magazine for year and always appreciate the quality and article contain in this publication . the photography be awesome and the article be always interesting and well present . you can put a cover with Tom Selleck on it on my coffee table any day !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it be strange -- I would never consider save any of my other magazine subscription , but somehow I have every single copy of National Geographic go back to the 1960 . it be just the type of magazine that you can go back to , decade later , leaf through it and discover something new -lrb- or old , as the case may be -rrb- . in a perfect world , I would also have enough space to display my favorite fold-out map from this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	we wait for month on end for the first issue to arrive . it finally do , but we have never receive another one . my daughter be broken-hearted and tell I today , `` I tell you we should have just subscribe through the magazine , but nooooooo , we have to find a bargain . '' I will not purchase a subscription through this service again . if I could have give it zero star , I would have .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as a neo-conservative , I fit quite well within the Weekly Standard 's ideological focus . however , the magazine 's ideological orientation would not be enough to keep I focus on it if the prose and quality of the magazine be below par . not so in this case .  the magazine will present article and viewpoint that be not see elsewhere . while most magazine will try -lrb- and fail -rrb- to give a accurate portrayal of every political opinion , the Weekly Standard will instead go into far more depth of many different conservative issue . some of it have to do with politics -lrb- i.e. , `` be California Golden for Bush ? '' -rrb- , but yet other be far more focus on the ideological reason for certain action -lrb- `` why we go to War '' -rrb- .  those who read the Weekly Standard be probably far more intelligent and educate than a typical reader of a general publication such as Time , which be quite liberal -lrb- and do not admit it ! -rrb- and superficial to boot . you be choose to read a magazine that give you view more credence -- with fact , figure , and the authority of a great man , William Kristol , who found the magazine .  it also have a excellent web site -- http:\/\/www.weeklystandard.com  -- Michael Gordon
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be about to skip renew Vogue b\/c all the offer I get be for $ 20 + \/ year . then it dawn on I to check Amazon , and holey moley I find it for $ 15\/year ! awesome ! I have no idea this service exist , and now I be so glad I do . my purchase be process quickly and I receive my first issue -lrb- Sept. -rrb- last week . thanks , Amazon !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I usually find a lot of article on archeology in National Geographic , but hardly any in the first 3 issue that I have so far receive . one issue , that I actually expect to be boring be actually very interesting . that be the issue on WATER . it cover everything from how much water it take to raise a pound of beef to water level in various aquafier around the world to how the rainfall have change in different area of the world & the result change in climate , plus a whole lot more of information that involve all of we live here on planet Earth . so , while I may not be get all the archeology article I seem to crave , I have find many other type of article of great interest . it be always great to learn new thing , now be not it ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be my mother day present to myself . despite the month long process before my first issue arrive , I be impress by the price and continue quality of the publication . I will keep this subscription as long as I can afford too , and look forward to keep they for project my daughter may be assign in the future .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	its a good magazine that do not have hysterical or over hyped piece . while I do not always agree with the conclusion of the writer , the magazine do what Time , Newsweek etc do not do . Make one think . I also applaud they for be honest and have article take the currant administration to task for failing and for be honest in challenge conservative to get they act together . while William Kristol and Fred Barnes be often note as be the most notable at the magazine I actually like other writer like John Simon , William Doino Jr , Vance Serchuk -lrb- who write a great review of a book I own the White Man 's Burden why the West 's effort to Aid the rest have do so much Ill and so little good by William Easterly -rrb- , John Podhoretz , Gerard Alexander . now I know as far as subscription go the price may seem high . but I suggest you subscribe and then donate the copy to you local library . they will appreciate the gift . I also have to note that I really love the artist who do the cover and that as a subscriber I can also read issue online .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I originally review this magazine in 2004 and at that time I give it four star . since that time , the magazine have deteriorate to the point that it be a toss-up whether to give it one star , or be generous and give it two . Vogue use to be America 's premier fashion periodical . back in the day , when Diana Vreeland , and Jessica Daves before she , have the top editorial spot , the magazine be a byword for class and elegance . the cover be work of art -- some of they be so good that they be suitable for frame . the model actually look like model . and the clothes exude taste and style . enter Anna Wintour , and exit class , elegance and everything else that make Vogue special . the magazine start to skid straight down the tube and , sad to say , the slide have accelerate . the cover have become just plain awful . I have see classier , more artistic cover on Women 's day . the September 2008 cover be particularly dreadful . Keira Knightley , a lovely young woman , be show with a hairstyle look like a five year old have take a blunt weed whacker to she head , wear something that look like Grandma 's old curtain cinch by a cheap patent leather belt . the clothes in recent issue look like something you would wear to a bad Halloween party , at astronomical price . and the model look like eastern european zombie . if Vogue be try to sell clothes , they should start feature clothes you can actually wear , and put they on somebody who do not look like the walk dead . Vogue use to have pretty good article , but recently they have deteriorate as well . they do run a very good , well-written , thoughtful piece in July 2008 on racism in the fashion industry in which they focus on the dearth of non-white model . great piece , I think as I read it , now maybe Vogue will take a look at the endless bland parade of european model in they own page and start practice what they preach . yeah right . in every succeed issue it be back to normal -- the same pale , empty-looking face stare vapidly at the camera . not that a black model would mean a drop in sale . in July 2008 , italian Vogue dedicate the whole issue to black model and sell out its entire print run . they actually have to go into reprint . that issue have become a collector ' item . the final nail in Vogue 's coffin , as far as I be concerned , be they December 2008 issue feature Jennifer Aniston look luscious in a long red dress with the caption -lrb- on the cover , yet -rrb- `` Jennifer Aniston : I think what Angelina do be very uncool '' . my eye almost fall out of my head . be Vogue try to reinvent itself as a celebrity tabloid ? if I want to read about the Pitt\/Aniston\/Jolie triangle for the umpteen-thousandth time , I 'll pick up Life & Style or in touch or something of that ilk . this be nothing more than the cheapest kind of pander to the fan of the trash tabloid to sell they magazine . vogue do have good photography , I 'll give they that much , but nothing that be not present better in Harper 's Bazaar . and they layout be quite good ; in fact , better than Bazaar 's . but the overall substance and content of the magazine have deteriorate to the point where Vogue and I have finally come to a parting of the way . I have just cancel my subscription after ten year . maybe if and when Wintour depart , the magazine will find its way back to its former eminence . until then , I be go with they sister publication on the other side of the pond , british Vogue . in just about every category , it be a much better magazine . Judy Lind November 12 , 2008
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine because it have great picture and great article . I would recommend it to family and individual .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great Magazine at a great price . it be in my mailbox every month with no problem . .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order National Geographic for a extemely reasonable price , and the subscription arrive in less than ten day . fantastic service for a wonderful magazine !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographics be a amazing magazine for the money . you get great art every time and interesting article from place in the world you never even hear of . I can not live without it . I also can not bear to throw it away and end up reread they often .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the review on this website attest to the value and beauty of this magazine . I recently subscribe to NG and regret that I do not do so earlier .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I read this cover to cover for the inside scoop ... but I miss Guilding Light : o -lrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	yes , I be a fashionista & this be supposedly the bible of the fashion industry ! however , I find this magazine to be really dull . it have too many page , too many advertisement & they show nothing but the most expensive designer clothes worn by the usual anorexic stick figure model who really need to eat ! the article be also very boring . they write about alot of really rich sociallite & high-society lifestyle . there be really nothing in this magazine I can use that relate to I . you would have to be Paris Hilton to be entertain by this publication . if I want a great fashion magazine , I get ELLE because at least the clothing they show be a liitle more affordable & they have some great article !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	get off to clumsy start with subscription have need to change address but get this sort out . the mag be what I expect but look for ereader format go forward
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I usually have enough time to read about 1 magazine a month between raise kid and work . so what other magazine could leave you in awe with it be photography , astound you with it be story and educate you like no other magazine . National Geographic of course that same magazine that you use to page through when you be a kid sit in the dentist wait room . now my kid page through it at home , I have a friend at work who collect the map , my wife peruse it and when we be all do I donate all back issue to a local nursing home . psstt . . go to they website for the best price . .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I highly recommend Guideposts Magazine . it make a great gift for the hard-to-buy type , and it be a magazine that come across as open and honest , without be `` preachy . '' I say it be a interfaith magazine , however it be rare to see article about Muslims , who certainly must have uplifting story of they own to tell . nevertheless , it be a great little magagzine to read when you want to read a little something while in bed , when you have a little break from the kid , or when you need something a little more positive in you life .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	First of all , be french I have always be use to french Vogue and I be expect the same . except that the american vogue be all trashy , full of celebrity and there be almost nothing related to models\/fashion . Second of all , if you subscribe to they be ready to receive the 3 previous issue . I subscribe in January 2013 , when they February issue be already out and receive November , December and January issue -lrb- the same day ! -rrb- . so although I pay for 12 issue , I will actually receive only 9 -lrb- new -rrb- issue . what a nice way for they to get rid of the unsold issue ! I have contact they twice by email , once on Facebook and once on Twitter about that issue , they never get back to I !!!! terrible customer service , last time I subscribe to they .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I pick up a copy of Dwell in my brother 's mod condo he own and think , oh , not another boring Design magazine . WOW . I be really impressed with both the great picture and the range of topic in this little gem . from `` chair through the age '' to a complete timeline of modern design -lrb- toaster to ipod ! -rrb- I just could not stop say `` ahhhh '' ! since this magazine be not available in many place -lrb- such as the supermarket -rrb- , it be well worth a subscription . there be wonderful idea for small space but also for larger home too . it would make a great gift for a 20 something that be just get into they first space . -lrb- and hey , have it on you coffee table make you hipness go up by about 100 % ~ ! -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I get this every year for my mother , and she really enjoy read it . it be a good way to get update if you miss some show , and the who be come and go be always interesting and fun to know .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	the headline on the cover be not on the inside . the cover get you to buy the magazine , but do not deliver the goods . I do not think I will renew this subscription in a year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be the ONLY magazine my mom let I get when I be 11-12 . I love it . it have poster and thing to promote a intirest in read for any kid or teen . I say it be good . .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I grow up with National Geographic and have always love it ! Whats not to love ? beautiful picture , informative , educational article and just a class act all the way around .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I subscribe to several woodwork magazine and have subscribe to Woodworkers Journal since 1990 . each magazine have a character of it be own with a woodworking level reflect in the complexity of the project it present . this magazine be a bit more complex than , say Wood magazine . it should be understand that some style and esthetic be usually compromise when a project be simplify . I have one of Woodworking Journal 's project in my living room . it be perhaps the most beautiful piece I have ever make . if you have become a advanced amature -lrb- sp ? -rrb- this magazine will give you project that you will take pride in make and show to other .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love this magazine . so informative , well-written , fascinating and surprisingly relevant . the photo be fabulous . I often find that topic I hear about on WNYC be first print in National Geographic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	... be because of these magazine . if it be not for all the publicity surround the image hype of the arist who have pic in every issue they would not be so famous . do you actually CARE who Justin be date or who he have a crush on ? do you actually care if Eminem like Pink ? do you want to look at the same old b2k picture for the umpth time ? please . ever hear of read something intellectual like Newsweek or the New York Times ? probably not . f -
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	so many fun idea for mid-century and other eclectic decorating . some issue seem a little repetitive but I still look forward to receive each one in the mail .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be magazine which concentrate in just one subject . there be magazine about current event . but National Geographic be a magazine that , use geography as a excuse , it permit itself to tackle every subject imaginable . I look at it as the ultimate GENERAL interest magazine . -lrb- not by chance this magazine every month be translate and publish in just about any language , include Spanish , Portuguese and Polish , just to name some . I read particularly the spanish edition , be my native language . I have try the English edition but some technical word make it a little harder , but not too much -rrb- it be a must if you want to understand the world and everything in it , it be no longer just a geography magazine , since they have feature story range from coca plantation and the danger of cocaine -lrb- January 1989 -rrb- to baseball -lrb- minor league , April 1991 -rrb- . I dare you to look in the publication index at ... \/ publication and search for any subject you think of , no matter how subtle or frivolous might seem . I be sure you 'll find something about it . and of course , the photography and the writing be always superb . it be not suppose to be a very technical magazine , since it be target to the general public . so why do not you give yourself a unlimited passport to anywhere in the world , and a textbook for everything this planet have on it ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be read Selling Power since it be call Personal Selling Power in the early 90 's . Great magazine that will give you that competitive edge over you sale peer .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	j-14 be a pretty good magazine . I like the `` truth or dare '' , `` totally embarrasing moment '' and `` cool comeback '' the best . it have poster and a quiz in each issue . -lrb- with title like `` be you a good girlfriend ? '' and `` do he like you ? '' and `` be you a Flirt ? '' -rrb- it have `` win look '' , where they rate how star look . in `` totally embarrasing moment '' , people write in about embarrassing moment they have have , and j-14 rate they as - `` you 'll get over it , '' `` we do not Know you , '' and `` leave town now !!! '' in `` truth or dare , '' people write in about stuff they have to say or do ina game of truth or dare . j-14 will rate those as `` total daredevil , '' `` Pretty Risky , '' and something else I can not remember . in `` cool comeback , '' people write in about cool comeback they have make . overall , it be a good magazine , if you be look for something like that .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	like so many magazine that have decide to pursue the relatively affluent core of they subscription , Chicago magazine be great if you want to read a magazine to figure out what to buy . it be get lot of article that be relevant to you if you be upwardly mobile , either live in the suburb or have a car to get there , and be interested in the latest trend in entertainment and shopping . that say , it be just not what I look for in a magazine . I have read many issue and while the writing be pretty good , I have never find a article that I think be worth saving , or even much that tell I something I do not know about Chicago , and I have only live here a few year . do not be fool by the title -- this magazine be fine for what it be , but it do not even come close to cover Chicago .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I personally think this magazine be great . First of all I be a 16 year old female ... fashion be everything in high school-you practicly be what you dress . I know it sound materialistic , it be , but you have to roll with the time . a couple month ago , I buy the fall issue of Vogue . they have many wonderful clothes for the fall-include the many exotic and elegant jacket . thanks to that magazine , I go out to Wilson 's Leather Store and buy a leather jacket -lrb- the one with `` shaggy fur '' around the collar and sleeve -rrb- which be almost exactly like the one in Vogue . I have have many compliment about my jacket . anyways , I be one of the first people have this type of jacket ... this magazine will help you start the trend for once , not the other way around . it be mainly just ad , but it desplay the in-syle for every season , give you a chance to dress great .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have a collection that go back to 1965 , and I have be a subscriber for some 20 year . the magazine ; however , have become the province of the radical environmetalist movement . the editorial content lean heavily toward the left , and the choice and variety of article have degenerate over the year . even the quality of the writing have be erode as the magazine try to reach a wider audience with its leftist environmental propaganda . in sum , a great publication have be hijack by a group of irrational environmentalist who have little interest in any subject other than tree and the occasional politically correct topic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I do not know that you have to subscribe to Dwell for the rest of you life , but at least hook yourself up for a year or two . it will change the way you look at thing , the way you live ... the modernist sensibility , and the practical -lrb- and , all right , sometimes not all that practical -rrb- application in its page be completely eye-opening . whether you live in a modern home , want to put a little modernism in you apartment , or live traditionally but be a bit of a dreamer , this be really something special .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I recently pick up Entrepreneur magazine for the first time in year . I would consider it a fluff magazine before , but this new issue -lrb- March 2009 -rrb- be great ! I think I 'll buy a subscription in the hope that all of they issue be just as good now . I rip out page that I want to look at again later and with this issue , I find myself rip out a lot of page . I have own two business for 8 year and I have be a avid reader of business magazine . I be always look for new one and this one might just make it into my pile !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you have a teen into boy band and teen star , you can not go wrong with this magazine . I have be renew this for 2 year for my now 14 year old granddaughter .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	along with the Atlantic monthly , this be probably one of the best mass-circulated literary\/cultural periodical in print today . with the Bush administration pursue a increasingly conservative agenda , Harper 's be really at its best since its editor have meaningful opposition to critique and criticize . plus , this magazine get away from the `` you need to know this '' mentality -- the write they publish be always excellent , but never limit to break news or urgent matter . well-balanced and enjoyable .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be one of the best magazine of its kind , with plenty of great photography , thoughtful article , and diverse coverage of several different topic relate to the planet earth . Stories about wildlife , different culture , and even environmentalism and the politics it breed can be find on the page within each issue . what make this magazine so enjoyable be the fact that it go so in - depth in its coverage and include story with a personal element . when most people think about National Geographic , they usually think about the great photograph of natural wonder , exotic plant , and animal wildlife . these thing be all great , but they form only part of the magazine 's overall appeal . Stories about different culture and people from around the world be just as good , and be usually present in a personal way . you feel like you know the people on a intimate level when you read this magazine . this publication contain between 120 and 160 page in most issue , with about a dozen or so monthly department , as well as some varied article that change each month , but be always concentrate on nature , science , politics , culture , etc. . National Geographic be often very educational and intellectual , make it a learning device as well as a magazine for entertainment . it be one of the better , more thorough magazine on the market . go ahead and give it a try . you just might learn something in the process .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I subscribe in November and get the Nov , Dec and Jan volume in the mail yesterday . I love National Geographic .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this subscription for my granddaughter last year and she be completely satisfied , so renew for another year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have every issue ever publish . it may not have a research\/academic emphasis or super detailed drawing like `` detail '' magazine or `` Architectural Review '' but Dwell be just a all around good magazine for inspiration , information , and generally a experience that feel good .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the only magazine I pay to subscribe to and at $ 15 a year - it be a steal . I have yet to skip a page !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscibe to Antiques for year . it be the best of the kind and this offer be the best I have see . cr , Cincinnati
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I for one enjoy read this magazine . it have good article that they feature on the cover , although when you actually buy the magazine sometimes article be not what I be expect . I enjoy read the article that people submit , such as embarrassing moment and truth or dare story . the Win it ! column be also somewhat cool , most of the stuff I would not participate in the drawing though . overall , this magazine be great ! I recommend it to the teenager , as well as YM , CosmoGIRL , and Teen people .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be simply the best sf out there ! every issue go well over 100 page and it be a monthly ! the June Issue have some great story in it , so go pick it up at you local convience store , now ! this magazine be awesome !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this subscription as a gift . the first issue should have be deliver in June . we hear nothing from they , so I have to contact Amazon in late September . I be tell that the july\/august issue have production problem , and be never send out . my gift should arrive by mid-October -- the September issue !!! this be the worst gift I ever give . and no response or notification from the publisher ! Zero star .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be my favorite magazine . interesting and insightful article that give I a better understanding of we complex world . highly recommend !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be great because it do not have a lot of advertisement . Teen magazine and other magazine like that have way too many . j14 give you all the gossip . teens should definately buy it ! it win over any magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i dont care if it be for fourteen year old , this magazine rock . it have all the inside info and have awsome poster , door hanger , fake tattoo and star , star , star . it tell you about everything and its the only magazine that have special article for star . who care if you 12 or 11 this magazine be for everyone . i love the game about you favorite star .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great magazine , which can be enjoy by the entire family . Amazon make subscribe or renew very easy !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be pretty good for younger girl , like preteen age , who want to read about celebrity , new movie , and new music . it be also good for older girl who be bore and want to read about they favorite pop artist . it be mainly gossip , but it be get some great picture in it . so , check it out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Diabetes forecast be a widely - read magazine that cater to those who suffer from this annoying disease . distribute by the american Diabetes Association , this publication contain all sort of advice and official information on way to cope with diabetes , lessen its effect , and get the most out of life . I be not diabetic myself , but I still pick up and read this magazine on occasion . I like to find out about the progress toward find cure and other medical research and Diabetes Forecast excel in these area . it discuss medical breakthrough , legislation , drug , etc. , that could be important to diabetic sufferer and the family that support they . I like these news article best because the search for a cure be the most important diabetic concern to I . I have see too many people suffer from diabetes and struggle to live a normal life . I like read the legal section and other department most because it be here that I get the greatest sense of satisfaction ; know that progress toward a cure be be make , even though it be far slower than most would prefer . when Diabetes Forecast be not talk about cure and legal issue , it be offer advice . the advice can be anything from proper diet to insulin usage to better exercise . the advice offer in this magazine be intend for diabetic , but much of it can apply to anyone . the article on physical fitness , for example , be useful to all . the recipe can also be beneficial to anyone since they feature great - tasting food dish that would be acceptable to any person who appreciate good eating . Diabetes Forecast offer a pleasant surprise to many reader : it be a very optimistic publication . this may come as a surprise to those who have never read this magazine . I admit , when I first hear about this magazine , I assume it would contain sad , tragic story of loss and general ill health . however , the magazine maintain a very optimistic edge . the people who share they personal story in this magazine be determine to win the battle against diabetes . they do not intend to let it stand in the way of reach important goal . they be bind and determine to beat this disease . overall , Diabetes Forecast be a very nice magazine that offer some sound advice on cope with the issue surround diabetes , along with official information on government legislation and the search for a cure . Diabetes be a annoying disease , but like the contributor to this magazine will attest , diabetes do not have to control you life . you can still be in charge and live life to the fullest with a little preparation and precautionary measure .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be not another magazine like Cowboy 's and Indians if you be a lover of the western lifestyle . I love the article feature film star such as Katherine Ross , John Wayne , Sam Elliott , Tommy Lee Jones just to name a few . the article feature many picture and take you up close and personal to the star and how they live . there be other great article about horse , ranch and vacation `` western style '' . the artwork and picture be beautiful .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have read Chile Peeper for year . I order a subscription on Amazon on October 2 , 2011 . it be now December 14 , 2011 . the ship date for my FIRST magazine be FEBRUARY 1 , 2012 !!!!!! why do it take four -lrb- 4 -rrb- MONTHS to get a magazine that be PUBLISHED EVERY two -lrb- 2 -rrb- month ????????????????? EAGERLEY AWAITING what have BETTER be a really good excuse !!!!!!!!! BOB TUCKER
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	`` Dwell '' be my favorite of all the design magazine I read regularly . it be a beautiful magazine with thoughtful and helpful illustration , great article , and interesting feature . I be especially fond of the coverage of emerge trend in contemporary home , particularly the coverage of prefab home , culminate in the sponsorship of the `` Dwell Homes , '' which showcase outstanding contemporary prefabricated housing . the advertisement be consistently relevant and interesting , and the magazine be good at keep its edge with article about relevant home furnishings , appliance , and other item that be frequently overlook in other design magazine . I love the `` Modern Market '' section in the back of the magazine , deal with unique product that be well target to the fan of the contemporary aesthetic . my only minor complaint be the occasional political agenda that appear in the article , but it be relatively infrequent and confine to only a few -lrb- of a large number -rrb- of the contributor , like Pagan Kennedy . in general , though , the article stay on topic and the editorial content be relevant and appropriately focus . I look forward to get several design magazine every month , but can honestly say that `` Dwell '' be my favorite of the bunch . I highly recommend it to anyone interested in contemporary architecture or design .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	love how much I save on this mag , enjoy expand my knowledge and this mag help I do that , love to learn
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for I , the September issue of Vogue , with its 700 page issue , be more than eye candy . it be art . it be that simple . I no longer look at most of the fashion in the magazine , nor the model , as realistic , something that can ever transfer into my own life , nor would I want it to . it remind I of trip to art museum where I can admire one painting half the afternoon , but it do not mean I want it hang on my wall at home . Vogue 's photography be exquiste , pure art . the glossy page , the vibrant , sometimes muted color , seem to jump off the page . the image make my mind wander and explore . when I finally get over the ridiculous price and the more ridiculously thin model with leg longer than I be tall , I be able to fully appreciate the artistry of the ad and fashion spread . I find the ad be as engaging as the fashion spread , which be a good thing , for the magazine be at least half ad . some of the article be quite good as well . I scan the few society article , and I have be surprise at the high number of well-written piece that apply to the average world-wise woman . Cosmo reader most likely will not find much in Vogue , but I would say woman over 30 , who be relatively sophisticated , will find article gear toward they . overall , Vogue be a high end publication with excellent , artistic photographer and produce rather sweet eye candy with a good number of current , well-written non-fashion article .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order this for my husband who be read it in a doctor 's office . have forget what a interesting magazine it be .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	j-14 be the BEST ! ... its still really good ! every one in the class read it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I first look at the sample report online . it be great -- lot of useful information to prepare for retirement , include some very good investment idea . so I subscribe , and have now receive several issue . there be sometimes some good information , but for the most part it be worthless . for example , in the January 2011 isue , 4 out of 20 page be dedicate to turbulent time for long term care insurance that read more like a news article than true advice for what I should do . another 4 page be full page ad for bank , investment product , etc. . the rest be what I would call useless fluff . by the way , Kiplinger , I be pay for this report -- why so many ad ? anyhow , there be usually some semi-useful info in the report , but definitely not worth the cost .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	some how the order get enter as a new order , not as a renewal . I follow the direction and put the address information exactly like the current subscription . National Geographic be happy to fix the problem .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Entrepreneur magazine be a easy read that allow we work professional to have access to fresh idea and interesting article . I consider it a bargain give the amount and quality of information I receive for about a buck . there be a lot of ad and subscription offer to deal with , but that seem to be the case with most media . I do not consider this a substitute for read book on business . it be a good complement however .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be like no other . the interview be fantastic , the picture be great , and it be very original . I can understand people not like it if they be use to and prefer the typical , predictable magazine format . it be not for everyone , but for people of a certain people , it be heaven .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as a engineer I love hard science . Analog be the pre-eminent magazine for hard science fiction . I love short story and the editorial piece . this magazine be obviously a labor of love for the editor . do not just support you interest with praise . support they with money . subscribe now !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you love modern , this be the magazine for you . lot of great story and picture of modern home and furniture . I love get this magazine every month . for a new lover of modern , it be a great introduction .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Selling Power be a excellent tool for anyone want to improve skill . from tactic to method , this magazine cover it all as never before . if you be in sale , or be think of it , subscribe to Selling Power !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	in one year 's time , I never receive several of the issue . I believe it be two issue that just never show up . not sure whose fault that be , but it be annoy . I know I be move soon and decide instead of renew , I would just start a new subscription at my new address . as the subscription run out , I be mortify to start receive debt-collection style renewal notice in the mail . big red letter with word like `` Past Due '' be stamp on the outside of the envelope . I be shock that a magazine that feature high-end fashion would stoop to such cheap , trashy method of get renewal . though I enjoy the magazine and love the photo shoot , those notice really turn I off and I decide not to start up a subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I receive National Geographic as a gift because I be get too old for Ranger Rick . -lrb- quite the jump , I must add -rrb- . I read my first issue and immediately want more . the picture , as many have say , be always stunning , and the writing be spectacular . obviously , such a world-renowned magazine must be spectacular . my only complaint be that it take so long to read that , with my busy schedule , I do not ever have time to read anything else . they tend to pile up , but I read they all eventually - I can not bear the thought of just put a unread issue straight into the rack with the read one . it really be fantastic and make a great bar or Bat Mitzvah gift .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to this magazine since 1970 . at one point they set I up for automatic renewal , with billing later , without my consent . I have to call and get that cancel . then they send I renewal notice each month begin at least six month before my expiration . these rate be much more than twice the renewal rate I get through Amazon . last year when I call the magazine directly and ask why they would not match this rate since I have be a loyal subscriber since 1970 , they do give I a one time renewal for the Amazon rate , but say it be a one time rate and deny that I could get that rate again unless I be a first time subsriber -lrb- which do offend I -rrb- . then this year it be back to the same renewal process . I go to Amazon this year and renew quickly and simply and just receive my first issue . I will do the same in the future .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	after about two month of recieve this magazine I return it . it just wasnt what I be hope for . I normally subscribe to veranda , and coastal living and think that the magazine be along those line but be bore with everything in the magazine
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Angels have a habit of appear at just the right moment and in the most unlikely of place . in the January\/February 2008 issue Angels on Earth magazine these `` messenger '' -lrb- the word angel come from the greek word `` angelo '' which mean messenger . -rrb- be spot in a fancy french restaurant , on duty after Hurricane Katrina , and during a moment of weakness . in my own case , my Valentine Angel -lrb- pg 44 -rrb- work for the local utility company . read about the angelic encounter of other can give we hope in we own life . `` every visible thing in this world , '' say St Augustine , `` be put under the charge of a angel . '' Angels do exist and if you be open you will soon have you own story to share .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Ok , the secret be out ... I be a closet soap opera fan . I watch as the World turn and Guiding Light regularly , and occasionally all my child . this magazine be ideal for someone who be a casual viewer and only follow one network . the writing be that great , although it be not bad , per se . it be just very elementary . other magazine about soap have more intelligent critique of act and story . the `` spoiler '' be not as good as in other magazine , either , and the recap be not as up to date as in sod or spw . overall , for what it cost , I would say just get Soap Opera Digest or Soap Opera Weekly . it be a bit better than Soap Opera Update , though , which be why I give it 2 star as oppose to 1 .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine hit a new low recently but be in lockstep with the media bias demomstrate so wonderfully by the Chicago Tribune . the story track a particular pistol travel from manufacturer to the street of Chicago exhibit the typical reporter attempt to shape public opinion to they viewpoint . Stories such as these be shine example of how America 's public be slowly brainwash into believe what the reporter portray in a one side story . America , the firearm issue be the biggest cover-up since the JFK assassination . if you disbelieve what I have just state you already brainwash .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	its good to browse at cause of all the latest style but that really it . it be nutn great
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	try this out . good for folk that be in business . I like to read it just to get some idea on how other do they business . it be for folk who lie light reading . totally recomend for everyone who be interest in business in general .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	excellent source for all lover of design , architecture , pre-fab and modern . all the great image and article without the pomp and circumstance of other architectural mag .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my wife buy I a subscription for Christmas and I love this magazine . the picture publish every month be breathtaking and the article be very well write and be mostly very interesting . I like it even better now because with you subscription , you can access the magazine from a tablet and it be interactive . there be video and online part in the tablet version that you obviously can not get in the print version . this be a great magazine !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I get this as a freebie along with w and it last only as long as I receive it for one year . the use of fur and skin be nauseating and I could not have be more disgusted at the vapid , innocuous , ` insight ' it offer . this magazine have no redeeming social value .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I would be happy to give a better review if the magazine have ever arrive . I be still wait .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	receive the first 3 issue in the mail at the same time . will be interesting to see how the next issue come .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I really dont realize why I have not receive this item yet its going on 6 week and have already be charge . SO IM UNABLE to RATE THIS PRODUCT .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my daughter love the magazine and actually spend more time reading than normal . something be better than nothing .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this magazine be a Christmas present to a relative . he enjoy it very much . I have have issue with the publisher about duplicate but that seem to have be straighten out .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	well over half the magazine be advertisement , very few article from which i have learn nothing at all . I would recommend take a look at they website -lrb- entrepreneur.com -rrb- instead of subscribe to they magazine . they website contain better article that can be more helpful than those find in the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have be read interview since the late 80 's and I have always enjoy it . however , this be not the purpose of this rating . my one star be for the subscription service . when I subscribe in the 90 's I get each issue monthly without any problem . I resubscribe in the summer of 2009 ... and do not get my first issue until the October 2009 issue arrive sometime in November which I think be a bit weird at the time ... but do not give too much attention to . I receive issue through January , and then they stop . I contact subscription and get the same song and dance about the February issue that other people have already mention . then I harass they mercilessly and finally get the March issue mail to I in mid-April . I contact they again today because I have not see any sign of the April or May issue ... both of which have be on the newsstand , but not at my door . it be beyond frustrate know that something have be publish and that you should have a copy , but you be not get it . they subscription service suck . clearly we , the subscriber , be unimportant to they . if it do not pick up I 'll likely ask for a refund but , honestly , I be not hold my breath that I 'll get it give how unreliable everything else have be with they . I also subscribe for four year through one of those school fundraiser thing because I just assume there would not be a problem ... I be sure I do not have to comment about how much I regret that . good magazine but horrible , terrible , awful subscription service .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we go to Hawaii annually and this magazine help we stay in touch with island happening , situation , cultural event on the mainland , recipe and all thing hawaiian . it help ease the homesickness of be away from we 2nd `` home '' . they even have a annual photo contest to enter for the photography buff . -lrb- would I be shamefully plug that I win the cultural category in the issue feature to lure you to this review ? -lrb- bring the Islands Home -rrb- -rrb- ; - -rrb- for Hawaii fanatic , this mag for you ... hand down !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Cowboys & Indians Magazine be one of the most enjoyable read in magazine publishing . each issue I look forward to escape to the various destination , event , and read the article regard art and work of artisan . the beautiful photography and layout of the magazine let you dream about the place you would like to be and the people \/ personality you would like to meet . I would recommend this magazine to anyone who enjoy any aspect of western lifestyle .  hat off to a great publication !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	superlative be hard to apply in a market as fractured as science fiction . be `` hard '' sf better than `` soft '' ? what about `` Space Opera '' ? and what importance be place on exact scientific accuracy ? therefore , it be impossible to pin down a single magazine as the `` best '' in the field .  however , for fan of character-driven and sociological science fiction , `` Asimov 's '' must surely be the top of the line . through the year it have enjoy a number of skillful and discriminate editor , and have foster the editorial career of professional who now edit other genre magazine . this title have be lavish with award , include the Hugo and the Nebula , for both its content and its management . it have the longest unbroken publishing history of any sf magazine currently in print . and its subscription number have be traditionally the strongest in the genre market .  that say , in the soft sf market of the last decade , the magazine have suffer . as advertising revenue have drop off and subscription have flag , the number of page have get smaller through the year , and there be fewer story as a result . the magazine have change hand twice in recent year . and , without Asimov himself at the symbolic helm , there have be a slight drift in theme .  in spite of all this , `` Asimov 's '' be easily the best buy in sf mag today . with story excellently choose by Gardner Dozois that at least stick comfortably within the genre , entertaining and illuminating essay by endure author Robert Silverberg , and informative , concise book review , this magazine cover the gamut of science fiction .  though sf have suffer in recent year , this magazine remain one of the strongest purchase available to fan and neophyte of the genre . enjoy with all compliment , and remember , there be another one come next month .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Harper 's have be in business since 1850 and have publish some of the greatest american - writer , from Mark Twain on down . its editor and tone - setter be the veteran journalist Lewis Lapham . it publish fiction , and article include interesting symposium on many aspect of american economic , political and cultural life . it attract the big - name in all area , and also provide a lot of human - interest material , statistical curiosity , historical information and story . for some reason which I do not fully understand it have never be my great favorite . and in the old day I prefer ` the Atlantic ' and the ` Saturday Review of Literature ' to it . of course one of the feature of ` Harper 's be its book - review do by among other today , John Leonard . I suppose what have sour I a bit on ` Harper 's ' be its bias to the political left . but that withstand it still provide a rich mix of article of high quality .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	would love to review if I have receive it but I have not get the first issue yet !! any idea why ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	WOW , i remember Interview in the 90 , when it be well design , thoughtfully write and entertaining . the current incarnation be none of the above . Photography wise , every issue look the same , high contrast photo . the amount of smoking as see in the image be shocking . be it require to appear in the magazine with a cigarette ? the design be terrible but masquard as good . the type be too small , the layout work against the reader , but if you can manage to be bother to read a article , it be very ho hum . I be so bummed . it be not worth even the $ 10 or whatever for the year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	it be be a month since i have order Dwell and my first magazine have not arrive so i do not have much to review .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	back to the basics boy ... back to the basics . it take you from top to bottom and remind you of what you be do on a daily basis ! it be a must in sale and sale management in my opinion ... and yes I know everyone have one .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have a subscription a number of time , and find it almost comparable to `` seventeen , '' or `` YM . '' while I find the gossip section in any of these publication , j-14 , offer a little less of it . they article be of good length . unlike `` bop , '' `` Teen Machine , '' and `` Pop Star , '' `` j-14 , '' be in full color , and every other page be not a pin-up , or poster . one con be the choice to include Eminem , Dainty Kaine , and some other I feel be not best for young teens . Paris Hilton be one such individual . we be all human , but she continued poor influence , be a bad influence on preteen !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	everyone know what a quality magazine Nat . Geo . be . it have maintain that quality for many year with interesting subject matter and unbeatable photography . even article that at first seem to hold no interest to I become very enjoyable . through Amazon I be able to get such a tremendous deal that I renew my subscription and 2 gift subscription for 2 year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National geography magazine ... excellent for family reading ... also with great photography , if you dont have time to travel around . this a a good deal from amazon , $ 15 for subscription of one year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I use to read this magazine a long time ago when I be like 13 . I have since then grow out of this magazine . I personally be sick of magazine like this that have celebrity gosssip . this magazine be almsost as bad as US Weekly . get seventeen magazine instead . p.s-i be not a kid - I do not have a login
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i enjoy read this magazine . it have information that would be beneficial to diabetic . also have a penpal section in the back if one would be interested
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this magazine for my son on 6\/22\/08 . he have yet to receive he first issue and now have a new address . I be have a terrible time try to correct the shipping address .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	do not get I wrong , I like Dwell . I think the magazine have a lot of great content , but the problem be that most of the time the stuff present be super expensive . I suggest use it for idea , emulate they with you own creativity . : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if it be in Vogue , it be in fashion ! this magazine , which have exist since 1892 , be one of the premier magazine for woman . it be a american magazine , but also have australian , brazilian , british , french , german , italian , and spanish edition . it cover fashion , beauty , health , fitness , celebrity , movie , art , and other topic of interest to woman . vogue be mainly direct at the Jet-Set , but anyone will find its page both entertaining , and informative . I have a subscription to it , and I collect it on the basis of its collectibility . Mine arrive in clear plastic bag , which be never open -lrb- unless of course one of my favorite celebritie 's be on the cover -rrb- . I wish all magazine publisher use the clear bag method of shipping , because a subscription label directly on the cover of a magazine be frown upon by most collector . so unless you buy it right off the shelf , or it be bag , most collector will not be interested in it . get back to Vogue , if you want to keep up with what be in in fashion , this be the magazine to have . you know those $ 1,000 dress you have hear about ? you 'll find many of they model in here ! fashion photograph by some of the world 's most renowned photographer , be feature in the magazine . if you be someone who enjoy read about the elite in woman 's topic , you 'll want to subscribe to VOGUE .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	where do I begin ? this magazine have it all for fan of sci-fus , the only periodical which can rival it be Asimov 's . but , if you be like I , you like a combination of real science as well as the fiction , and Analog excel at bring both to the reader . I always feel a sense of anticipation when open up a new issue of Analog , it be just so consistently good . if you have never try Analog before , and love sci-fus , I would say get a copy today , or better yet , subscribe , you will not be sorry .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be great just for keep the spirit . it be fill with many success story . but hardly any of those success story include the detail that lead they into success . it be also extremely gear towards franchise . every other article , and every other ad be about franchise . I have a one year subscription and at this point I be bore . I 'll keep the subscription , but it be highly unlikely that I will renew next year . \*\*\* Though one should check out they web site at entrepreneur.com . you will find that it be the total opposite of the magazine , and will prove to be a great wealth of information .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my kid love get National Geographic . my daughter love read about all the different place and look at the picture .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I though that this magazine be awesome , but not , to many comercial page , the content be minimun ... and be so boring ... .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	my wife get we start on this one during we nightly bedtime reading . she would say `` here be a good one '' and read it to I . the nice thing about this publication be that it do not cram religion down you throat . every piece be concise and spiritually uplift without be preachy . I give it 4 star only because it be a little too sappy for I sometimes , kind of like watch 7th Heaven , but if you want something that for a few minute of time can leave you in a much more spiritual frame of mind , this be it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	basically all this magazine be gossip and celebrity . now if you like celebrity , thats great . get this magazine but it be a little ... blah . its not a very good magazine - suscribe it for a year and that will be enough celebrity gossip that it will be come out of you ear .  overall : try it for a bit . I buy about 5 of they and they be good but then I realize I do not care about what type of hair product this celebrity be use ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	anyone who appreciate great photography , whether it be landscape , people , place , event , artwork , etc. and have any interest in a western lifestyle will love this magazine ! and they interview with topical people be great too . Russell Crowe be outstanding , and come out right around the Oscars !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have love National Geographic since my uncle -lrb- a teacher -rrb- thought be would make a good birthday gift when I be younger . he start I on a lifetime of find magazine like National Geographic . though I have other magazine , National Geographic remain my favorite and the standard of magazine . though it have change somewhat through the year , the one thing that always remain be the imagery . the photograph range from breathtaking , inspirational , educational and heartbreaking and be often more than that . the effort photographer undertake be incredible . -lrb- the special issue of 100 best photograph be amazing -rrb- and see the image in print be the best way to see these . though you may see the image on the web , they be not quite the same . dinosaur , space , astronomy , history and so much more . special and worth have as you will find yourself go back to revisit story and riveting image .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy the latest issue of Vogue , because my favorite actress -lrb- Gwyneth Paltrow -rrb- be on the cover . I think , ick ! what a girly wirly magazine . I like smell the page , though , and take the sample . sometimes I get papercut !! what a stupid magazine it give you paper cut , no other mag . have do that to I . do not buy it if you hate blood . . you finger will be full when you flip to , like , the fifth page ! it be a basically , buy this get this free magazine . I flip to the first page , cut up the book with my knife in 1067 piece , -lrb- I count -rrb- and feed it to my dog , Gumby , and my dog choke on the piece ! I be send a big , 30 page complaint letter that say these page be chokable , a little baby could tear of a piece , plop it in he mouth and die ! come back home and find a dead baby in you crib . oh well , no more smelly diaper to change ! would be the only good side of a dead baby . not to mention , Gumby be now alive but slowly die of Morencelucoius Voguelmagozolocus , a disea where animal digest page . look it up , ask you mom , it be true .  if you buy this magazine , ghost will haunt you in you dream , say thing like , you must die because you buy Vogue ! it happend to I and I could not sleep for the past seventy three day . no joke , I count . anyway , now I hate Gwyneth , they make she sound so terrible and stuff , and now it be convinced I , even though it might not be true , and I seriously can not stand she ! and what kind of name be Vogue ! it be hard to pronounce , I think it be Vogoo so I ask the Magazine Store lady and she say something mumblish and I say , what ! she yell at I because I could not hear she , what a witch with a b instead of W. so now I call it vogoo . not my fault . they should make the front page say , it be pronounced : -lrb- whatever it be -rrb- with those thing or else people will stop buy it because it be way to hard to pronounce ! I prefer Crayola Kids magazine and kid planet . plus , every single word in Vogue be spell wrong , I count this special issue only I get , not you , and ever single word , -lrb- I check in the dictionary -rrb- be wrong ! this be how they spell the word i : Eye . Am : Em . Vogue : Vugoe . what idiot ! anyway , get Kid planet it be the best for all age and Crayola Kids have fun craft so buy it , buy it , buy it ! unless you poor stick you boring old , paper choke , weird smell , ugly , typoed magazine .  bye !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I be invite by Amazon.com to review Interview magazine . it be time to re-new my subscription and Amazon.com offer a better price than Interview itself . -lrb- my business refuse to buy -lrb- or subscribe -rrb- to any magazine which cost more than a dollar a issue . interview be display in the reception area so it be like ` free advertising ' for the mag . -rrb- if you be not familiar with this publication then let I say right-off-the-bat that it be originally started\/published by Andy Warhol . interest now ? one of the thing I love about the mag be : many\/most of the interview be do by non-journalist . how would you like to have : Keith Richards interview Johnny Depp ? or Gwyneth Paltrow talk to Stella McCartney about she latest show ? that be the way interview approach it . most of the time interview be way ahead of the curve ; you will see the movie , hear the album , read the book , etc. long after the ` interview ' appear in Interview ; which imply you better hang-on to you copy , to read later what be discuss , once you have have the subjective experience yourself . J Sharkey -lrb- Diamond Mind Productions , L.C.C. -rrb- 5312011
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy the j-14 mag every month , and i spend 4.99 + tax on it . sometime i do not have the money to spend on it , but i really want it . but if u get this it be for 12 month -lrb- so never miss one -rrb- and it be a great price !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	just to balance out the one star review I read here , I must say that this be a first rate publication , really outstanding , and that I have never have any problem with my subscription . I have be a loyal and avid reader for over six year . give it a try . it will inspire on many level .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be a great magazine to learn about what other people be do with they business . not only that , I find it very inspirational . this be not something that be go to take you from a 9-to-5 to run you own business , but it will definitely help you if you be already there .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it be good but not great some of the rumor , fact , and stuff about star be pretty obvious but if you do not know zilch about star and would like to this magazine be load with everything you want to know about star ! I recommend this magazine for age 10-14 !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I ablotley adore this magizine ! it have all my favorite star i dont think it be good for little kid like 8 year old because it have nothing they be intrest in . I think it be best to be 10 and up because then you be more inrest in beatuy , hair , Boys , Gossip , and celeb . it like star , US weekly but for teens ! : d I love this magizine ! oh yah for twilight fan it have plenty of robert pattison kirsten stweart and taylor launter ! .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you like a modern view of architecture and living in general , this be it . the article be well write and interesting . the ad tend to go for the high end market , but be interesting . well worth the $ .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	for a long time I subscribe to both analog and Asimov 's Science fiction but recently decide to drop the Analog . the story be not as good in my opinion -lrb- as evidence by fewer award win -rrb- , and a lot of space be give over to `` fact '' article which do not much interest I , especially since a lot of the news present in those article I have already hear before . so when it come time to cut my budget , I choose to keep Asimov 's which offer approximately one more fiction story per month . of course if Asimov 's do not exist , then Analog would definitely be on my first choice . both be fine literary magazine . Analog - 4 star Asimov 's - 5 star
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I can not tell you how many great science fiction writer I discover through reading Analog . my first Larry Niven story be in Analog , as well as my first Spider Robinson story . most of the great get they start here , and many of they continue write a story for Analog now and then . the short story be a good friend to science fiction . it allow for the explore of a idea without the need to `` fill it out '' to novel length . this magazine have a nice blend of story , article and comic strip . novel length story be serialize , and arrive in chapter form . the letter column be often as much fun to read as the story . as with any anthology , Analog contain it be share of `` miss . '' the good far outweigh the bad , and I strongly recommend it as a subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the only political magazine that make legitimate point that be not bias and then acutully support they . I be sick of all this liberal propaganda that be everywhere . newspaper , magazine , televison , and even at school my teacher try to influence the student ' political view . if you like Sean Hannity than I garrenty that you will enjoy this magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this be order for my granddaughter out of town also . she have not yet receive it since the first issue be not schedule to arrive until early Feb. . I be sure she will enjoy it since she be familiar with magazine and love article from all over the wold . she also love animal so this should be very good for she .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i find this magazine to be wonderful with picture and story . i be interested in all the subject they have . if i only have one magazine to buy , i would buy this one .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have read this magazine on and off for a several year and want to add my 2 cent . yes , the magazine do have many ad for business opportunity . but this be exactly something I want to read and evaluate , the marketplace of business opportunity . many of these be franchise opportunity , which be exactly where the first time entrepreneur should start . the article be generally well write and many will obviously be useful , but not all . the value of each article often depend on where you be in the business creation process . it be not until I read the e-myth Revisited that I understand the value of these franchise . this magazine slice and dice the franchise by many metric to help you find one where you be most likely to both succeed and be happy . the magazine be easily worth more than the price to any person seriously start or build a small enterprise . Hope this have be helpful to the entrepreneur out there .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	you think a magazine such as National Geographic would be about fact and true reporting of those fact of the world we be live in today . but , no , the Arab state money have cloud they fact slightly and make they into something of a fiction . they try to change the Persian Gulf to Arabian Gulf , think no one would notice ???? well , Persia be there thousand of year a go and its one of the oldest civilisation of the world . New Arabian money can not and will not change that history and will not rename the Persian Gulf . change history usually happen when part of history have be forget . well iran and Iranians live and they history have not and will never be forget . as long as one iranian life , Persian gulf will remain persian .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have a lot of info for anyone who want to start or have start a business . very good value for the price . I even get a $ 50 facebook ad coupon in the May 2011 issue but who know if that 'll run again . entrepreneur be also pretty motivational since there be a lot of success story that give you a push to actually launch you idea .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be read National Geographic magazine for 40 year . every issue excite I for the exquisite photography and well write and research article .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I only recently discover this magazine while browse at we local Books-A-Million . this be a super magazine for serious sale professional . Articles be top notch . very informative . a must only if you want to supercharge you sale career .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	at the young age of 23 i found 4 different business all 4 i have make a profit on , there be many reason for this and im sure you reading this review and be doubt it , i just do not have time and decide today i be go to leave a host of amazon review , with ; that say i have learn a great deal from Inc that help I in all of my business venture i read it cover to cover and then again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the picture be amazing in National Geographic . I get to go visit place this way that I will never make it to in person . the story be a great insight into life in other part of this big world , both human and animal . I have be a fan of this magazine for many year .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	its a great magazine and i reccomend it to any one . it have everything you ever need to know on music , movie , hairstyle , makeup , etc. it have poster in every issue , but most of they be only brittany spear and NSYNC ... i be hope for more eminem and maybe even some new band -lrb- simple plan , Grand skeem , hatebreed etc. -rrb- its mostly all about pop star ... not rap , punk , heavy metal or any of that ... but i still reccomend it to any one
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	interview have be hit with a number of production problem over the last couple of year . the dual editor Glenn O'Brien and Fabien Baron coulnd ' t agree on content so Baron leave in January of 09 . Art director M\/M Paris come in for three issue but leave when they be not pay . o'brienn leave in the summer of '09 and Baron come back . the result ? well , the magazine never come on time -lrb- up to 2 month late , if at all ! -rrb- there be also a lot of double up the month , instead of October and November issue there be one October\/November issue combo , same with December and January . and this be write on February 7 , and still no February issue of the magazine have be mail . so subscribe at you own risk , because who know if Interview be go to be around long enough to fulfill you subscription . and at $ 6 a issue , it be really not worth buy it on the newsstand . and to update , it be now March 15 and I have receive no February issue or March issue . here be Interview 's response : `` we regret to inform you that we February issue will be deliver late due to production delay . please allow until March 10 , 2010 for delivery of this issue . we be sorry for the inconvenience this have cause . second Update : May 2nd no February Issue . no March Issue . no April Issue . no May issue . call up Interview and cancel my subscription and demand a full refund for service not render . final UPDATE : I ask for a complete refund and get it ! they be a lot faster mail out they refund check than they magazine !!!!! so again , do not waste you money on a subscription to Interview - you will not be mail any magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i love this magazine , can not wait for the next issue . would recommend this for any one who like to look at western clothing , and jewelry , or furniture . thanks , lee
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this mag be da bomb ! i buy it at first just because christina aguilera be in a article in it . i keep buy it month after because i just could not stop read it , plus its get ton of pic ! i be cover my wall in celebrity pic and this come in handy ; -rrb- but there like gossip , interview , and funy cartoon pic of artist , and like just everything you can imagine . the only thing i didnt quite like be how there be poster every single time of britney , nsync , and BSB , i mean there be so many more artistsout there !! butif you love music -lrb- its mostly a pop mag -rrb- then this definitly be the mag for you !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love j-14 i have be a loyal subscriber to this magazine for 2 year ... and i could not ask for a better magazine ! I be a huge fan of Kelly Osbourne , and j-14 always have the latest scoop on she , and have ton of picture ! I hate magazine like YM , Teen People , and all those other stupid magazine because there be more ad in it than article . . and what the point of read a magazine that only have ad in it ? there be not one...j-14 also have free glossy picture of lot of different celeb in every issue , which be very cool ! they also do not keep there focus on the same thing every month . . each issue be very interesting and really well put together !!! I love j-14 and if you a teen , you would love it too !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I would not have think originally about Amazon provide such a great savings on such a popular magazine . I purchase this for my daughter for Christmas and with all of the sale I try to catch for clothing and other thing , this be a add bonus of savings by order through Amazon . vogue be a great magazine for the latest fashion !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have consistently place my order for ng for over 2 year and I have not fail to resubscribe on expiration . the magazine be informative and well like . good value for money .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	ok , this be major league journalism and if you want a leftist progressive perspective it be about as good as it get . but what turn I off -- even though I still reluctantly read it -- be the level of cynicism that typically pervade its page . it ought to be call `` Sardonica . '' no matter what , they will criticize , they will find fault , they will give reason for despair . sometimes the editor rise out of it , as when they do a article on how capitalism might be save in which they include the brilliant thought of a number of well-spoken visionary . but in general the cynicism drag it down . there be also a kind of stylish decadence about it , a undercurrent of futility . I mean , when GWB be elect , all the conservative publication be like `` here be we chance . let 's make the most of it . '' Obama 's have not even serve a year yet and Harper 's have already run a feature article about how he be go to fail . with friend like that , who need ... Harper 's !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	be get NatGeo for at least 50 year - I guess I 'll keep subscribe for another 50 year if I be able !!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine have be very informative and enjoyable for we family of bird watcher . the article be usually educational or humorous , or both ! excellent photography . topic might include not only bird but equipment for bird watch , awesome place to see specific bird and when , environmental issue or `` laugh-out-loud '' bird watch experience . for the think bird watcher as well as the backyard bird feeder enthusiast . try it !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	after read a few of the other review , I be again baffle by the left\/liberal take on thing . this be a CONSERVATIVE magazine !! liberal , open at you own risk ! you just might encounter a differ view point than you own ! goodness . the article be informative , indepth , humorous , and thoughtful . it be a good read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be simply a great magazine for people interested in the world . the world of people , the world of animal , the world of plant , the world of beautiful place , the world of ugly place . while the text can sound aloof at time , the photo be simply world-class . in fact , I read ng mainly for the photograph . as the chinese proverb go , `` a picture be worth a thousand word . '' ng hire some of the best portrait and nature photographer who trek thousand of mile each year to bring ng reader amazing and sometimes mesmerizing photo . this magazine truly open one 's eye and mind . my only minor complaint be the large number of ad in the magazine which sometimes look almost like part of a real story . BTW , Amazon be charge too much for this magazine . you can subscribe on NG 's website for almost half of what Amazon charge .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine be write primarily for theperson with little or no background in Geography . it be not a intense scholarly magazine and , as a geograohy professor point out , tend to be chatty . but , it do give great information on geopgraphy as well as other field in the Social Sciences even natural history . there be many article about people and place around the world and they custom . there be article on the latest exploration and discovery . such as the rediscovery of the gnostic gospel of Judas and the oldest tatooed mummy . zip usa take a single US Zip Code and describe the custom and practice of the people live within that zip code . there be many interesting article about people and place in the United States . I become interested in geography and Anthropology through read this magazine . the article be quite informative and entertaining and the photography be outstanding .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	probably the best magazine ever . Educational , entertaining , and informative , National Geographic be a timeless present for anyone , as long as they do not already have a subscription ; -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be a subscriber for about 3 year now . I always enjoy get the magazine in the mail . I have to spend 3-4 hour to get through all the picture and content -lrb- which be all very good -rrb- and it give I great idea with what to do to my place .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	j-14 be a good magazine overall , but there be some -lrb- false -rrb- stuff in here that the magazine staff probably make up to get people to buy it , especially in the `` truth or rumor '' section . the magazine have good article , and ton and ton of picture and lot of glossy , full-color poster . there be feature on music , tv , and movie . the embarrasing moment , -lrb- ugly -rrb- story , and truth or dare story submit by reader be one of the best part of the magazine , and I always like to read they . the magazine also have horoscope , feature on what celebrity wear , make-up and beauty advice , and more . overall , this be a good magazine , but it would be even better if it be completely true .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we family have this when I be a kid - it have be a long time since then . great article !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I get a subscription to this magazine , but they only send I a copy every other month ! I end up get only 6 issue when I pay for 12 ! I be sure of this because I save every issue I get just to make sure . also , in the September issue , on page 14 , you can clearly see that MaryKate 's lower back be not real . it be edit . this magazine do not focus on anything interesting and it be not good for older teens . I would never recommend this magazine to anyone !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Amazon have get to be the best service out there to manage magazine subscription , and get really good discount on these . I just do not have time to maintain password and login for so many different website . this subscription be a birthday present for my wife . she love it ! also , so easy to renew .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you do not already know , National Geographic be the magazine to open you eye to the world and its news . my favorite magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this subscription for my son who be think of start a business . this be the most think provoke magazine in this category
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	my wife get a free subscription to interview by use some Coke reward . I have never read anything so stupid in all my life . it be nothing but a bunch of full page ad and self indulgent drivel . not a single ounce of substance . who read this junk ... how could they possibly have be around for 40 year ?? then I read that Warhol start it and suddenly it all make sense . anyone who think Andy Warhol actually contribute anything meaningful to ... anything ... probably think this be better than the bible ... do not waste you money ... unless you be send it to someone as a joke .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this through amazon , receive my first issue , then have the subscription promptly cancel . call Nat Geo , get route to India and receive the typical call center `` customer service . '' I offer to repurchase the subsciption from Nat Geo , they want to charge nearly $ 40 , yet they own web site display $ 15 . the customer service rep tell I to order from the web site then . this kind of disconnect between a company 's web pressence and other incarnation be unexceptable in this day and age . plus , they be still call my house try to sell I crap ! I never expect a historically beloved and classy magazine like National Geographic to have such shoddy and trashy customer service practice . they be obviously make a ton of loot , because they do not seem to care about retain my business at all . strange and a little sad when I can order Entertainment Weekly and receive more lucid service than from Nat Geo .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	love the mag ng . unfortunately I renew thru Amazon and they be to transfer my ng order to the publisher of NG so that I would not lose any issue between my exist subscription which be up this month and my renewal ... this have not happen and I have have no way of contact Amazon to rectify this situation . so I be write a review of Amazon and the disappointment in renew my magazine thru they and now will miss about 3-4 issue until they play catchup . will think again before renew thru Amazon . seem a communication gap here . call ng and they inform I I must reach Amazon and let they know of the change . this be not what the order form say from Amazon . I be lead to believe Amazon would make the transfer with the publishing company from NG .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	timely information on the happening within the body of Christ ; a conservative evangelical perspective without a lot of hellfire and brimstone . a worthwhile read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have be a enthusiastic reader of Dwell for a couple of year . I like it for it be focus on modern housing and home product . I have become bore with some of the content aim at teaching reader about product design and commercial building . I be interested mainly in article about modern home , interior , landscape and furniture . I be also tire of have environmentalism cram down my throat . I be not look for a political viewpoint ; just a good magazine about Modern home . I be go to subscribe to atomic Ranch instead .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a excellent magazine to learn about people and culture of the world , natural earth formation , physical geography like storm and volcano , and animal alive and extinct . the photograph be splendid .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this review refer to `` Cowboys and Indians '' -lrb- magazine -rrb- I purchase this `` Cowboys and Indians '' during my last grocery shopping trip when I be pass the magazine rack and there be John Wayne 's face grace the cover . this edition be a `` special Collector 's Edition '' with a centennial tribute to we guy . I could not resist . and I think that I may even order a subscription because Cowboys and Indians hold a great interest for I . I love everything to do with they . the feature article on the Duke be great , and I enjoy read it very much , but there be not too much else about this publication that would make I want to put out the money to receive it on a regular basis . the magazine be pretentious and gear toward those cowboy and gal who may be live in Beverly Hills . the page be nearly cover to cover advertisement for high style and high price goods range from land to furniture , artwork , jewelry and clothing . there be a few article , poem and story between all the schmaltz . in this issue I be interested in one about a french cowboy actor Jean `` Joe '' Hamman -lrb- 1885 - 1974 -rrb- dub the `` french John Wayne '' . I also find some great western recipe and gardening tip . when I see a article title ` Hi-Ho Silver '' , I get excite think it would at least be something have to do with `` the Lone Ranger '' , but of course it be page and page of high price jewlery . for the most part , this high quality magazine do not give I much on real cowboy . and there be almost nothing on the ` indian '' part of the title . aside from some beautiful look sculpture -lrb- and a small blurb -rrb- , one that probably be worth more then my car -lrb- I be not sure how much it cost because you have to call a number to find out -rrb- , there be not much on they at all . it be probably worth a view once or twice a year for those interested in upcome event and art fair , etc , as there be calendar with the various event . and even there , I do not see any pow-wow list . but I would not recommend a subscription if you be look for some substantial read of `` Cowboys and Indians '' happy trail ... Laurie recommend reading :  pulp writer : twenty year in the american Grub Street
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	once upon a time in the sf world there be only novel . then come Editor John Campbell and do he manage a field of great author ! Asimov , Heinlien , Clarke , and many other grow up under he .  in we modern era , science fiction have once again fall prey to 10 novel fantasy series and the -lrb- ... -rrb- EMPIRE of Star Wars and Star Trek book -lrb- I hesitate to call they novel -rrb- .  Asimov 's Science fiction be the bright shine light where fabulous sf be be write by writer that have not sell out to the Motion Picture megabuck . not that these story would not make great movie , many would , but editor Gardner Dozois demand excellence and get it .  the writer in ASF write sf the way it should be , with the science of today extrapolate into the future .  way to go and suscribe to this magazine
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have be around for over 100 year , and with the high quality of the paper , the photograh , and the content it could likely be around for another 100 year . I be amaze each month open the latest issue to learn about topic range from Arctic Alaska , to egyptian mummy , to foriegn culture and lifestyle . lately , a favorite feature of mine have be the monthly zip-code piece . the magazine take a in-depth look at a zip-code in the United States . I gain a deeper appreciation for my world through this subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I have be subcribe to j-14 since i be 6 year old . I think it be the coolest thing out there . from the Jan. 2001 issue on it be bad . I still read it expect they have crappy stuff in thier mag since it be 2004 and it be different from 2000 rigghhtt ??? it 's o.k. if u like hilary duff or lindsay lohan witch i do . . but if u want cool mag i reccomend : m mag ! good stuff !!!!!!!!!
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I subscibe to this magazine . will not renew it either ! maybe I be too old to appreciate this periodical . it be way overprice even with the Amazom , and other discount .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	ABC Soaps in Debth contain the type of article I enjoy read about General Hospital as well as the soap opera on other network in minimal detail . it contain information on the star as well .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my poor attempt at a review do not give this magazine the due it deserve . I enjoy it , and I be excite to read it every month , most of the time from cover to cover .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great magazine for any young entrepreneur , I definitely recommend it . you could find many good idea on it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase a 1 year subscription for my girlfriend 2 year ago , receive one issue and that be it . attempt to contact the publisher multiple time , no response at all . $ 15 for one issue and a big `` fu '' from the publisher be not a deal . stay away
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i subscribe to Harper 's for about four year . the reason I cancel my subscription be because the magazine rip into Israel and Jews . unlike some other liberal publication who might pretend that criticism of Israel be not anti-semitic , Harper 's would talk about the `` Jews '' influence in dc . the magazine would go so far as to accuse american Jews of forment and start war in the Middle East . anyone who be educate know this be garbage , as the vast majority of american Jews be liberal , vote Democrat , and oppose most of Israel 's contemporary policy . if you be go to stand by you reputation as a magazine with 100 % integrity , you have to be willing to explore both side of EVERY issue . even if Israel and the Jews be the one group you demonize , that be one group too many . consider the history of the jewish people , it seem like a cop-out . I should note that other than the anti-semitism this be a top-notch magazine . it be write for intelligent people . anyone who get they information from `` article on the internet '' should stick to Time or Newsweek .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I be disappointed because I order the magazine on March 12 and will not receive it til June 6 . if I have know ahead of time that it would take this long I would have order the magazine thru another vendor . totally disappoint .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I just rec have the October issue , with one week leave in the month . I would like the subscription to start with the November issue , not the the October at this late date . I have issue w \/ the magazine itself .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have previously subscribe to National Geographic Magazine and be not disappoint . from the phenomenal photography to the well think out and research article that take you around the world , it be a great educational tool and timely commentary on what be happen to we world and environment , thank you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Analog bring a dependable collection of hard-science fiction story , novella , and frequently , a serialized novel . almost all of they be worth reading ; I be have trouble thinking of a Analog story that make I give up before reach the end . while its sister publication Asimov 's tend more to the social-sf or more literary form , Analog stick to a formulum of hard-sf with some recur feature : one factual science article , one speculative science article , and a short sf humor piece -lrb- probability Zero -rrb- . Analog also have a lively letter column , where editor Stanley Schmidt or the story author often reply . and Schmidt 's editorial be always a good read .  some of the factual science article well-compliment the story , some just do not have any relation -lrb- and if I skip anything in Analog , it be some of the drier fact piece -rrb- . some excellent write-up such as a comparison between long-term weather datum and historical regime change could lead to several future story in the magazine .  dependable , high-quality , and enjoyable .  one change in publication not mention here : both Analog and Asimov 's have go to 10 issue a year from 11 , with 2 `` double issue '' instead of one per year . the double issue be always a treat but then one must wait 2 month for the next regular issue !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Dear Sir : we have not receive a single copy so far . be something the matter ? cordially yours , SEBASTIAN SUCRE
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be a weekly publication address event that will occur in the next week on the soap . it be intend to inform you of come event to improve the view experience . my issue with this publication be that it rarely be receive by Friday and most often come in the middle of the next week . not likely to order this item again .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have read National Geographic since I be a little . I always enjoy the wonderful photography in the magazine , and I have to admit , that be still the part of the magazine that I enjoy the most . oh , I read the article once in a while , but many of they have a liberal slant on they that I do not appreciate . still despite that , the story be usally well write and the picture remain outstanding .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	uhg . can you imagine take a college class at Berkeley on how to operate a cement mixer or chainsaw ? that be kind of how this magazine feel . a lot of non-entrepreneurs in a little publishing outfit try to tell you about all these `` trendy '' thing . which cell phone be hot ? how much should you spend on a haircut ? come on , let 's get real . this magazine be a joke .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Gosh how I yearn for the day when supermodel be splash on the cover of `` Vogue '' magazine . I dont think I have a issue from within the past few year that a real model -lrb- and I dont mean Kate Hudson , Reese Witherspoon or Jennifer Aniston -rrb- have grace the cover for at least two consecutive month . I suppose this be Hollywood 's answer to model become actress that now the actress be become model . sorry but even though I think Nicole Kidman be a wonderful actress with a model figure , give I Gisele or Karolina any day of the week .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	-- as the previous reviewer state , this be not a publication that have much meat to it . but I not only find fault with its ommission but also with what it do contain . if you be seek a authentically catholic perspective , look elsewhere . in its attempt to be inclusive this publication have give the name Catholic to much that be not . a good magazine be faith and Family , though it appeal more to woman . perhaps if one be look for devotional and biblical content , he could look into Magnificat .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	National Geographic Magazine be purchase through Amazon . I call National Georgraphic to check if this publication would be receive in a timely manner as it be a gift for my son . I be tell that because it be purchase through a `` outside source '' that it would take longer - possible 8 week or more . how disappointing for I ! I be not happy . thanks
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	since zero star be not a option , I settle for one . poorly write , this travesty of journalism demonstrate the problem with the right wing media ... they contempt for anything remotely moderate or progressive . if any of they contributor have ever read the constitution it would surprise I !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	overall , I enjoy this magazine and look forward to it arrive in my mailbox . like all periodical , some issue be hit or miss , but overall it be a interesting read . the feel of the magazine be exceptional -- with a beautiful matte cover , and substantial page , it be like a little picture book unto itself . the main push be in extremely cunning , modern design , so if you prefer a more traditional look -lrb- read : not less-is-more -rrb- or be not interested in modern technology for the home , perhaps this be not you bag . I enjoy article profile designer , get a glimpse into other ' home , make the most of small space , and learn about home on a more global basis . they fresh take on technology and go green be very refreshing , and waaay beyond the old `` install a CFL light bulb and you be green ! '' . I must admit , however , that Dwell do seem to be california-heavy and have a lot of article on architect and they home or extremely expensive furniture , but they still branch out enough to give one a sense of , say , the use of color in India , float home in the Netherlands , or home build as urban infill . they have also be do a great job recently explore smaller home and apartment , a breath of fresh air from other in this business . it be a good and worthwhile read that will help you explore non-traditional material , design , and thought on the industry of `` home '' .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this subscription be a total waste . I be a Chile Head , but this 20 page , six month a yr mag stunk ! there be no discretion between good hot and just nasty recipe with hot ingredient . mostly ad anyways , and the ad contain they own recipe and the actual recipe use ad ingredient . besides that , just look at what they call for ... you do not need to make to know it be go to be nasty ! and , authentic ... not unless cenral american use ground beef in they dish
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the picture of National Geographic have always catch my attention , but after order for my wife , I have the privelege to take my time and read through the extensive information find in they article and I be blow away . incredible journalism go into these magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	without a doubt the most complete magazine for travel , culture , science we world ... Earth ... should be use in every classroom better than any text book . . read one article a day and you will have more knowledge than 99 % of the population of the planet .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Asimov 's science fiction magazine be one of the premier source of new short story and novellum length science fiction . it also have the occasional serialized novel . have be introduce to science fiction through Isaac Asimov 's own short story anthology back in the 70 's I be surprise to find how much I enjoy the return to the short story format after many year of `` blockbuster novel '' . the magazine consistently showcase the best new talent . it also have a stable of veteran , commercially successful , writer that use the magazine as a vehicle to return to they root . notable such as Michael Swanwick , James Patrick Kelly , Kage Baker , and Tom Purdom to name a few . Asimov 's seem to always have nominee in the yearly Nebula and Hugo award for science fiction .  most story be `` Social Science fiction '' in which a loose future backdrop be use to tell a character base story with a eventual universal truism reveal . it be rare to find a `` hard science fiction '' story in which the extrapolation of known science into a future setting play a critical role in the climax and conclusion of the story . Stories from the early writings of Larry Niven be good example of such story . this be a forgivable lapse as most editor would tell you that they would love to see more hard science submission .  the magazine also boast one of the best editorial section pen by acclaimed author Robert Silverberg . he cover topic range from strict science to historical recollection of the science fiction genre . he have also reintroduce many reader to lose story and author such as Cordwainer Smith with great biographical piece .  they also have poem ; no offense Mr. Haldeman .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Dwell be a unique -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- magazine and I like that . unlike many if not most magazine that revolve around home design , this magazine do so with environmental concern in mind as well as style . and as someone who appreciate the less be more mantra , I like the fact that the magazine show off abode that be small yet spacious . like in the April 2006 issue where aloft in the forest , where a urban yet forest feel loft style home on a compact lot be show . use easy and affordable idea for the interior element . yes , the magazine have ad , but to they credit they must screen client so that what ad be there , fit the style of the magazine . no fluffy dust catch junk .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	imho ... the magazine have creepy bias towards one ABC soap actress , she character and the character 's wannabe pairing in particular . the interview seem skewed and edit to make some look good and other not so much . not gonna waste my hard earn money on the musing of some glorified fangirl . I want something objective , fair , and unbiased something to match what I see onscreen .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe this VOGUE for 1 year and I doubt the quality of this US edition magazine . there be barely nothing in the magazine but advertisement . it seem a little bit attractive when you see the cover but nobody can not ever find a real thing in the magazine . 90 % of the content be ad . and the US VOGUE have no taste at all ! it be absolutely trash when it compare with italian VOGUE even Chinese VOGUE . I have read all the 12 issue and do not see any improvement\/change . stop read it might be a wise choice . I be glad now it be finally stop deliver .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a great gift . we subscribe to this for family last year and they love it . the only problem be that when we renew it for they this year , there be nothing send to those in receipt , so the only way they know they get it be that we tell they . it would be nice if they send a note out that they subscription have be renew . I think they say they would : -lrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I have be get AG for over a year now and look forward to its arrival each month . the editor be constantly improve and tuning the mag . a recent addition be the weekly workout series by Scott Nygaard . most of the interview , product review and article be sync have to video accessible to reader on they site . a good magazine that will only get better . 5 star ! Update : originally I be give access to they website to reference article find in the mag ... HOWEVER ... that facet have be remove and I guess you now also have to subscribe to the website as well . I can appreciate how tough it must be run a successful mag ... but screw you reader be too much . I downgrade the mag to 2 star .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I be shock at the nasty comment about Catholic Digest here .  this be a publication that have serve Catholics in the U.S. for well over fifty year . this angry bias against they be unfonded and untrue . it be a `` digest '' of some of the best reading for Catholics albeit a `` digest '' so why would one expect something else when you subscribe ?  i enjoy receive it each month . besides , it be the only magazine I find my teenage niece reading in my house ! I think that speak volume !!!  thank you catholic Digest for remain faithful in you service to Catholics who actually read magazine for enjoyment and pleasure .  p.s. no magazine do not sell its list to worthy organization . if you do not want to get these mail offer , tell the magazine and they will remove you from the list offer to other .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	we have have a subscription for several year . each month we enjoy read the various story of how God work in the life of individual . it be non-sectarian , which make it useful for people from a variety of faith tradition .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the best soap opera magazine that I have see . a must-have for soap lover like I ! : -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I really do not know . this be a gift renewal so it have not begin . Blah , blah , blah blah blh blah blah blah ...
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Chloe be far from geeky , she be Hollywood 's best keep secret . the sexy sultry 27 year old woman have make straight woman all over America turn they head in amazement , well at least , for I . she be the only actress in the business who do not feel the need to show off she perfectly shaped butt ... and for that I look up to she . I would love to see this hip indie actress hit the mainstream ; she need to teach Hollywood a thing or two on how to be real and not so superficial . she attitude will light up the screen and I can not wait to see it . kudos to Chloe !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	... and that be only if you hate the cat . the tired , saggy voice of tired , saggy northeastern liberalism that have absolutely nothing to SAY to anyone who be not part of tired , saggy , New York literary-lit-crit circle -lrb- or people with pretension or desire of belong thereto -rrb- . whatever Harper 's once be , it be not any more -- it be just sad , sorry garbage , the New Yorker without the cartoon . read the New Criterion instead .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	ok it be hard to knock National Geographic , because it be essentially in a league of it be own as it cover environment , geography , culture , etc. . however after 15 year of subscription it be time to move on . the magazine have become very americanized . and the recent overindulgence in 911 and Iraq be a real turn off . it be a big world out there , surely there be more happen . the magazine typically also have a lot of editorial banter in it be article , rather than relate information . anyhow the search for a alternative lead I to the british CNN Traveler magazine to which I be now subscribe . a little more worldly with a diminish american perspective . Geo be also a good magazine , though not available in english . geographical magazine do not quite pique my interest . I still may buy a occasional National Geographic if I see a good issue on the magazine rack .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine . it have all kind of stuff , like what be up with only the best tv , movie and music star , behind the scene look on what star be in , beauty tip , and `` Yikes ! totally embarrassing moment '' where reader send in totally embarrassing stuff that be happen to they . in every `` yike ! '' there be a guy 's story . there be also a `` do ya Know ? '' thing . and `` Celeb Yikes ! '' there be horoscope , the J-14 Love Chart , Celeb Columnist , you ask , song lyric , before they be Stars , it really happen ! , win Looks , Cool Comebacks , Fashion , Music , tv , movie , win it ! , and J-14 last word . I would say this be just for girl and a totally awesome magazine !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	know what be present on we plant from geography to nature as it currently exist . when nature change , you 'll have a perspective on the devastation that be occur , from climate change to evolutionary new discovery .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the magazine be among the best out there , with article and exercise for all level . the subscription department however push the website and regardless of who I write my issue remain unresolved . it be sad such a great mag bring down by one department . I will continue to pickup the occasional newstand copy , but be tire of try to resolve my renewal issue to a unresponsive magazine . why they think I want to spend my spare time on the computer instead practice the guitar be beyond I .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love it and pass it on to my parent who pass it on to my brother - in - law who give it to my sister to take to school .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order it as a birthday gift for a 11 year old boy , he love it ! it be great for child \/ adult interested in history and geograhy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	I have be a subscriber to National Geographic since mid 1990 when I be back in Iran . I remember receive this good magazine with picture be marked or censor by postal authority in islamic Iran yet I love it . however , this magazine have really lose its once proud tradition of present fair and true scientific contents and have replace it with some liberal agenda drive stuff like promote nonsense like global warming , world peace and get anti-u . s rhetoric\/politics involve when write about other nation like they past issue that be dedicate to Iran . all in all , this magazine be good in term of first rate photography . 3\/5
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	it be great that you guy can write all of that stuff , but some of the picture be a little bit pg-13 rate -lrb- and some rate r -rrb- so try to keep it down on the article like : Briney be make Love in Bed , and Jessica have a sexy boyfriend that make a BIG move too early - Wanna see Jess ' Wild Night ? I mean , give it a rest ! you do not need to post this one , just read it please !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great magazine , order via Amazon.com with no shipping issue . Magazine arrive within 4 week . extremely fair price . the only downside would be the numerous amount of additional purchase item card inside the magazine . . but every magazine 's get they .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	what else can you say about this magazine . it look good , great article , fab photo and the bonus ... make ya look real high-brow when people see it on you table .  never a dissapointment !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it let I travel the world and learn about place and people that I will never see . always seem to be factual .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be fun and serve as great eye candy , but my partner be a architect and prefer more industry-oriented publication . perhaps the shopping consumer 's version of architecture , style and design .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	while I do enjoy the article that be in this magazine -lrb- they be always well do , professional , and cover a variety of issue -rrb- , I feel that there be not enough material in the magazine to warrant the cost of approximately $ 4 per issue . the magazine be very thin and only come out 6 time a year . I feel that that they need to either bulk up the magazine or offer it more frequently if they want to continue to charge the same amount . it be unlikely that I will renew my subscription and this be almost exclusively due to the cost .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	what can I say . . it be National Geographic . great stuff & it be process much faster than normal magazine subscription ,
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband love this magazine and read it cover to cover then be send to my son who do the same
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a awesome magazine , and I would not hesitate get a subscription , but I would not get it here . if you go to National Geographic 's website and click on the ` subscribe ' link , you can get it for only $ 15 for 12 issue . plus , you do not have to deal with a third party distributor if you order direct from the source .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I buy it for my wife and she seem to like it though I be not sure whether or not she read through all the text may be she just focus on the picture to get a idea of current fashion trend to give she some guidance in shopping .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it be enough to say that I love the magazine and that it live up to more than the expectation I have . a wealth of info !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I intend to call and complain ! I should have receive the July issue and yet , I be send the May issue on June 21st as my 1st issue . I can not believe they get away with such a insult . hopefully , it will not be too involve to get they to make it right !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a nice , informative publication . but remember Kiplinger 's renewal rate be $ 29.95 . there new rate be $ 39.95 . FYI , FYI
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be insipid and even worse it just keep come . I order a one year subscription and it have be arrive like clockwork for year . apparently once they have you credit card number they renew it without permission . the `` free gift '' with the subscription should have be a warning of how sophisticated Vogue actually be . the tote arrive , dirty and wad up in a much too small plastic bag . I throw it out ... now to get off the Vogue hook as well .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's be simply the best magazine around -- thoughtful , critical , vary , insightful , challenging . it refuse to bow down and to pretend that the emperor be not naked , and yet it do not have a shrill or grating tone . in a world go mad , it be the voice of reason and sanity , liberal in the finest and most liberating sense of the word . it be the only magazine I give as gift -- as of 2008 , to seven different people , who have all come to love it , and to look forward to it , as much as I do .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	j-14 have once again go into the realm of be yet another trashy tweenager magazine which we only buy for the cheap poster . this magazine have really boring article , cheap poster , cheesy quiz , and a cover which look like somebody throw a bunch of picture of teen star onto a piece of paper . the article be insanely boring and mainly cover stuff that we do not care about . `` Miley Cyrus have a allowence ! '' , `` OMG Ashley Tisdale like chocolate chip cookie '' . who really care about this stuff ? I want to hear story about tween star admit they be pregnant , or have cheat on they boyfriend . real article rather than cheap story ! the main reason the article be this bad be either a -rrb- they do not want to let the kiddie reader about the REAL life of celebrity , b -rrb- the reporter of these magazine have no idea how to get real gossip out of a celebrity . plus the article be soo short and the magazine be 80 % poster . the poster be also very cheap and they be soo bright that they be kinda eye sore . they pose no real value and make the celebrity look like 10 year old . then there be the quiz . the quiz be nothing more than stuff like `` what type of flirt be you '' , and `` be you a good friend ? '' . the cover I think be almost the worst part . it have no structure and it be basicaly a mixture of photo , bright color , and misleading headline . for example : a issue could read `` Miley spill major secret '' and she secret be `` she have Solja boy on she ipod '' . they make we think we be get a real good story , but it always turn out to be something we do not care about . J-14 magazine truelly be terrible and if you want a good magazine go read seventeen , Vogue , or something that be artice be not `` Selena Gomez have 32 Veera Bradley purse ! ''
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I receive Dec. . Jan , & Feb. at the same time . I do not want back issue as I have buy they at the book store . I be tell I would receive my first copy in Feb. so I plan accordingly and have already purchase the Dec. & Jan. copy . not happy with receive back copy .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I have always be please with the depth and coverage of Kiplinger magazine and report . however , this time I be a little disappointed . the Retirement Report cost significantly more than the magazine but do not seem to give I a appropriate value . true , be that I have only review one issue and they may have have the summer doldrums , so before you put you money down look for a issue you can study to see if it cover what you want it to ... unfortunately I do not take my own advice ... shame on I .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy the subscription in June 2010 and have not receive any magazine so far . I send couple of email ask for status and get no response . I be very disappointed about this purchase . save you money , look else for National Geographic subscription .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you can not beat this price . I feel guilty because I love National Geographic and certainly get my money 's worth , but I still love get my subscription on sale . this be the only magazine we buy and keep . it come in handy for school assignment and for Sunday school lesson .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I could not find a lower price for a annual subscription of National Geographic than that offer by Amazon.com . the first issue of the magazine arrive seven week after I place my order .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	here be a quick breakdown :  1 . Harpers will feed you need for the trivial . the index be a fascinating collection of fact and figure , and the front-of-book section be probably one of the most quirky , laugh-out-loud funny and stimulating in the business .  2 . great fiction . some up-and-comer submit , along with some old pro -lrb- a recent story by Joyce Carol Oates be outstanding -rrb-  3 . great feature . some great topic , albeit a lot of environmental stuff , it be still well-rounded and well-informed . great one I have read recently include a look at maid , suv , education reform and more .  I can see why people might not like this magazine because it appear to be `` uppity . '' in fact , the only thing that annoy I about this magazine be the letter to the editor , where all of the ivy-league intellectual write in and try to prove how smart they be . but I think the appeal be more widespread than that . and you 'll be pay less than a dollar a issue -- you 'll definitely get you money 's worth .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	when I order the magazine it say it would take about 4-6 week to arrive , but come much sooner then that .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Scholastic Parent & Child be a good magazine that strive to educate parent on specific issue regard the raising of they child . this publication aim to offer advice and suggestion on way to teach you child better , deal with crisis , etc. , as you raise you child from birth through the early teenage year . Scholastic Parent & Child help parent with child issue for youngster and its advice cover child from infant through approximately twelve year of age . the material contain within this magazine cover a multitude of topic and one of the nice quality be that the article be very up to date . this publication seek out the latest research , the newest methodology , etc. and apply it to the advice in each issue . Scholastic Parent and Child want concerned parent to have the best information from the most reputable source , in order to make the best decision possible for you family , so its writer work hard to make sure they include the latest finding . another nice quality with Scholastic Parent and Child be that the article be not aim solely at child . often , parent have concern of they own , such as balancing work and home , change career , seek reprieve from the challenge of parenthood , etc. . because of this , the magazine strive to include article aim at adult among its many department and section . yes , there be usually a family theme behind these article , but it be still nice that the magazine realize the importance of have a healthy adult to raise a happy , healthy child . . parenting magazine serve a important purpose and Scholastic Parent & Child be a very good publication about raise kid , educate , deal with crisis , and have fun . this magazine cover a wide range of topic and while I would like it better if it offer more frequent publication and a few more page in each issue , it be still a very good magazine for family with child age twelve and under .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	its be a month , and I do not think magazine subscription get start in that time . need to wait for a few more week to evaluate .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	Harper 's seem to go back and forth between feature article with fairly decent critical thought , and shock-value wackiness -lrb- they famous index be a great example -rrb- . I subscribe to this for two year , let it lapse , and think about resubscribe occasionally . Works as a fun suppliment to other magazine -lrb- Atlantic , New Yorker -rrb- .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I can not understand why this be still list to sell here . I order this as a gift to my son before the holiday . they make it clear I would not receive until February and that be fine . but a day ago -lrb- January 20 -rrb- , Amazon email I to tell I my money have be refund . I write to they to ask why . someone call I from Amazon -lrb- that be a good thing that they follow up -rrb- , but she could not give a clear explanation for why it be cancel -- something to do with the seller have too many or not enough or ??? but if this be the case , why be this still be offer ? I be tempt to try order again to see what happen , but if this mean my son do not get he subscription , or we go through this again ?? and , again they warn it will take 6 week . this would not bother I so much if this be not still here advertise to sell .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love this magazine ! we have have a subscription to this magazine for a couple of year now and just renew ! we use to pick they up locally one by one , we decide that we love the educational value of the magazine and we child could use the magazine for they study . that be when we decide it be worth pay for a subscription to the magazine . this information offer so much information and we can turn the T.V. off and read and learn through other method such as National Geographic which officer world wide educational information . the photography be very beautiful and also educational . this magazine be very valuable to we family and worth the return on we investment -lrb- subscription to the magazine -rrb- . we gain so much knowledge from this magazine and for we household , we will pay more for knowledge than material thing -lrb- car , house , brand name clothes etc -rrb- . . we child love the photography and it allow we to use this educational magazine as a means to teach we child to gain information , news , knowledge , etc from other source other than the T.V. . this magazine expose we child to article and other information that they may have not be expose to through school or we community . we child can use they imagination and go far away without leave we home . you will find the subject matter , photography , and write very interesting and informative . this magazine be one that will give back to you . . we only subscribe to National Geographic and one other magazine . we only subscribe to the best ! this magazine will enrich you household and take you place you could never imagine ! well back to ng ! make for great family discussion ! -lrb- Family Time -rrb- clean magazine for the whole family !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the ng still have what it take to show we so many part of the world and its going on that most of we will never get to experience for ourselves and do it in such a wonderful way . the photo be always top notch and the information be very enrich so much so that it make you dream of all of the exotic place they have be and wish you could be there too .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love j-14 . I just wish it talk about normal girl more than pop star and stuff . -lrb- Boys read this zine too -rrb-
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I subscribe in 2009 - get two issue , then nothing since the October\/November issue ... I inquire with customer service and get this reply : `` we have extend you account for the December\/January 2010 issue not receive . we have experience some significant production delay which have impact we publishing schedule . the February , March and April issue will be mail shortly . we apologize for the delay . '' it seem almost pointless to subscribe ... which be terrible because I love this magazine . .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	read the headliner for this review , as well as the other 1-star review . I be go back to my revolver and game informer . bye .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I get this every year for my son at christmas . he be 29 and love the magazine .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	just a great magazine . I usually read it cover to cover as soon as I get it . this rank up there with Fortune and Inc for people who want to make money and run they own business .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order National Geographic and Smisthsonian for myself and 7 other people for christmas gift ... NOT one person be notify that THERE be to receive these magazine ... I have 8 PEOPLE who have no idea that I send GIFT subscription . AMAZON WO not take responsibility ... pass it on to THEIR MAGAZINE SERVICE who also wo not take responsibility . AMAZON say I COULD HAVE print a card and mail it myself ... what happen to INTERNET CONVIENECE . ICOMPLAINED to AMAZON and all I get WAS SOMEONE in the phillipine who be WORTHLESS .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this mag be da bomb ! i buy it at first just because christina aguilera be in a article in it . i keep buy it month after because i just could not stop read it , plus its get ton of pic ! i be cover my wall in celebrity pic and this come in handy ; -rrb- but there like gossip , interview , and funy cartoon pic of artist , and like just everything you can imagine . the only thing i didnt quite like be how there be poster every single time of britney , nsync , and BSB , i mean there be so many more artistsout there !! butif you love music -lrb- its mostly a pop mag -rrb- then this definitly be the mag for you !
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	... I find myself read the review of Analog only to find a review by none other than Robert Sawyer , whose current serialize novellum in Analog be the first thing I have ever read in Analog that have make I want to throw a issue away . Great magazine , except for when Sawyer be in it .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I read a lot of this magazine , and I like the format and article they write about . the poster be really cool , and the news be cool , and , well , everything be cool ! it be a good magazine all around , and I think it be way better than m.
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the only good thing about this magazine be its title ` entrepreneur ' . it be a entice title and sound promising to new and aspiring entrepreneur . but once you have read a couple of issue you know it be place be in the trash bin . the internet be a treasure house of informative and inspirational stuff , this magazine be like a ad book with useless or redundant information . it be a utterly disappointing magazine for what it claim .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	in my humble opinion National Geographic be just a shadow of the once great magazine it once be . I have the unfortunate experience of deal with the ng staff try to turn off the repetitive and persistent renewal notice and encounter a bunch of bureaucratic moron . it be a shame there be no longer integrity in the management of the the magazine . remember , you ask .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	always look forward to a copy of Dwell magazine . the strip down aesthetic be a refreshing antidote to the world as-it-is at large . I be usually remind that live in this world need not be the complicated and messy experience that the lack of thoughtful design usually produce . and this inspire I to live with courage and conviction in that part of the world within my control .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	natl geographic never disappoint . i usually read it all the way through . the only complaint be i wish it have more article !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a very good magazine , I have be get it since 1988 and have improve 100 % since the early day of this publication ! well write , great picture of food ! they travel all around the world bring new and exciting food 's that we do not have here in America ! you will be very pleased !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	fantastic for yourself and a amazing gift . can not go wrong with National Geographic . we grow up look at the photo with my mom and dad when we be little . the article and information help we write report and papers before the " internet age " . I love have this magazine in we house and share they with friend and family . its a great gift for everyone and anyone .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	full of past present and future history not say that every issue will have all of this all at once . with some of the magazine it give you a map of the town , state , country . national geographic know how to make a magazine . always full of true event that happen what be happen and what could happen . great for the whole family to read .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this product on 02\/06\/07 . today be 03\/09\/07 - more than a month . I have not receive this product . how can you even ask I to rate this . and HOW LONG DOES IT FREAKIN take to START A MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTION ?
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Disclaimer up front : I have have three novel serialize in analog -lrb- nebula winner the terminal experiment ; Hugo and Nebula nominee starplex ; and the just-completed hominid -rrb- . but I be also a long-time reader of the magazine -lrb- 28 year now -rrb- , and I love it . the fiction be real sf -- story in which the science be accurate and the speculation credible . but I also love the editorial by Stanley Schmidt ; the `` alternate View '' column by Jeff Kooistra and John Cramer -lrb- some of the best science write available anywhere these day -rrb- , the spirited letters-to-the-editor section , and Tom Easton 's book review . this be the number-one bestselling science-fiction magazine in the world , and justly so .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you love fashion , you need to get Vogue . Vogue will familiarize you with designer , classic style and the fancy-schmancy side of fashion that most other magazine will not get as deep into . however , most of what be in Vogue be way out of the average person 's reach . I , for one , could very likely not afford one thing that have ever be in a single copy of Vogue . however , for whatever reason , the Vogue empire continue to publish this fashion tome and sell the sub for a very low price -lrb- usually $ 12 for 12 issue -rrb- . now that I can afford . it be a unbeatable deal . will you glean anything from it ? yes . you will see how the other side life and you will see some really wonderful photography and fashion at its best . be it practical ? not really but it be fun and well worth the very low price .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	order over 8 week ago and magazine subscription be not here yet ... . . Dont do it if you not willing to wait ... very slow
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	difficult to find present for 15 year old girl and I think this will be a hit . if so I have another who would love to read about she favorite star . I plan on purchase more magazine through Amazon in the future .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the best of the intellectual and , why not , the absurd . entertaining , thought-provoking . Worth every dime .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I order a subscription to National Geographic after read through a recent copy at a doctor 's appointment . I do not read through the magazine cover to cover , but there be more than enough interesting content to keep I look forward to the next issue . I would give the magazine itself a 5 star . however , after receive a current issue as expect , I receive three back issue . when I check the end date of my subscription through the National Geographic website , it show as three month earlier than the subscription end date accord to Amazon . in other word , they be dump three back issue on I in one month and count that toward my 12 month subscription . I guess I still get the 12 issue I pay for , but I want 12 month of worthwhile reading , not a month of more than I can get through follow by 9 month of a great magazine . I be able to call and get the end date fix , but I be sure a lot of people do not bother or notice until magazine stop show up before they should have . overall , it be a great magazine , just make sure you be get what you pay for .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I renew my husband 's subscription to Asimov 's and Analog every year for the holiday . he love it and read they all voraciously when they arrive . Perfect gift for any scifus reader !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Vogue use to be my favorite fashion mag out there , but today the advertisement be simply ridiculous . I think the ad to editorial ratio must by 90:10 . it still have wonderful fashion tip , but the ad be become burdonsome . in style have replace Vogue as my # 1 fashion mag , but I 'll always be a Vogue reader .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Vogue have be the top fashion magazine for decade . if you want to know upcoming fashion design from the world 's greatest designer , you will want to read Vogue . always a thick , lushly photographed production , you always get more than you money 's worth subscribe to Vogue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	most guitar magazine be about mainly equipment and to a lesser extent , the thrash\/metal\/punk \/ whatever hero of the moment . `` Acoustic Guitar '' be different . it do talk about equipment , sure , but the primary focus have always be the music and the artist .  I have a couple year ' worth of `` Acoustic Guitar '' on my bookshelf , unlike another popular magazine that get read and toss or give away . I do not save every issue , but I save a lot , as there be so much timeless information and good music to be find . in the few issue withe arm 's reach I see a story on the music of `` O Brother where be Thou ? '' with a arrangment of `` man of constant sorrow '' . here be a article on jazz manouche and Django Reinhardt , with a tutorial write by John Jorgenson . another issue spotlight the then-new MTV Unplugged phenomenon , and have a transcription of Clapton 's unplugged `` Layla '' .  Issues have cover contemporary singer-songwriter , cuban `` Son '' music , african music , 1920s american jazz guitarist ... just about anything that can be play on a guitar . Evry issue be a surprise , and even if it do not have one of you favorite it 'll have something you 'll find interesting and useful .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	always have love geographic and hope it will be welcome as a holiday gift . you never know with magazine subscription , but Geographic be a case of its own .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	not for the interview . vogue be about fashion . I read it to stay up with what be what .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be helpful for cope with diabetes . New treatment , medication , and diabetic product be report on and rate . I especially like motivational type article that help get I off my duff and get move . recipe be also include ; many of which be simple and delicious . it be a bright and diabetic savvy magazine that can be helpful to anyone with diabetes .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	first , let I say that I love get my magazine from amazon . they be easy and cheapter and there be no constant mail beg to renew at a -lrb- higher -rrb- rate . that say , I get Elle and Bazaar -lrb- $ 10 each -rrb- but forget Vogue . it use to be good-model , clothes , fashion , cut edge-and I subscribe for year . now it be celeb fluff or -lrb- the worst -rrb- some socialite with too much money complain about how she ballgown will not fit in she closet and that she pick the kid up from school and not the nanny . honestly , I be all about Carine Roitfeld and blame Anna Wintour . Roitfeld have style and Wintour lose it year ago . I miss the old Vogue but can not reltate to this crap . when I like the ad better than the article , there be a problem . so I stick with bazaar , which have better fashion coverage , and Elle , which have article that be interesting and I can relate to and scrap Vogue .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love the Weekly Standard . it be a great magazine . I love it and it be highly recommend .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I understand this may not reflect a true cowboy lifestyle and show a more upscale style of living , BUT ... this magazine be gorgeous . the home , fashion , art , and even the ad be so eye-catching , I can overlook what the other reviewer see as shortcoming . the ad be relevant to they reader and be item you want to investigate further . the article be well write and accompany by the best in magazine photography . I enjoy every issue I have get hold of , so much so I plan to subscribe .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	have some of the best article and wonderful photography . kid really enjoy it as well as adult and can use in school project . some the article amazingly seem to coordinate with current literature -lrb- eg . beyond the beautiful forever and article on child bride of the middle east -rrb- we have be get this magazine for many year ! and my husband and I read every word .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEU	3	this be a ok magazine but its nothing different from the other `` teenybopper '' stuff on the market . it be strickly celebrity and there be no actual real article like fiction , real life story , etc. -lrb- if you want a mag like that I suggest you check out girl ' life . -rrb- also , I would not believe all the celeb colum because most of it be just gossip . but its fun bubblegum fluff and a entertaining read for a long car ride . the definate plus be that it have ton of glossy , colorful pic of star . if you into the latest in music , movie , tv , actor , actress , etc and you between the age of 8 and 15 I recommen this to you .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy this subscription for my niece . she only ever receive a few copy of the magazine . despite my repeat complaint and contact to the publisher , I never receive any direct correspondence from they explain what be happen or provide customer care . to this day i have not receive any refund of any kind . buy it at you risk !
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be a really good source of winemaking tip for the home winemaker . throughout the year , this magazine provide a very solid set of article that cover a wide variety of topic . the article be write at a level appropriate for the non-chemistry major in college who be interested in make wine . every edition of the magazine seem to include at least one article by a commercial winemaker -- and there seem to be additional brief tip often contribute by other winemaker as well .  like any magazine , some of the article be less useful but , on the whole , this magazine be solidly recommend if you be either a aspiring winemaker or even someone who already have the home winemake bug . for what it be worth , this magazine also complement `` from vine to wine '' by Jeff Cox which be a good , single source book for home winemaking .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I still have not receive the magazine . I order it back in early September , and be hope to have get a issue by now .
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harpers be a publication all its own . with deep analysis and a bravado willing to stray from the pack , they be able to make I consider new perspective and bolster one I hold in which I feel all alone . truly the single best current affair publication .
Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i agree i be ready to order for a friend & myself until i see they put you life in anyone hand that want it why would i do that to a friend oh well @ least they tell you upfront
Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great magazine . you have to read something like this one . not only for improve you knowledge , but also for a better life to feel and search .
