Domain	Label	Rating	Review
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have own two of these rice cooker by aroma . while they work , I really like they . I like be able to cook rice ahead of time , and then hold it as I get the rest of the dinner ready . the first one of these stop work after 3 month . the second last 1 month . this model be not very expensive as rice cooker go , so I do not try to contact the manufacturer base on other people 's experience with that , just not worth the hassle . but you can bet I 'll be buy a different brand next time !
RiceCooker	POS	5	the cooker work rather well . I think because it be so cheap that it might not work well . it do the job and it be easy clean up because the lid and the rice pan come right off . some cooker have the lid attach and they be more difficult to clean .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have use this rice cooker for 2 year now . it be a good product except for the follow fault it do not have a transparent lid and can not see how the rice be cooking -lrb- not that it be a must but be good to have -rrb- starchy rice like Jasmine rice and extra long grain rice produce a whitish frothy residue which be difficult to clean off . it stick to the lid and the rim of the base . I kind of use a toothpick to remove it from the hard to reach area . I give it four star because of the above .
RiceCooker	POS	5	several year ago , I own a large Zojirushi rice cooker , and it be a fine product . more recently , I buy the low-end model of Zojirushi rice cooker and vegetable steamer , and it work wonderfully for a cooker in its price range . I leave that model with a friend who be host a asian exchange student , and she use it to provide she guest with the same quality cook rice he be use to at home . I need a first-rate rice cooker , and again go with Zojirushi . I have now cook white rice , brown rice and make porridge , and I love this machine ! as always , two point : First , measure precisely . second , use the best rice you can afford to buy -- new crop rice from my local asian supermarket work particularly well . do these two thing , and you will have consistently excellent rice every time . I expect to get year of service out of this little cooker ; it perform as well as its big brother -lrb- at a much lower price -rrb- and take up about the same counter space as a toaster . altogether , a excellent deal !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	burn out in 5 day . will try to replace be ! beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be the perfect size for two people or for a small family . it will cook up to three pound of rice with no fuss at all . great product . I like be able to steam the veggy too !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	from the very first time I use the aroma rice cooker , the switch for `` cook '' would move to the `` warm '' position within the first minute of cooking . I would catch it and push it back to `` cook '' . after about 5 use the switch completely break and I could not set it to anything . I have to say that if I do not have this problem I would have keep the cooker because the rice come out great and we enjoy it . I return it to Amazon and actually order the same one again . I guess my thinking be what would be the odds of get another one like that . well I guess I get the jackpot because the new one also have the same switch problem . I say , `` enough be enough '' and pick a Sanyo rice cooker . I do see in the review that someone else have the same problem with they aroma rice cooker , just think it be one-of-a-kind issue , guess not !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	- work ok but require too much clean up . there be a lot of spill even when cook only 1\/2 cup - totally break down after less than 2 week . no power whatsoever when plug it in . - i be go for another brand and never go to trust black and decker again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best buy I have ever make from Amazon ... and I have make quite a few now . I absolutely love this machine and use it everyday for cooking just about every meal from Oatmeal in the morning to Pot Roast in the evening . I use every feature and have even make up way of use this machine that be not specify . I have make great Tofu , Hard Boiled Eggs , Rice , preserve , Soups & Stews and so much more . a great machine at a great buy ... you wont regret it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	Effective & inexpensive rice cooker . prepare softer grain rice -lrb- Thai Jasmine -rrb- to perfection . Black , brown , & red variety use more water & take longer to cook . spray a small amount of oil in the bottom of the removable , aluminum pot to help prevent sticking . Automatic thermostat switch to warm when do , keep rice warm for hour .
RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent . cook 3-1\/2 cup very well . sleek design look great permanently on the counter . bread-baking function be easy to use and decent . do not get it as it will not kill two bird with one stone . it make rice for 3 and bread adequately , you need a larger cooker for more than three and just about any bread maker -lrb- only bread -rrb- will blow its door off . it have a really heavy bowl that be easy to clean . price be a little high , $ 60 feel right .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have not encounter any problem with this cooker , I have be use it for a few month now and it work great ! very durable , quick to cook and very thorough .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be really a good rice cooker with multiple function . I have be use it for about two year without any problem . but recently , I find small spot start to peel off from the inner pod . so I have to stop use it . I try to find a replacement pod . but I be tell that the inner pod be discontinue . it be really disappointed . they still sell the rice cooker online . but no where to order the inner pod .
RiceCooker	POS	5	get tire of eat minute rice , decide to give this a try since I could not only make some jasmine rice , but also steam some vegee 's ... have only have this maybe a month , but have use it so much it just sit on top of the fridge ... see some steelcut oatmeal in the cabinet & make enough for 3 day , so much easier than cooking on the stovetop ... so easy to clean ... I could see why it would be great for college student ... have to try it out for maybe keep gravy warm next thanksgiving ... maybe steam some hotdog , put the bun in the steamer tray for maybe a minute ... hope it last a long time , if not at this price I would not hesitate to buy another , just order one for my niece .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Got this as a wedding gift and have use it twice so far -lrb- for rice -rrb- . the rice have come out great both time ! I be use to make -lrb- and screw up -rrb- rice in those traditional glass-lid cooker . obviously , I do not have a talent for the skill . this cooker do the job just right . I be look forward to make bread with it as well , so that 'll be the next project for the wifey . my only complaint be that they do not make one of these in a larger capacity -lrb- i.e. 5 cup + -rrb- ! this be a pretty premature review consider we have only use the cooker twice so far , so hopefully it do not go die on we ! \* knock on wood \*
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker . I be a bread baker by nature and be interested with the double function . I could not tell you how excited I be when I open up my first batch of rice and it come out perfect . it be easy to use , easy to clean and take up so little room . I even like the retractable cord . a great buy !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this have be a huge disappointment . Food stick to the pot ; it be a waste and more work to clean up . it ask you to stir after 15 minute , but I be resist because not require any interference be what I love about rice maker , and I think my other rice maker explicitly forbid any stir . also , the rice be not come out the consistency I like , too wet on top and too stuck-to-the-pan on the bottom . my last rice maker be the same brand , inexpensive , and look just like this but larger and it have a great nonstick pot , make great rice and other steamed food from day one , even when cooking small amount . I love the crunchy rice at the bottom and aim for it , and it always slide right out . with this pot , there be scrape , and even though the pot be smaller , when I be make a small portion it feel like a lot be waste stick to ... go for a non-stick , no-stirring-required rice maker . non-nonstick one be a bear to clean up and hardly any cheaper . do not buy too small a capacity if you have the counterspace ; I think 5 cup be too small for I , give my bigger one could make very small portion , and steam larger thing like tamale , bao , broccoli , while this there be the waste food stickage .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker work fine , the trick be 1 -rrb- rinse you rice , 2 -rrb- do not use the lid and it will not overflow . also , I use a electric kettle to boil the water first , then pour the already-hot water into the cooker with the rice , this will save some time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use the same simple on\/off rice cooker -lrb- purchase for about $ 25.00 -rrb- for year . it make cooking rice easy but it be time to replace it . I debate quite a bit on spending over $ 100 for this particular rice cooker ... could it really be that much better ? I think I would give it a try ... I have to say , I be so glad I do . this little gem cook rice perfectly . I always though my old rice cooker do a good job -lrb- despite the bit of burnt rice on the bottom of the pot -rrb- , but i really have no idea that rice could come out like this ! this cooker have make I a rice fanatic . brown rice be amazingly soft and tasty , and I have be try different type of white rice as well . the best part be that you can use this like a crockpot . you can really cook some great dish right in the cooker . put the ingredient hour before dinner , set the timer and come home to a perfectly cook rice meal . my kid have become huge fan of the porridge . a mix of oatmeal and cook rice with a hint of cinnamon and sugar make for a healthy , hearty breakfast that my family can not get enough of . I debate between the 3 cup and the 5 1\/2 cup , but since the 5 1\/2 cup be only a few dollar more I go with that and I be glad I do . I do not think the 3 cup would have be enough - especially since I be use it to cook meal . if you be in the market for a rice cooker , take a serious look at this . it be not just a rice cooker - be sure to get a rice cooker cookbook to compliment it though - the recipe that come with the machine be not that exciting .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this say 3 cup on the box , but inside it be a tiny 1.5 cup rice cooker ! I now have to go through the hassle of return it . completely useless . belong to a kid 's play kitchen !
RiceCooker	POS	4	first it be a good rice cooker , not expensive , do what it be suppose to do , and quicker than another rice cooker we have . second it work also as a `` slow cooker '' in my home , and we be satisfy so far . third , I like its transparent glass lid , easy to see through . so , recommend , esp . consider its relatively lower price tag .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I pick the Sanyo ecj-hc55 base on the positive review on Amazon and because it come with a second bowl and lid . if you be look to use you rice cooker for more than just make rice , I strongly recommend this model , which cost about $ 10 more than the model with a single bowl . the second bowl allow you to make flavored rice dish , without leave any flavor behind to flavor you plain rice . both pot be very heavy , allow for very even cooking and no burning . cleanup be also very easy , due to the very effective , non-stick coating and the easily removable lid . as with most rice cooker in this category and price point , it do a excellent job on rice . measure you rice with the include cup , give it a rinse , add water to the measure inside the `` rice '' bowl , select the appropriate program -lrb- white rice in regular , firm , and soft , brown rice , sushi rice , porridge , etc -rrb- and you be reward with perfect rice in about a hour . there be also a nice countdown timer for the last 10 minute . once the rice finish and move to the `` keep warm '' setting , you rice stay great for hour , nice and moist with perfect temperature . so far we have use this cooker for white and brown rice , as well as jambalaya , paellum , lemon rice and rice and sausage . you can saute vegetable right in the cooker , before add the rice , to make complete meal right in the cooker . just use the `` Quick Cook '' program to heat the cooker up immediately , saute you veggy , then add rice and liquid and reset to a normal program -lrb- white or brown rice -rrb- and the cooker do the rest .
RiceCooker	POS	5	when my daughter take my Zojirushi rice cooker away to college I be hesitant to replace it with anything less than another Zojirushi . I have be pleasantly surprise to find the I now prefer my Sanyo cooker more than the Zojirushi . it clean up easier and have a much thicker cooking pan . Rice come out perfect every time .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy a new one at target and after use it for 3 time , the button can not be push down . and sometimes it can be push down , but it will automaticlly jump up but the rice still not well cook . probably other be good , but mine be definitely can not work now , only 5 month .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this rice cooker on 23rd Jan. , 2012 and it be deliver to my house on 25th Jan. , 2012 . I use it every day accord to the instruction , it work okay . however , on 12th Feb. when I cook with it again , it work normally at first . ten minute later , I smell something burning and the indicator light go out . I count the date and find this cooker work for only 18 day , which sound like a joke . I would suggest pay more and gete a better quality one .  Black & Decker RC3303 3-Cup Rice Cooker
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be great !! we use it at least twice every day and it make perfect rice every single time . whole family love it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be the best appliance I have I have have many rice cooker and this 1 do the job perfectly you can not go wrong with this 1 buy it now !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work for I for 4 month and it be great . for 13.00 , I do not expect a whole lot . but I do expect it to work and last at least a year . nope . it die on I today . it will not light up or heat up . not impressed .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	it be only be two week since I buy it but it be already not work ! the life span be so short !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have search for a rice cooker for a very long time . I do in fact buy a cheaper model at wal mart , a very well known brand that have great review . however I know right off it make lousy rice . I do want one make in Japan not China . however I do choose this Sanyo . I be very happy with the outcome . I do not make a lot rice . I be single retired & live alone . I do have back issue & stand at the stove to watchpot be not something I can do or want to do . this rice cooker cook all kind of rice to perfection . I also have make one pot meal with add chicken breast & some spice , from the little cookbook that come with . it be very good as well . I make a shrimp meal to . I like the very sturdy inner bowl . the whole unit be sturdy while be lightweight . be small but large enough for plenty of rice . its very easy to use . the button be nice a big & you can see they very well . I do wish the buzzer where louder tho . its very low & you can t barely hear it . still have to watch the clock & set a timer I can hear . it do finish when the book say it do . right on the dot . I do not use the warmer . I take out the rice when finish . I do not intend to use it for bread making . I have a breadmachine . I be very happy with this Sanyo rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	so , far , this be a great cooker ! I can do rice , quinoa , and even dry bean ! I have not try bread yet , but the manual say I can make it , too ! it be very useful . it be a great mid-range model , and a good size for a 2-person household .
RiceCooker	POS	5	cook rice -lrb- usually indian basmatus -rrb- perfectly , and steam veggy at the same time . very happy with it . no problem so far with rice sticking to bottom .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I also look at way too many rice cooker before I decide on this one - mainly because it be red . well guess what , it rock . Perfect rice , everytime !!! it do not even make a mess . I be shock . I have have other rice maker where it make that steamy white mess all over the couter top , and this do not at all !! and its fast . have not use the steamer tray yet , but i be sure its great . this be the rice maker to buy , enough say .
RiceCooker	POS	5	cook the best rice than ever ! very small and do the job for a sweet couple for they 1st anniversary !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I recently buy this rice cooker but return it co it be very small than expect . the product info say it be a 3 cup rice cooker but please be aware that it be 3 cup of cook rice , or 1.5 cup of uncooked rice . most of the rice cooker in the market I have see describe they rice cooker in cup in term of uncooked rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this primarily to make hot oatmeal use the timer feature so it be ready first thing in the A.M. . it work great for that . oh , and it also make rice ! I have a large rice cooker already , but find I really need one suit to smaller batch most of the time and this be perfect .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be good quality . I use it daily for my lunch and find it very convenient to use and to clean . however , the size be relatively small . if you be interested in buy a rice cooker to cook for a family of any more that two people or for any more than one meal , you should consider buy a rice cooker that be a little larger than this one . other than that , I totally recommend it for the price and the quality !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I really can not believe how great he work or that I wait so long to purchase a rice cooker . I have have the pot for about two month now and use about 8 time . not one mishap . no boil out of unit or sputtering , no sticking or burn whatsoever ! I do always rinse the rice before cooking . if you be look for something that will also steam veggy this probably be not the cooker for you . but if you simply want great rice this be a beauty . the price be great too . do not take up much room on the counter and be attractive . as always , great shipping too . thanks Amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent quality . ample size . great rice cooker ! no bell & whistle , just the basics in a excellent quality machine .
RiceCooker	POS	5	replace a aging rice cooker , I look at everything I could . this be the heavyweight champion . the heavy-gauge bowl - two of they - and the well design , secure detachable inner lid show the quality of this device . those be the feature that sell I , and I be not disappoint . -lrb- also have a neato self-swallowing cord ! -rrb- it make perfect rice of many type -lrb- yes I have already try many type in it -rrb- , keep it warm -lrb- or not , turn off -rrb- for a very long time with little if any loss of quality . I have not have a problem with the time it take as some report have ; the effortless perfect product more than compensate for any slight additional time . Easy to use , easy to clean , easy to store , work amazingly well , durable , not ugly . come with a double bowl . do it work better than a loose-lid cooker , or a cheaper fuzzy-logic cooker ? you bet .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker hold 3 cup total , which would be 3 cup uncooked rice . however , rice double in size when cook , and it will not hold 6 cup of rice . this be pure false advertising . I add a picture show the measurement marking in the container so other can see that this rice cooker will hold 3 cup cook rice , not 6 cup .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my first rice cooker ! cute as a dang button . Plays I a song when cooking begin and end . small footprint , quality material , adorable logo ... and the rice be not bad either . it cheer I up immediately . Worth the price !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this rice cooker do make rice but let I say that a device design to cook a specific item should not only make it better but make less of a mess when use the traditional preparation method . it would have be nice to have this item make rice for I but I abhor have to clean up large mess like I be clean behind little kid play house . this appliance remind I of clean after child learn to cook . I still want a rice cooker but I want mine to be less mess while perform its job . I be disappoint in black and Decker . would I try this product again ? it would not be my first choice but then I be adept at make rice on a stove use a boiler so I be not in a hurry to purchase another rice cooker . I think there be something manufacturer can improve and this be one of those product . write this have make I want thai food . Gotta go . happy travels to all those who be in search of the great rice cooker !
RiceCooker	NEU	3	buy this in September , and use it twice a week or so until February , when it abruptly stop work in the middle of make rice . completely dead , now . while it work , it be wonderful -- rice never stick to the bottom and be perfect every time , and the steamer be great for frozen veggy , frozen shrimp , or frozen scallop . even frozen chicken be cook perfectly during a rice-making cycle , although I sometimes have to cut a frozen breast in half to get it to fit in the small space . I write Black & Decker ask for a replacement , but I be guess with shipping cost , it would probably just be cheaper for I to order a new one from Amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I really like this cooker compare to other open cooker . due to this close lid , no mess while cooking rice . at least 80 % less mess compare to regular rice cooker where they spill water and mess a lot .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the rice cooker work fine . it be smaller than I think . the web say it could contain 8-cup . however , customer should know that 8 cup contain of 4-cup rice and 4-cup water . so it be fit for 1-4 people .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be amazing ! I use it constantly and would highly recommend it for the cook on the go ! I absolutely love it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be one of the best and most useful home appliance I have ever buy . we buy this to replace a much cheaper rice cooker -lrb- around $ 40 -rrb- and we be so glad we buy this . the fuzzy logic technology really do make a difference . we have perfect rice , every time , and have now be eagerly try all different type of rice and love the new flavor experience . my favorite feature be the timer . you can set the cooker to be do at a particular time . I use this to have a nice hot breakfast ready for I at 6 be , when I be too bleary-eyed to cook anything `` from scratch . '' I also use it to have the rice perfectly do for dinner time , at just the right time . no worry at all about `` when will it be do ? '' this machine figure it all out for you . I have a kitchen full of applicance but this be the one that be get use the most , often twice a day now . there be usually 2 of we for dinner and this make the right amount for 2 for dinner , plus enough leave over to prepare a good breakfast . love it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	Ok , I read all the review before buying , and I use this cooker 4-5 time a week for the last 5 month with 2 cup of uncooked brown or jasmine rice , and without a doubt this be one of the best value for the money ... it have some special need in use but I think they be common to all cooker . . 1 . -rrb- need to stir rice in the water before start to get the rice on the bottom wet so it will not burn . 2 . -rrb- need to remove rice pot from cooker as soon as cooker go to warm mode , as continue to heat rice will cause it to burn on bottom . 3 . -rrb- cheap wite rice have a lot of starch that really make a mess all over the cover and on the counter around the cooker , . . try Jasmine rice just a little more expensive but no starch mess , the lid do not even need to be wash when do . 4 . -rrb- pot clean easy if let soak in soapy water for a short time then just wipe out . \*\*\* when it break I will be replace it with another , we really like rice . .
RiceCooker	POS	4	overall I be really please with this rice cooker . I have not eat rice for age and it be wonderful to have this little pot to make it for I with no effort . it make enough for 1-2 or maybe even 3 people . this be my second of these cooker . the first one work ok at first , but it be hard to make it stay on cook , the button would switch back to warm before it be do cooking . if you have any problem like this when you get it send it back immediately , it will only get worse . Amazon and Black and Decker be both really good about send I a new one . the new pot 's lid do not fit as well as the old one , so I end up keep the pot and lid for the first one and the base from the second one . for the price this be not something I `` m too angry about , I have a nice rice cooker that make awesome rice . if the one you get be not absolutely perfect , send it back . I suspect a lot of the disparate review be the result in vary quality within the product . but hey , it be a $ 12 rice cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	con : - take forever to cook you rice . - Poor build quality . - very flimsy . - brand new unit be really dent when bring home and take out of the box . - literally fall apart . pro : - it be cheap .
RiceCooker	POS	4	when I open the box , I could not believe my eye . it be so small , almost like a toy . but it be enough to cook a meal for 1 or 2 people . and it cook much slower than my previous one make by rival , which break suddenly after only 3 month usage . Hope this one can last longer .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product work very good . I have use it a couple time and the rice have always come out very tender .
RiceCooker	POS	5	so far , we have only use the unit as a rice cooker . have not yet try the slow cooker since we just take it out of the box a week ago . move in to a new house and the Sanyo ecj-hc55 look great in the kitchen . match well with the Stainless Steel appliance . the rice cooker have work flawlessly since we put it to use . so easy to operate , material look very well make . hopefully it last a long time .
RiceCooker	POS	4	my wife and I use we large rice maker all the time . before we get it , I think , `` how stupid , who need a rice maker ? '' it just do not make sense to I . we always make rice on the stove top and it work perfect . why would we need another thing take up cabinet space ? a rice maker however become something I learn to love . you do not need to think about it at all . fill up the water and rice and go . if you forget about it , who care , it know when its do and switch to keep warm automatically . since we love it so much , we recently pick this up for we vacation house . its normally just the two of we , so we only need a tiny one . do not plan on make rice for more than two people in this , because its REALLY small for a rice maker , but for a small number of people , its perfect .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be amazing . it cook rice nicely and in no time . it be so easy to make and easy to clean because of the nonstick surface . it be smaller than a lot of rice cooker I have see but 6 cup of rice be plenty for I personally . I have not try steam vegy but it do come with a book which explain how long to keep particular vegy in there . one downside as far as steam vegy be that you can only steam a very small amount .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this cooker be good for 1 person serve of rice . it be too small for 2 person . the product look cute .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I agree with all the positive review here . I purchase this to cook brown rice and now that all my family eat now that it come out perfect everytime . I cook add ' l and keep in the fridge . just add a few drop of water to a bowl -lrb- to rehydrate the rice a little -rrb- , load rice in & microwave a minute or more . I have also cook steel cut oats use the brown rice cycle which work well . I have also do black bean without soak , but I have to run the brown rice cycle two time to get it right . -lrb- this mean I have to let it cool down between cycle by remove the bowl and set it aside and leave the lid open so the unit cool as well , because the safety feature will not let you start a new cycle if the temp be above a certain amt . -rrb- if in a hurry , you could put cold water in sink and let the bowl sit in it a few minute too . maybe if you soak the bean overnight , you would only have to run it once . I shall try soak the bean another time to see if I can use only 1 cycle . I have also cook 20 minute stove-top rice use the quick rice cycle , this also be dead on too . I be sure if I give it some thought I could be a lot more creative and I be bet all whole grain will cook in the brown rice cycle . also , do not put directly under cabinet as it steam a lot near the end of the cycle , pull it out a little on the counter so it clear the cabinet . incidently , I make a few measurement and test & time a few thing . first off the plastic rice cup measurer take 2\/3 + 2 tablespoon of water in case anyone lose theirs . second , for brown rice , this take a whopping 1hr 41 minute to complete so allow the time . due to the length , I decide to measure how many KW it be use for that cycle with my p3 kill a watt . it use .16 in total for the 1hr 41min cycle which confirm what I think . . that be do not draw full power the entire time and be not a energy hog . this be about what a 100-watt candescent lightbulb would use in the same amount of time . all in all , this product be very well think out , very well make and be extremely reliable . even though it be make in China it be of highest quality . it have a small footprint and even a retractable cord and carry handle . the bowl be hold up quite well . periodically remove the insert on the lid where the gasket be to wash any residue that might be build up . I be very hesitant to plunk down all that money , but I have no regret today and I be consider buy the larger model since I use it so much . this be great for lazy people too , it take a minute to get it go and very little clean-up involve ! my husband and kid can even use this thing . Hope this help , just think I would give back my review for all the helpful one I have use . 3\/21\/11 almost three year later & still loving this product . teflon be hold up fine !!!
RiceCooker	NEU	3	a nice cooker , but the rice burn or brown a bit on the bottom of the pan . it do cook the rice nicely and I have try several .
RiceCooker	POS	4	you can read my original 1-star -lrb- should have be zero -rrb- review below . after post it , I email a copy to aroma through they web site . I receive a email back say I could have it fix through warranty . I write back thank they for respond , but point out they have not actually read what they be respond to since the point be that they make it more expensive to have it fix under warranty than it would be to buy it new -lrb- again -rrb- . next day a aroma rep call I . I have to explain again that they warranty term make the warranty worthless and why . she response , `` well , that would just be silly ! it would make no sense . '' -lrb- that be my point . -rrb- she go on to say that they have change they warranty from what be include with the product precisely because it be ridiculous to ask the customer to pay more than the replacement cost to get a warranty repair . she tell I that all I have to do be to provide proof-of-purchase . no return . no s&h; fee . I go online to my amazon account , save the order as a pdf and email it to the rep. within a week a new rice cooker arrive . admittedly , I have not try it -lrb- because I have already purchase a different-brand replacement locally -rrb- . hopefully , the replacement aroma cooker will last more than two time . still , I be impressed that they respond , call , and replace the unit . o r i g i n a l r e v i e w s t a r t s b e l o w : I love the red color . this be go to be a great fit for the decor at my cabin . three time this work just fine . the fourth time it get so hot that the bottom inch and a half of rice be a solid brick . I pull the pot out of the cooker and set it down into water in the sink . it fizzle , pop , steam for a unreasonably long time . the burnt rice be so harden that it come right out in one piece . however , after wash the pot with just a soapy sponge , I realize that the teflon coating be flake off . still , I try again to see what would happen . I find that it only know the hottest setting -- no simmer , not `` warm '' -- just extremely hot . I have check the warranty . forget it . really , in all honesty , there be no warranty on these . for a warranty claim , you have to call to get a rma . then ship it back to they at you expense . and you have to include $ 13 to have they ship a replacement or repair one back to you . so , the get it repair under warranty will cost more than just buy another .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this cooker a couple of year ago . I do not use it a lot because it seem unable to know when the rice be do and always overcook it . I have a cheap rice cooker before this and the Sanyo do no better because I have to keep check to see if the rice be do . then the inner lid warped and when I try to get a replacement the two third party part distributor on the Sanyo website say the part be not available , it have be on back order for month with no estimated time of shipping . there be no email or phone number for customer support on the Sanyo website -- no one to complain to or get more information from . it be a dead end which mean I have to buy another rice cooker when I have probably only ever use this one maybe two dozen time . very expensive rice . I be feed up with Sanyo .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I buy this cooker in May 2011 , and have use it at least twice a week ever since . within 2 month , the steamer tray become very warped . in addition , the cooker make a huge mess every time i use it . it do not seem to do it as bad when cooking white rice , but since I cook mostly brown rice and quinoa , it get sticky watery mess all over the place . I think we could deal with it , but my counter be get stain ! Time to replace the cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker work wonder ! I buy this rice cooker for myself and my family and I compare the rice make by we old family rice cooker and this Sanyo one . this rice cooker make the rice much better ! I say this be a great deal and also , this rice cooker can also make different kind of rice , bread , and other thing .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I have cook rice in the more higher end cooker so I lower my expectation for this one . however , I try cook brown rice and add 1.5 cup of water for every 1 cup of brown rice . I make 2 cup of brown rice with around 2.5 cup of water and the bubble water spill through the sprout and all over the cooker and counter . it happen twice and I lower the water content accord . because it spill , I also realize how annoying it be to clean . I have to periodically open the lid when I cook brown rice so it do not bubble over . I be disappointed with the rice container since my rice stick every time I cook . it create this stone pot rice effect that be rather annoying . if this be the case , I would prefer a non-stick rice container so I be not ingest teflon that do not even prevent my rice from sticking . however , for around thirty buck it be pretty cheap . the flower have that cheesy , vintage feel that be so cool with the urban outfitter kid . I probably would not buy this again but I think it might be better for make white rice see as how white rice require less water than brown rice .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy this rice cooker to be ship overseas to my hubby while he be deploy . he have receive it and use it several time . he say he -lrb- and he troops -rrb- be very pleased with the purchase . I be very happy that he have a cooker that 'll work for they so they can have some `` homemade '' meal while they be over there .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be a pretty good rice cooker for one or two people , but it can not cook 3 cup of rice . it can hardly hold 2 cup of rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it cook rice perfectly , and keep warm quite well . the rice , depend on the grain , do get a little too hard above 4 or 5 hour of the `` keep warm '' function , and inedibly so after 8 hour . when this happen , I just add a little water and press the cook button again . it will rehydrate the rice quickly -lrb- much faster than have to cook the rice from scratch -rrb- and automatically switch to the warm function . I cook rice almost daily , and find that the cooking time and quality be above average . the interface be very easy to use , and do much to enhance the functionality and design of the machine . I have have the cooker for a month now , and it be still work as new . other have note that it do not come with a rice paddle holder , which may be a hassle to some , but do not bother I in the slightest . the plastic paddle be textured such that the rice rarely hang onto it . the paddle then can then be leave directly on the countertop without leave bit of gunky rice behind . as a student , I have little time to prepare meal . I find that this rice cooker make delicious meal in no time at all - like a pressure or slow cooker . I have also use it to make curried rice with vegetable and chicken . just through it all in and let it cook . I be go to go for the zojirushus 3.5 as this be the one my parent own and suggest , but I find this one cheaper and more good look . and the rice be just as good ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone choosing between these two model .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it cook rice perfectly and slow cook very precisely . the timer function be a wonderful bonus so you can time you rice to be cook by the time you get home or set you slow cooker to cook for hour that you want it to .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have own rice cooker in the past , and my only complaint be that they be hard to clean because they have a hard-to-clean interior . this rice cooker have a wonderful non-stick surface that be easy to clean . it be fast , it be easy to use , and it make great rice ! it do not make a whole lot of rice , so you might want to get a larger model if you have a large family . I only ever make rice for myself , so this thing be perfect .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this item on amazon not know it be fit with a american plug when i go to send it back it be go to cost I # 16 postage that be more than the item cost i they buy a plug for it that cost I # 6 and it still do not work wont be buy anything else from use
RiceCooker	POS	5	Easy to use , rice come out perfect . very happy with this item . and at the price point , it be a great buy .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	it work just fine but be the tiniest rice cooker I have ever see . for a single person like I , that be fine but family would be disappoint by its size .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be very good . I almost use it everyday . it be 3-cup uncooked rice , and just enough for I . it also small , so it will not take big place in my small kinchen . I like it !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be not a food steamer . I purchase it as a Christmas present and I be still try to get -lrb- . . -rrb- to make the situation right . they solution be to just send I a steamer tray which will not work if the item be manufacture to only be a rice cooker . I be ask they to send I a product that match the item description . I 'll let you all know if they honor this request . meanwhile , do not buy this product !!
RiceCooker	POS	5	I actually do a lot of research before buy this , and it really pay off . this be a great , simple rice cooker \/ warmer that do exactly what you want it to do - make great rice every time .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I use this rice cooker a few time a week for about 5 month to warm soup , cook rice , and to cook pasta . well , it be great while it last because after about 5 month the non-stick interior start to crack\/peel and that be a no no unless you enjoy chemical tasting rice and pasta . for the price it be not bad , but i will have to invest in a rice cooker with a stainless steel pot to avoid this problem .
RiceCooker	POS	4	Perfect rice every time . White , brown it do not matter . the start up timer be geat . timer can be set for a completion time . the warming feature keep the rice edible for about a hour after cooking be finish if you be not too fussy . one annoying thing be that the countdown timer only become active in the last 10min . if you be syncronise the completion time for food this be kind of a nuisance . the other annoying thing be that it cook very slow . there other model that cook faster , but they be more expensive .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have my rice cooker for nearly a year now with absolutely stellar result . Rice make be so simple that I sometimes forget it be cooking until I smell the wonderful aroma waft from my kitchen . some reviewer mention that the cooker spew `` goo '' all over the countertop . the simple solution to this be to take the cover off after the rice come to a boil , stir well with a silicone or wooden spoon , leave the cover off until the water be nearly absorb , then put it back on . I discover this method when cooking brown rice -lrb- which do spew -rrb- and take about 20 minute longer than white rice . additionally , I weigh my rice , then fill to the appropriate marker on the side of the pan : 2 oz . rice + water to 1st marker ; 4 oz . rice + water to the 2nd marker ; 6 oz . rice + water to the 3rd marker . it be quite foolproof . I frequently add dehydrated veggy and beef or chicken bouillon for a more flavorful dish . no problem whatsoever and I use it at least three time a week .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I do not realize how small this be . if you be solo or use it in college , it should be fine . if you be cook for more than 2 people , you need something bigger . but I cook for 1 or 2 people usually so it work out ok for now . I be cooking rice on a stove previously and ti be fine but I get tire of watch the pot so it would not boil over . this cook the rice evenly and quickly . it even cook brown rice well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I do a lot of research prior to choose the Zojirushi rice cooker and luckily for I by the time I be ready to purchase the company have come out with this model ns-vgc05 which be very compact and perfect for one person or even two . it do a amazing job of cook the rice to perfection . the instruction be easy to follow especially for be a novice . I be anxious to try the different setting for different rice and cake . I call the company to find out about the build in clock . the instruction do not explain whether you have to have the unit plug in to recharge the clock . the answer be that you do not have to have it plug in . it be a lithium battery that have a 5-6 year life and then you would call the company directly to have it replace . the clean up be really easy again by follow the instruction . I highly recommend this product . it be definitely worth the money pay !!!
RiceCooker	POS	4	come from a chinese family , this rice cooker do the job right . Rice be cook in 20 min , vs 45 min , a record -lrb- long -rrb- time hold by the Sanyo rice cooker I use to own . the plastic steam basket , give the size of the rice cooker , be small . it be good for 3-4 bun . the only point that keep I from rating it 5 star , be the top lid , which be hard to clean .
RiceCooker	POS	4	nice cooker but a bit small for a family of 4 . also can not really tell the difference between this and one I get from Walmart -lrb- Aroma brand -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy two of these , one as a gift and one for myself . both of they work wonderfully and be extremely affordable ! I be very satisfied with this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this item from target - on sale for $ 29.99 this week ! I absolutely love it . I have only use it once so far , but it be so easy and the rice come out perfect . I be try to decide if I should buy this one or a expensive brand like Tiger that my friend have , and this rice taste the same as hers . it do not stick at all and I leave it on warm for many hour and it still taste great . you can not go wrong with this !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be still experiment . I just make teriyakus country pork rib , which be awesome ! I need to compensate for high altitude , that be what I be still work on .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have this unit as well as a older version of the  Black & Decker HS1000 Handy Steamer with Flavor Scenter Screen  I get the 3 cup rice cooker because the steamer have a lot of piece and be a pain to clean . while the rice cooker be a breeze to clean , it be main downfall be the burning on the bottom . I hear other reviewer say that be not a big deal , but it be to I . I do not like it and the purpose of have a cooker be to make good rice without have to watch it while it cook . if I want to watch it and stir , unplug etc. as other suggest , I would just cook the rice in a pot . also , as other say , this spurt juice everywhere while it be cooking , also annoy . the handy steamer be much better but from what I hear , the newest version be not as good unfortunately . besides make better rice , it have a timer on it so you can adjust to you liking . the 3 cup cooker be all or nothing - can not adjust . I be try to find a cross between these two - hopefully there be one out there .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use this rice cooker for multiple batch of rice since my purchase , and I have to say it have do exactly what I have expect of it . I have make 1-3 cup of rice at one time . anything above that I can not comment on but for those amount each batch be perfect . I like my rice on the sticky side so I have use 1 1\/4 - 1 1\/2 cup of water per one cup of rice -lrb- and this be white rice -rrb- depend on how sticky you want the rice . I have make brown rice only once so not much to write about that other than I use the suggest rice to water ratio in the product instruction . also have not use the steam tray to make any vegetable or anything else . as far as the product itself : it work great , the positive : no bubble over the lid -lrb- and I do not wash or rinse my rice -rrb- . the button be very straight forward , one for white and one for brown rice . clean up be very easy . there be really no negative yet since I have only have it for about a month -lrb- since write this review -rrb- . but two thing : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the cord be not retractable and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the tray that collect excessive water do not fit sturdily in the back its a bit loose , but it have not be a issue . neither of those thing would be deal breaker for I , I would still purchase this product again if I have to . so over all it do what I expect it to do , which be steam rice and it do it great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	ok wow , this thing be amazing ! I be a college student with little time to spend prepare food -lrb- and rice be cheap -rrb- so I think this be a perfect investment and I be right ! today i receive it , clean everything , plug it in , use the measurement of rice to water , hit the big button that say BROWN RICE , and then it be beep later tell I it be do . when I open the top I could barely believe my eye , perfect freakin ' RICE . look exactly like the kind you get with chinese food , all dry and scrumptious look how I like it . it even have a chart to adjust water to cater to how you like you rice prepare , so I have some variation to experiment with . but basically , this thing be so cool and I feel as if it be gonna save I so much time and I 'll make much better food . love it !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have only have the rice cooker for 30 day and none of the button work . I can not turn it off or set the clock . will try to return it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive this machine 10 day ago and I be completely satisfy with it . every batch of rice be perfect , and it be a snap to clean . the timer be a terrific feature . one note though : some reviewer have warn that the white rice capacity be only 2 cup . this be not the case . the same scale on the bowl be use for both white rice and `` mixed '' rice . the scale be misleadingly label . the manual state that the white rice capacity be 3 cup , while the `` mixed '' rice capacity be 2 cup . do not let this confusion hold you back .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	in the begin this little rice cooker work very well and be exactly what I have be look for . for just two people it be the ideal size . I follow the instruction provide by B&D; , make sure that the insert be not whet on the bottom and sit level in the unit etc. but after about 10 use it stop work with no warning half way through cooking . the light go out and that be the end of it . B&D; have a good name but this little cooker in poor quality . Waste of money , I will be look for a rice cooker from a different maker .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be big enough for my family of three , but just big enough . it be really simple to use and make my rice to perfection after a few false start with add a bit too much water . Make sure you do not add too much water -lrb- again I stress ! -rrb- because it may boil over .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have a aroma rice maker , and it be ok , but this zojirushus be far , far better . no crust bottom , and the rice be truly perfect . very easy to use , very easy to clean and a perfect amount of rice for a two people household . Worth the money definitely . I have a zojirushus Breadmaker also and I be sell on this brand . Superior quality and performance in both appliance .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this look to be of higher quality than the last one i buy somewhere else and at a cheaper price i also would like to thank the seller for a fast shipment
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be satisfy with this rice cooker . the cook rice be always fluffy and tender . I do not suffer any more reflux at the oesophagus . thanks
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the easiest way to cook rice ! it be even easier than instant rice . put in the rice ; put in water ; and turn it on . Presto , perfectly make rice . great size for a single person -lrb- or maybe even a couple -rrb- . Easy to clean . I love it . Allan
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be my first rice cooker and i have to say that I could not be happier with this product . I mean really what more could you really ask for . add rice , water , salt and butter -lrb- if you want -rrb- hit the button and forget about it . go on with the rest of you cooking . it have a `` keep warm '' function that happen automatically so you rice be nice and warm . and the clean up be so simple that my 5 year old can do it and she do !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have only have it about 2 week and have only make rice , which have come out perfect each time . direction be very easy to follow and clean-up be also quick and easy . instruction booklet also have recipe for cheese cake which I be anxious to try . very happy with this purchase .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we try the cheaper model from the same brand and return it . this one work perfectly , especially for cooking very small quantity of rice . could not be happier , and yes , it do employ fuzzy logic when cook the rice . do not buy a cooker without that feature . and everything from this brand be usually very high quality . this one be no exception . if you be a serious cook , this be the entry level . do not go any cheaper . note that it only cook 3 cup . Perfect for those who like rice but may not want so much of it . for two people , we have find that 1 cup be enough to satisfy we craving for rice dish for two , without pump up we waistline . it be very easy to use . they give you a measure cup and you measure the rice with the line on the cup -lrb- we use 1\/4 cup per person , but most will probably want 1\/2 cup per person -rrb- , then dump it into the bowl that be include in the thing . next , add water -lrb- some people will stir the rice with they finger -rrb- and pour the water back out to rinse the rice . some of the hull from the rice will float off when you pour the water out . rinse twice , then fill the water back up to the mark correspond to the amount of rice you have in there . yes , you add water to the mark with the rice inside . put the bowl in the unit and close the lid . next you push menu to select the type of rice you have -lrb- white , brown , sushi , etc. , use porridge for steel cut oatmeal -rrb- and push start . if you want to use the timer , instead of push start , push timer , use the arrow to set the time -lrb- it start with the last time you use -rrb- and then push start . the only knock I have be that it take a \* long \* time to cook 1 cup of rice . 40 minute just seem like it be twice as long as it should take . however , because I do not know whether that be longer than other fuzzy logic rice cooker , I do not take a star away from the product . just be forewarn , it take a lot longer than cooking rice on a stove . be it underpowered ? I do not know . the flip side be that it only take 450 watt to run the thing , and so it be less likely to pop the circuit breaker if you have something else go . a little off topic , but if you be look at a rice cooker , you may want to learn about rice . here be what we have learn so far . there be three basic grain size of rice : long grain , medium grain and short grain , also know as sweet rice or sushi rice . each kind have its place . long grain rice be best for fried rice and pilaf - where the rice should not stick together because you want every grain to be coat with a flavoring . by itself , long grain rice be not that great tasting . we Americans be use to long grain rice , but wait until you branch out into other type . medium grain rice be for serve just plain rice , like as a side dish with chinese dish . it be easily the best tasting rice by itself . it clump together to a degree , make it easier to eat with chopstick . if you want the most delicious rice you can find , and you will not be flavor it , buy medium grain . it be so much better than that long grain minute rice we grow up with . finally , sushi rice be very short grain and clump like mad . it be generally limit to sushi , where you would be willing to sacrifice flavor to get better clumping , and sweet dish , because of its high starch content . this rice cooker have a special setting for short grain rice . but I find short grain rice to be too artificial tasting , and so even for sweet dish , I use medium grain rice . next , there be two basic type of rice : brown rice , which be how all rice start , or white rice , which be brown rice with essentially all of the nutrient remove . with no nutrient , white rice do not spoil like brown rice can . we have find very little difference in taste between brown rice and white rice . if you do not like brown rice , you be probably think of a exotic variety that have a deeper taste . regular brown rice you buy in the store be very nearly the same taste as white , so we have stop buy white . find Botan Calrose brown rice in a asian market , look at the health advantage of brown rice on the internet and you 'll never go back . note , there be a special setting on the cooker for brown rice , and different water mark for brown , and brown rice take about 80 -lrb- not a typo -rrb- minute to make one cup . I be sure you can find more detail on line , but that should give you the basics . Ditch you long grain rice : you 'll be amaze at how much better medium grain rice can be . and try brown rice : you 'll be shock at how close it be to the nutrient-less white rice . this cooker make all kind of rice really well . I have have it for about three year and we use it nearly every day . it be still work like the day we get it . the nonstick bowl look and act like new . the battery keep all of the setting and the current time , though my understanding be that the battery be not easily replaceable without send it back .
RiceCooker	POS	5	- timer -lrb- set it and forget it -rrb- ; we set the timer the night before or in the morning . never have to wait for rice , the rice wait for we and have a keep warm setting . - cooking ; the rice cook better than anything I have ever have . blow away steamer or stove-top cooking . - non-stick ; easy to clean the only complaint , as mention in plenty of review , be the instruction be a bit lack ; but that be not a reason to not buy .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I read all the review for this model and decide to give it a try . at $ 14.00 , it be not a big investment . I buy it because it could make a small quantity of rice , and it could cook brown rice . however , my first use be with the max amount -lrb- `` 3 measure '' -rrb- of Texmati -lrb- basmatus -rrb- rice . I incorporate some of the suggestion I read in the review . first , I place the cooker on a terrycloth towel . the measure cup that come with the unit do not look like the one picture in the manual . it have no marking on it except a grooved line about 1\/4 inch down from the top . since I read it be suppose to measure 2\/3 cup , I do use my own measuring cup to confirm . two-third of a cup fill it to that line , not the top . I carefully measure `` 3 measure '' of rice , dump the rice in the cooker , and then fill it with water to the 3 cup line inside the cooking pot . that be what the direction say to do and it would make a difference in the amount of water if you do these step in reverse . turn it on and then check it at 20 minute . the water be boil and it be sputter through the vent hole in the lid . the rice\/water mixture be foam and get very close to the top of the pot . base on a review suggestion , I give the mixture a quick stir . that immediately stop the sputtering and foam and the cooking process continue uneventfully until it finish cooking and automatically switch to warm . again base on a suggestion , I unplug the cooker and wait the 15 minute -lrb- actually 20 minute -rrb- before I serve it . the rice be firm but cook and slightly brown on the very bottom but still usable . taste good ! I get 7 serving , each cover 2\/3 of a dinner plate when rice be `` flatten out . '' I clean the cooking pot by hand -lrb- extremely easy to clean -rrb- and put the glass lid in the dishwasher with no problem . after one use , I like it !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this cooker be a bit slow but make rice fine . however , the nonstick coating on the bowl be clearly low quality because it begin to flake off . grant this be after several year -- but it be possible to make more durable non-stick coating -lrb- as I have pan that be fine with much more use -rrb- . cost at least $ 25 to replace look like .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker after try other and nothing come close to how this rice cooker make rice . it be excellent . the rice come out perfect everytime . soft , fluffy , tender and just right . I buy the 3-cup rice cooker and if you serve the perfect portion it serve about 6 people -lrb- a spoon & 1\/2 -rrb- . it be compact and easy to keep clean and store in any small space . I think this be the best rice cooker i have ever own . I love it !!
RiceCooker	POS	4	the rice come out fabulous . it be also great for steel cut oatmeal . however , the timer be extremely confusing . out of 5 college graduate -lrb- engineer , phd 's -rrb- , only one figure it out . I even write the company 3 time . I own a Zojirushi Bread maker also , and that timer be straight forward . the rice cooker use a 24 hour clock , -- very confusing . if it have not be for the timer I would have give it 5 star . also , a steamer button would have be nice , but that model be even more expensive .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this little rice cooker over 1.5 year ago . as other have say , it be look very small , almost like a toy . I intend to use it only occasionally to make rice . but after discover how easy it be to use , and how dependably it cook the rice - have use it several time a week . I love the smell of the steam rice that escape from the vent while the rice be cooking . I usually make the maximum amount which be a huge plate full for one person or a very good size portion for two people . I make white and brown rice and sometimes make the package rice side dish -lrb- with spice packet -rrb- and they all come out great . this be a great value and have be very dependable . it be one of my favorite purchase from Amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	be on the fence about order this until I discover that we friend , a vegan couple , have this exact one and they use it on a regular basis . they swear by it , so we buy it . love it !! we be a kidless couple so the amount of rice it make be more than enough for we for a meal , we always have leftovers . ca not go wrong with this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this item be good for I , I could cook , soup , rice , etc. . but it be break for 3 week . I have to buy the other one ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	i use this thing almost everyday . from jasmine to brown , calrose , and even sushi , this little marvel can cook any type of rice i can throw at it ! but it do not just stop at rice . i cook lentil , quinoa , and amaranth in here too ! it disassemble for easy cleaning and the stainless steel have look great in three different apartment . it look so good in fact , i sometimes carry it with I to special event like wedding and for some extra bling up in tha club . i receive this as a gift and it make I instantly fall deeply in love with the woman who give it to I . she and i be not together anymore ... but this rice cooker be still with I and i know that as long as i live , i would never part with it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I like to look at review so I provide they . this rice cooker be amazing . when the rice cook you just walk away and do . you rice be ready . Pretty easy to clean . Make you you pay attention to the rice measurement and steam veggy , it do a great job as well .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I really initially like this rice cooker , but end up have to return it . every time I leave it on warm , it burn the bottom of my rice . at first it burnt if it be on for 45 min , but after a few month , 45 min turn into 10 minute . I eventually have to return it . do make decent rice though .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I expect it to be a little bigger than it be . but it work great . no problem so far . Hope it will last long .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I be very happy with my rice cooker that I buy 03\/11 . today i notice that the inner pot be peel off and make unsafe to cook in it . I use it 3 to 4 time per week with 3 month vacation -lrb- my rice cooker get pack for move -rrb- . that mean I be able to use it for just 10 month . today I be read the review and nobody could find the replacement part . I try to do it without luck . THEY INNER POT REPLACEMENT PART be DISCONTINUED !!! THIS RICE COOKER be TOO EXPENSIVE to LAST just 10 month !!
RiceCooker	POS	5	thanks ! aaa + + + good product ! plenty of room and easy to use . it take a little while to warm up but work great .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I get what I think be one of the better rice cooker for my boyfriend for Christmas . I go thru the trouble of have it ship in for the holiday as we be go skiing . we get it home and try it out . we be so excited . each time we use it , it make a huge mess all over the counter top no matter how much we make or how little we make . finally we give up and try this one . it have be a dream . we have make all different kind of rice , grits , oatmeal , and no fuss , no mess . it even have a fast cook set that we use most of the time - we do not plan for dinner quite well enough to do it the long way . the fast cook method be just as great . we have be creative and try some of we own recipe and make thing up . no mess , no fuss ! the instruction book that come with the cooker be not great but be creative . it have be great and so easy . we both laugh when the little tune play as you begin and end cooking cycle . it be worth a bit extra to spend to get a great product . thanks Amazon for you great policy as well . I highly recommend this cooker and we be tough on thing . it have be great !
RiceCooker	POS	5	we older rice cooker finally bite the dust and we want one that produce the quality of cook rice that one expect in a chinese or Thai restaurant . this Sanyo rice cooker produce great rice and be easy to use . we like the easy carry handle so that we can store the cooker in we cabinet when not in use . it be a very versatile cooker with feature for oatmeal and slow cooking meal , etc. . it seem very well make .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have be use this black and Decker rice cooker for two month . I have not notice any problem with it . it cook rice , stew , soup , potato and spaghetti in less than 30 minute . it be so convenient and light to lift or carry . I use it at my dorm and I hope it 'll last for at least two year . the only concern I have be that the inner coated part of the pot might begin to peel off if I use a steel spoon or fork on it : -lrb- but I will be careful and use only ceramic or plastic on it . other than that , it be a great product ! and I be happy use it : -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	Works great , just like a rice cooker ought to . not a steamer , as some other review have mention . good size for we -lrb- a couple with no kid -rrb- , and small enough to fit in we tiny kitchen . also nice that it do not have pink flower on top . sometimes spit a little when open it too quickly -lrb- but most rice cooker be prone to that if they
RiceCooker	NEU	3	it do what it be make to do -- cook rice . it take up very little counter space . it be easy to clean . it be not a fancy rice cooker , mind you , and I wish it have a on\/off button -lrb- it automatically turn on when you plug it in -rrb- . for the price pay , it be a decent addition to my kitchen , even though it probably will not be use that often .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be glad I take a chance this time . we love this little rice cooker . make perfect rice each time just like the local restaurant . I do not know why this little handy cooker be get such bad review as I have not have a issue with it with 14 + use so far ! love it !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be advertise as a 6-cup rice cooker . I have a 5-cup cooker and it be so much bigger than this one . this cooker be really only a 3 cup -lrb- uncooked -rrb- rice cooker . it contain up to 6 cup only after the rice be cook . this cooker be mislabele .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	overall this rice cooker be do the job . I just do not like clean up afterwards . the steam come out of the lid can make a mess . I have to clean it up everytime . I would recommend a different brand or model that can cook rice without additional work .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be really nice , and work just like the description say it would . it be easy to use and have quite a few setting . I could never make rice without it be mushy , but now I can .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this one be exactly what I need . I just get it . it be small but enough for 1 person . it cook fast . love it a lot .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the only reason this do not earn a 5 star be that it take SO LONG to make rice . now ... I know rice be rice , and there be no quick and easy way to get it from the grain to the chinese Box , but cooking two cup of this properly -lrb- meaning follow instruction perfectly and let it sit after cooking to allow the grain to finish puffing -rrb- take a easy half a hour . I doubt there be inexpensive machine out there that can cook it faster , so I guess I could give it a 5 star for effort ... but overall , for a little cooker under $ 20 , we have be very happy ! it be nice to just throw in rice and water and let it sit til its finish ... no stir or make sure the grain do not burn . you will not be dissatisfy . I do not leave many review here , but think this could help as I do not see other talk about this in they review . enjoy !
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great little rice cooker . I cook the rice well , and quickly . however , it do not make three cup of cook rice , as describe . it only make about 2.5 cup ... and that be with the cook rice all the way up to the absolute top rim of the cooker . that say , it be perfect for my little family of 2 . make sushi rice with it the last couple of day , and it come out wonderfully . highly recommend for someone who do not need a lot of rice at any one time . also cook soup and stew and heat up can food .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the 3-cup make perfect rice for all week . I like the compact & sleekness of the cooker & thanks for the scoop & measure cup . I keep they in the cooker when not in use . clean up be quick & easy and love the way the cord re-track . I wish the digital readout be a little easier to read you really have to watch for the little arrow when you change setting .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love my little rice cooker . it be smaller and be perfect for a small family or single person . only problem I have be rice sticking to bottom but that be probably my fault . it be cute and take up little room in my cabinet . on the counter it take up little room as well . I use it about 3 time a week . definitely a good buy !
RiceCooker	POS	4	great machine but wish I would have get the 5.5 cup unit . the owner manual be useless . have to buy another book to learn how to operate it . this be high quality and the flavor be outstanding . Rice be much better than top the stove rice . we rv a lot so the 3 cup unit will work fine for 2 people but the 5.5 would have be more adaptable .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the rice cooker be great for the first 6 month I have it . but then it stop work . I research the review here and find out that it have to do with the fuse . I buy one from Radioshack and replace it . and now it be work again . what suck be that return the item cost you $ 20 in shipping for a obvious defect in the product . if you do not mind the problem with the fuse , it be a great product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this rice cooker as a gift for my son . make perfect rice every time with absolutely no boil over . clean up be quick and easy . when my son move out I will need to get one for myself .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the first time I have have arice ciiker and it be awesome . sometimes the warm light do not go on when it be do but I have no problem with that I take care of it a soon as it id do
RiceCooker	NEU	3	my first rice cooker , and I be surprise that `` 6 cup '' do not mean 6 cup ... but rather `` 6 Oster cup '' , which be much smaller than a normal cup . if you lose -lrb- or melt -rrb- they provide measure cup , you be mostly screw . all that say , it do work well , and free up a burner on the stove to do other thing , just do not expect to make `` real cup '' of rice .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	as a single person I loathe shopping for a rice cooker . after browse target and Bed Bath and Beyond I be sad because they seem to sell only huge rice cooker . Leftovers be good but one person do NOT need a 10 cup rice cooker . this be the perfect size for one , maybe two , people . it cook quickly , clean easily , and can steam vegetable or meat so you do not have to dirty two appliance for dinner . I have two gripe about it though . first one be the bowl sit on the heating element be hold down by the lid and food inside . sometimes if I lift the lid to stir , the bowl pop up and off the heating element and the switch go from cooking to keep warm . then you must reset it and risk burn the food if you be not watch . the second be that there be no cookbook or recipe in with the appliance . first appliance I have buy that do not at least have a handful of recipe in the instruction guide . you be leave to pretty much guess the time and amount for most of the cooking .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the handle on the lid be a little loose , need a better screw to hold it in place and not come off .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have be use this 2-3 time a week when it finally break . needless to say , I be not happy . I only pay $ 15 for this so I guess you get what you pay for .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my grandson really really love it . the wait be a while for he birthday present , but he think , worth the wait . he can program it and he meal will be ready when he come home .
RiceCooker	POS	5	what you have to understand be that I hardly ever cook rice before . oh , except for the instant boil-in bag ! and when I do , it come out sticky , dry , or burn . I have a large , busy family with 4 teens so I think I would get a big fuzzy logic rice cooker because I would hear rave -lrb- read the excellent `` the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook '' by Hensperger and Kaufman ! -rrb- and want to finally incorporate whole grain into we diet every day . fuzzy logic cooker be not like the regular old rice steamer ; instead they use some kind of computer magic to determine how long to cook rice perfectly every time . then I see this one with a smaller footprint , and for some reason I have to have it too . the bottom line be that I use it EVERY SINGLE DAY to make brown rice , quinoa , bhutanese red rice , forbid black rice , whole wheat couscous ... all the whole grain you be suppose to be eat . it be absolutely my favorite kitchen appliance and I actually try to take it when I travel ! I never use the larger fuzzy logic because this one make plenty ! my kid use the hard-boiled egg feature almost daily , too , because the egg come out perfectly and you can make 7 at a time . the timer and control be SUPER EASY and it come with extra bowl etc. . for tofu , you must use the homemade soy milk , not commercial . the steamer be nice , and the crock pot too , but I use the microwave for steam and have much larger crockpot for stew and pot roast etc. . eat more whole grain ! by the way , I have lose 80 lb . eat more vegetable and whole grain . get this Sanyo ecj-hc55 5.5 cup rice cooker ! highly recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love my new rice cooker ! I get it through amazon prime , so it arrive in 2 day . the box come with the instruction book that have receipt you can use . I dont have a kitchen in my studio apt and this cooker have save I so much money . I be eat healthier and the food come out great and be do fast ! I even make chicken noodle soup with this cooker : -rrb- . go and get this baby !
RiceCooker	NEU	3	it work fine except that the rice on the bottom of the insert bowl get overcooked\/burned . nothing I have do prevent it . when the light for the cooking cycle go out , I have be right there to get out the rice and it be still burn . I have try shut it off earlier in the cycle but that be hard to figure out because different rice take different time to cook . besides , I do not want to have to do that - that be why I buy a rice cooker . sometimes the rice water boil over . that be a mess . I think it have to do with the type of rice and if you be make 3 cup . another negative point be that there be a little cup that come with the cooker that you be suppose to use to measure rice . make a mental note that it be a 2\/3 cup measurement . if you lose the little cup -lrb- which be likely to happen in we home -rrb- you 'll still be able to use the machine . the rice that be not burn be great . Rice be nice and firm . machine easy to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this for my mom a couple of Christmas ' ago and she be still comment to I about how much she love it ! the flower design be a nice , pretty touch , as well !
RiceCooker	POS	5	love this cooker ... be a indian you know we make all ur food and veggy in cooker ... make malaus kofta and fry rice quickly with its help ... . great price work great no complaint !
RiceCooker	POS	5	. . be a replacement for one I lose when my apartment burn down . I know exactly which unit to look for on Amazon . this product produce the best rice each and every time , be easy to use , clean and store . it have plenty of capacity , and allow one to cook a complete meal , if require , with the steam tray on top . very efficient .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy this week at target for $ 28.00 on sale . excellent rice cooker . I give it 4 star because the steamer be poorly design . they should have have the hole in the steamer a little smaller and more number of hole . the pea actually fall through . do not know who test these product
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use many rice cooker over the year , and the best be make by Japan . this Sanyo make perfect rice and at a fair and reasonable price . it have great quality and be super simple to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive this as a gift last Christmas , cook a lot of rice and asian dice at home . this device can also do bread , risotto , other grain such as quinoa , in addition to act as a slow-cooker . the include recipe book feature some great idea to get you start with contribution from Martin Yan , however another relative recently send I the follow which should keep I busy for a while .  the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook : 250 No-Fail Recipes for Pilafs , Risottos , Polenta , Chilis , Soups , Porridges , Puddings , and more , from Start to finish in you Rice Cooker -lrb- Non -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	after get it I be able to easily cook sushi rice as well as accurately gauge how much rice to cook for four people without waste . I have yet to burn a batch and the item itself be idiot proof , flip the switch and go find something else to do . the warmer function work as advertise and I have be able to successfully leave the rice in for over a hour with no adverse effect . highly recommend !
RiceCooker	POS	4	so far -lrb- 8-10 use -rrb- , this product have be perfect . positive point : - do exactly what you ask it to do . my rice -lrb- either white basmatus or jasmine , or brown or black -rrb- be all well cook , and it reach my perfect taste after have wait for 10-15 minute on `` keep warm '' . - seem to be a good quality item compare to its -lrb- rather cheap -rrb- price . - I do not remark any spill around the exhaust vent of my rice cooker , even if I read it happen to a few other people with the same item -lrb- it happen with my previous rice cooker , and do not really bother I anyway -rrb- . - quite easy to clean , except for the lid -lrb- see below -rrb- . negative point : - the rice take quite some time to cook -lrb- around 30 minute -rrb- , which be a bit longer than if you do it in a saucepan -lrb- either w \/ a lot of water or in sushi-rice\/risotto style -rrb- , and also a bit longer than with my 2 previous rice cooker . - quite easy to clean , except for the lid , which do not seem to be able to be take apart from the entire rice cooker , which force you to clean it in try not to put water anywhere else on the rice cooker -- -rrb- not very practical , consider that the rice steam stick a bit if it dry , and that it be really easy to clean right away -lrb- well , a bit less with this machine -rrb- . I do not test the other function of the rice cooker -lrb- slow cooking + steamer -rrb- , but I doubt you will do it every day either ... all in all , I like this product and would buy it again without hesitate . I 'll remember the aroma brand , which I do not know before .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I buy the aroma arc-998 Rice Cooker on April 11 , 2011 . I be so glad I keep the receipt ! the good : it be sleek , pretty , contemporary and digital ! what be not to love ? I 'll tell you . the bad : this cooker work great for about 5 use ... I cook white rice , brown rice , and steamed vegetable . then it just stop cooking . the light come on , the timer still go off ... and I open the cover to find my rice sit in lukewarm water . I turn it off , hit the rice button again . eventually the timer go off . nothing ! folk , this be the third aroma cooker I have own . I replace a bad manual aroma cooker with this one , mistakenly think that this one might actually ... well , you know , COOK RICE . I will not make the mistake of buy a fourth . as I say , I be glad I keep the receipt because the cooker come with a 1-year warranty and I be send it back to they for replacement . I do not hold high hope that the replacement will be much better ... but I refuse to just throw out a $ 50 cooker out of sheer principle . one thing be for sure : I will never buy another aroma product . if you buy this cooker -lrb- or anything else make by aroma -rrb- , keep the receipt and the box ! I have a feeling you 'll need they .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I just get this rice cooker and I really like it so far . I travel a lot for work and it fit great inside luggage without take up too much room . it also work well for I , I have read other reviewer that talk about it leak but I have not experience that . it be pretty small , but 3 cup of rice be plenty for two people for a meal with even a little bit leave over . one aspect I do not like be that it do not have a turn off switch so you have to make sure to unplug it after you be do with it .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have purchase two of these cooker . when they work , they be so convenient - perfect for small batch of rice , oatmeal -lrb- do not use milk - it will bubble up and make a mess -rrb- , quinoa , etc. . only problem , they just do not last very long . the first one I have only last for a couple of batch and the second one last a couple of month . I keep buy they because they be the only small rice cooker that I have find on Amazon , and the price be reasonable . as long as Amazon keep take my return , I guess I 'll keep buy this cooker even though it be a bit of a hassle when they stop work .
RiceCooker	POS	4	great rice cooker . even cooking and perfectly do every time -lrb- brown and white rice -rrb- . when program however there be some confusion as to whether or not the time enter be the time it start cooking rather than the time the rice with be finish . key point ! small footprint and convenient size for 2 -3 adult .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be probably the smallest rice cooker mankind can build . please remember this product be extremely small , and most probably not what a rice eater be look for ! the product description on amazon say its a 3 cup cooker . what I realize after it arrive be the fact that it hold 3 cup of `` cook '' rice . also the cup volume be only 135cc !
RiceCooker	POS	4	ok . so I buy this because I really have to watch my food intake . so the rice cooker do a awesome job of steam the rice and veggy . I have steam beet in this and man they be awesome ! I give it 4 star because sometimes it be awesome if it have a on\/off switch . other than that it really be a great rice cooker . I be happy with this purchase . oh and ive have this rice cooker now for almost close to 1 year . so yes its pretty darn awesome .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	upon open the package , the first thing I notice be the low quality of the component . the steam tray be a flimsy piece of plastic that sit at the top of the rice cooker . the rice cooker \/ crockpot container itself be removable , which be nice , but it also appear to be cheap and poorly construct . I feel like I be go to break this thing after a few more use . neither the primary container or the steamer have handle , so you will likely burn yourself as you try to remove you food . my steam tray stain after the first use even though I wash it immediately after remove my food . do this product work ? yes . be there better product that will make I happier ? yes . that be say , I should also mention that I still plan on keep this and use it regularly , but it be not my favorite kitchen gadget . perhaps I can find a way to fashion a handle for the steamer and then all will be well in the world , or at least better .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker ! I receive this product as a gift and it stay in its box for month . I have never use a rice cooker before , finally I open it , and it now have a permanent spot on my countertop . you can cook whole meal use the steam tray on top ! I have since purchase two as gift !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this rice cooker over a year ago and use it about two time a week . Wether I cook white rice or brown , long grain or short grain , the rice come out perfect every time . the rice be the perfect moisture and consistency . it be great too that it automatically change to the keep warm function upon finish . this be really nice , allow you to have one less item that you have to worry about timing for . clean the rice cooker be easy too . the bowl that the rice cook in be easily clean with a soft sponge and some dish soap . the rest of the cooker can be clean with just a rag or paper towel , there will be some moisture and excess water that need to be wipe up . I be so happy with my rice cooker I just buy a second to gift to the mom for mother day .
RiceCooker	POS	5	sorry for the trite title but this be go to be a very useful product -- not like a juicer I buy last year and can not even find now . it be easy to use and make some of the best rice I have ever taste . honest . it also steam veggy and make tofu . I make a cup at a time and sometimes eat the whole thing at one sit . more often however be I snack on it over the course of the 12 hour warming cycle .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I replace my old rice cooker with this unit , think I could cook better rice plus other food . I be impressed with the cooking performance and ease of use . I eat brown rice and it be not only easy to make , but I time it to be ready when I get home from work . the rice turn out wonderful . I mix up different dish and use the slow cook pot on some day to make chicken stew or noodle soup . great idea to include both pot . high quality and nice look . I keep it on my counter .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this Rice cooker be perfect for cooking just enough rice without much time and effort ! there be not much clean up and the rice be always warm and tasty ! it be a great choice !
RiceCooker	POS	5	although I have to admit I have only use this rice cooker in the ` Quick Cook ' mode , the rice have come out perfect each and every time . two japanese cup provide for about 4 serving of perfectly cook basmatus rice . what impress I the most be the high quality material and attention to detail in its design .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love the black and Decker Rice Cooker . it be perfect size and easy useage be the reason why I make a second purchase of this item . it would make a great gift for a college student or a wedding gift for sure . the seller provide excellent service .
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this rice cooker a few week ago and it be exactly what I need . I can cook 4 cup of rice -lrb- uncooked -rrb- , which feed about 4-5 people . it cook in about 30 minute and it be super reliable and easy to use . I also love the Stainless Steel look . a lot of rice cooker do not offer that .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be great . I have have it for several week now , and I have not have any trouble with it . it be small and make the perfect amount of rice for my husband and i. it make I feel good that we be have brown rice with we dinner several time a week . and it be low hassle , compare to try to cook it on the stove . I be very glad I make this purchase !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use 3 time only so far but absolutely no problem . the instruction say to put a little oil at the bottom before rice & water so that it will not stick or burn , I do this the first 2 time and no sticking or burning , but I forget the oil the 3rd time and it do burn the bottom , nothing that a 10 minute soak do not take care of . so far I be happy with this little cute and cheap machine .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	so I be extremely excited unwrap this small , very cute rice cooker , but it do not last for very long . actually , it do not last at all . I follow all the instruction and all the safety precaution etc. . it start cooking and the rice be almost cook when it just stop work . the light be no longer on . it officially die . I seek to return the item but after find out the international postage and handle cost -lrb- since I live in Australia -rrb- which be more than the original cost of the item -lrb- + postage -rrb- , it be clear that there be no point in return the item : -lrb-
RiceCooker	POS	4	my wife purchase this rice cooker in August of 2009 . within two week of purchase the cooker get stick in the `` keep warm '' mode somehow . we think it be because it be in keep warm mode and then we unplug it without turn it off first . we send it back to Amazon and get a replacement with no trouble at all . thanks , Amazon . we second cooker have be go strong since the end of August 2009 . it be super easy to clean and it always produce the best , most fluffy , steam pile of rice . it be a great machine . we have use it almost daily and it always do its job . it be now well over fifty dollar cheaper than what we buy it for in August 2009 . wow , price sure do come down . we have always turn the rice cooker off before unplug it . since do that we have never have it get stick in keep warm mode . this be a superb little machine and we would recommend it to anyone .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be my first rice cooker and I love it ! it be so simple and make the best rice ever . mostly this device have make my life much simpler and I look forward to play with it and try new recipe very soon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	+ lot -lrb- see below -rrb- - teflon pot it cook much more than rice : so far I try : buckwheat , quinoa , barley - on brown rice setting . millet porridge on porridge setting . not to mention that rice be always perfect . my only regret that it have this non stick teflon inner pot , and I be try to get rid of teflon in my household .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I read many review before purchase my first rice cooker . the Zojirushi rock ! it be unbelievable that I do not think to buy one earlier . I be buy one for my son as he head out off to he sophomore year of college . the only thing I do not like about it be that unless it be within a certain window of be do , I can not figure out when it will be do so I can time it to coincide with the rest of my dinner . the timer with the stay warm feature be a huge plus for coordinate meal prep around work and kid ' activity .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the black interior make wash very easy . cook and re-heat rice great . we have not try the steamer function .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this work for less than a month . I would not buy another one of these . sure hope B&D; improve this product line .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be to Japan many time . the secret to authentic white or japanese white rice be quality rice and as my japanese friend say `` you must wash you rice at least 6 -7 time before you cook it '' . now here be the secret . put the rice in the bowl and fill half full with fresh water then swish round a few seconds with very clean hand . you will see the water turn the color of milk ! pour off milky color water and repeat at least 5-6 more time till water run mostly clear . you will see you will get much nicer and more authentic rice . so enjoy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker in order to try a rice cooker . I would hear that if you want to cook rice , this be the way to do it . for the price , I feel I could try it . I will never cook rice in anything but a rice cooker again . in fact , I would love to get one that cook larger portion as the 3-cup be not large enough for my family . have you ever try to cook brown rice ? it be almost impossible , and take at least two hour on the stove in order to get right . with the rice cooker , it be a quarter the time , and come out perfect ! there be still slight difference between brown and white rice once cook , but no longer be I plague with a hard lump of brown rice . in the rice cooker , it come out nice , fluffy , and delicious . Eating healthier be no longer a chore or a discomfort . I have also cook quinoa in the rice cooker . it also come out perfect - fluffy and delicious , with little work from I ! sometimes my husband stay at work longer than intend . dinner will be ready anywhere from a half hour to a hour and a half before he get home . I have not try longer , but even with that long , if you keep the cooker on the warm setting and keep the lid on , it remain just as if it finish cooking . it do not dry out . there be no need to cook more rice for he .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have food at the Church I attend quiet often , I buy this rice cooker for that purpose . we have a lenten soup supper , threee of we cook rice I cook 14 cup of Texmati rice , all mine be eat . -lrb- they 's be not -rrb- Perfect first time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the aroma arc-998 8-cup rice cooker have make cooking rice easier than ever for I . I love rice and have recently get into indian Curry so I have be make a bit of rice lately . while make rice over the stove can be a quicker alternative to this rice cooker , the arc-998 have a no mess and simple one button solution to make delicious fluffy rice without worry about pot and spill over . the Rice Cooker use a simple digital interface to determine which kind of rice you plan to use . there be steam , White rice and brown Rice and a Warm\/Off button . depend on the mode you select determine how the cooker will steam\/cook you rice . set-up be incredibly easy . just add rice to the removable bowl , add water and put into the rice cooker . Press the corresponding button and walk away . when finish the cooker will sound a alarm before switch to warm mode to avoid over-cook the rice . depend on the amount of rice\/water you add to the pot determine how long it can take to make a batch . White Rice can take upward of 30-50min -lrb- 2-8 cup -rrb- and Brown can take upward of 1hr 40min - 2hr -lrb- 2-6 cup -rrb- as you can see brown take much longer than average with this cooker , and that be because of how it handle the rice . it cook it longer and slower due to the rice be heavier . as a RICE COOKER the arc-998 might be a little slow compare to other model but it do what it be suppose to do , and do it well . have make a few batch of rice already -lrb- brown rice -rrb- I only run into slight burning once . that occur for the rice that be directly over the heating element and be burnt prior to the device auto switching to the warm state . soak the rice like the instruction say get rid of the slight burning . however do not leave you rice on WARM for too long or it will begin to burn . every batch of rice that I make come out fluffy and delicious , the rice tasting far better than it do when make in a pot over a stove . the steam process bring out the flavor I think . as a steamer the arc-998 be sub-par at best . while it can be use as a steamer it really do not do a good job when compare to a actual steamer . if you try to steam with rice forget about it . you rice will be do far before the food . if you wish to steam food by itself it do a much better job , but do not be shock if you might have to run it through the steamer process again for another 5-10 minute . OVERALL in the end this be a great rice cooker . it have white and brown rice option but can handle a wide variety of rice from the Long and Short grain family . it be a very simple rice cooker that get the job do , and do so be quiet and clean . the steam option be sub-par in my opinion , but for the price the aroma arc-998 be worth the investment . 5 star ! pro + simple setup + cook rice perfectly no matter how much you put in -lrb- anywhere from 2cup to 8cup -rrb- + condensation collector to avoid get that rice grime put into the air + no mess design -lrb- no spill over -rrb- + optional ability to be a steamer con - steamer option not the best solution - Hinged Lid make clean the grime that build up on the lid difficult at time - longer than average cook time \* note : comment section will list cooking times\/measurements for White and Brown rice
RiceCooker	NEG	1	somewhere in all the research I do I must have miss the part where they say this rice cooker be go to work well . we only cook whole grain rice and the brown rice I make be worse than wallpaper paste . never see such a gluey , nasty mess in my life . the direction for this be dodgy at best . somewhere I also get the impression that this be go to be a fabulous improvement on cooking rice the regular way . no one mention that it take twice as long . maybe this be a good product if you be cooking white rice , but if you plan to use it for whole grain and brown rice do not waste you time . I 'll be go back to my regular steamer with it be rice insert . that be not great either , but way better than this . on my way to return this now .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have a big rice cooker and do love it . I have have it for year . but ... it be huge and mean for substantial pot of rice . when cook a smaller portion it do not do as well and I can wind up with yucky rice . enter my search for a smaller version . this aroma cooker have many virtue and so far , not a single drawback when use properly . depend on the type of rice you like or be use that day , the function will vary somewhat . when use Jasmine rice , rinse it once or twice and you can cook almost the full 3 cup of dry rice for a hefty 6 cup of finish rice . when use Nishiki rice , rinse once and it will come out nice and sticky for sushi making . for other rice , you 'll often need to rinse twice to reduce the foam create inside the cooker and prevent some of it come out the top . steam do come out the top from the steam vent . but it be suppose to and if it do not , you would not get the same effect from the cooking process . very important so do not stop it up . just be careful not to rest you hand over the hole and no problem should be encouter . the steamer attachment be awesome ! I use it for edamame and it come out perfect . I plan on use it often . it be best suit for modest portion , however , so probably not a good choice for a veggie loving family who want to do hefty portion for more than 2 people . the only caution I have be that when the rice be do , be sure to be handy in order to fluff and serve or at least remove the heat . it will quickly brown the rice a bit on the bottom if leave on the heat after it be do .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I first buy a cheap-o cooker from target and it be junk . burn the first batch of rice . drop it in the recycle bin and start my research and even think the price be far more than what I have pay for the cheap-o from target , I absolutely do not regret it . Perfect brown rice ever time ... well worth the price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the first rice cooker that I have own , so I do not have anything to compare with . however , this be easy to use and do a wonderful job in cooking rice -- perfect every time . when I first receive it , I have several question so I call the 1-800 number and the representative be friendly and helpful in fully answer my question . I would not hesitate in purchase another aroma product or recommend one to a friend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	use it all the time , love it . motivate to get one for everyone i know it be so incredible . easy clean up too . this be the best cooker\/warmer ever !!! i will not go without one of these in my life ever again . get one !!
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be so easy to use ! my new favorite food be lintel and rice . feed two people perfectly ! or one person for a few day ! simple and small and Easy to clean ! get it !
RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy this several year ago from the Amazon Warehouse deal . it really be great . it cook rice perfectly . I have cook both white and brown rice , and also use it for some recipe I find online . with the programming , you can also use it as a slow cooker . my only complaint be the manual -- it be hard to understand .
RiceCooker	POS	4	after both older boy move out we do not need a large rice cooker and give this one a try , we be glad we do cook rice fast with out burn the bottom like other small rice cooker , and also cook the rice perfect . this unit be not make to cook american minute rice .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I be still work on figure out the direction . my guess be they be originally write in japanese . the machine be not `` intuitive '' so I be not use it much .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker and have use it to cook western style white rice , brown rice , indian Basamati rice , Jasmine rice , and other asian rice , and even so-called `` Wild Rice '' and a few other and never have the burning problem other have note . sound like they be not use enough water . I do not usually need to stir it after boil start either . the glass cover make it easy to check on thing without removng the cover -lrb- and change the cooking cycle -rrb- ; it do not really seem to make much difference . it can not be beat for $ 15 and be perfect for one or two people . the con be that it do not have a timer and you must unplug it to stop the keep warm . you can scoop the rice out of the pot or easily remove the port though there be no handle on the pot so you need a couple pot holder to remove it . it shut itself off automatically if the pot we remove . cleanup could not be easier . the pot remove and wash up in soap and warm water . I have never have anything stick hard enough to require scour . of course , I always clean or fill with water in the sink after use it so it do not get a chance to glue itself to the pot . it also steam vegetable perfectly and , once again , the glass cover be a real plus . the cover fit well enough to keep the vapor in the pot . if you need more capacity , consider the 6 or 12 cup model but they have a metal cover . bottom line , the cooker be perfect for one or two people for all kind of rice and steam vegetable .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product work great i love it cook really fast i coudnt believe how fast it cook im go to get one for my daugther she want one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	any fuzzy logic rice cooker from Zojirushi be awesome . the most important thing in buy a rice cooker be not to buy one that look like a crock pot , as they have uneven heat and be very hard to get the water level correct on , result in soggy or crunchy or burned rice .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have be use the Zojirushi ns-vgc05 for about 2 month now and love this cooker . my family eat lot of rice and a good rice cooker be essential for we . I own a number of rice cooker in the past , some american brand like black Decker , Aroma , Tiger , some japanese brand like Hitachi , Panasonic , Sanyo but none come close to quality and performance of this one not to mention good look on the counter top . the job of a rice cooker be to cook delicious rice , I be satisfied with cook rice by this one and look like it will last for a quite some time . this be one pricey rice cooker , it cost twice much more than the other brand but it be worth my money . I do not like the fact that I can not change the battery myself and do not know what to do if the battery die ! for that reason , I take off 1 star . if you care about delicious rice , and a piece of good look appliance in you kitchen , this be the one .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a gift for a friend who use she old rice cooker til it die . she tell I it work great , nothing stick , and it look great too !
RiceCooker	POS	4	a great product for the price . it do the job smoothly . the reason I be not give 5 star be because it be not dishwasher save .
RiceCooker	POS	5	affordable and I be very satisfied with this product . I can bring it easily everywhere I go . do not know how long will it last work .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I give this nifty rice cooker 4 star because its expensive . I eat mostly a asian diet where most dish be serve with rice . after lose the battle to eat or not eat lower nutritional value white rice , I have to buy a brown rice cooker . do you know another benefit of eat brown rice be the extra fiber slow down the absorption of carbohydrate mean you will not experience the blood-sugar drop that send you mind into eat like a pig tomorrow with never come . with that say the Zojirushi 3 cup do a fine job with cooking short grain brown rice . my cheap rice cooker do not have a longer cooking-time setting require to cook brown rice most cheap one do not . I live a speedy lifestyle . if this rice cooker could cook short grain brown rice in 30 minute instead of 1 hour 20 minute , I would of pay twice as much . otherwise , this handy appliance be cute and functional . as long as it do not break . I be sure I 'll get my money worth . I 'll definitely get my money 's worth if I drop ten pound because I switch to brown rice : - p
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be wonderful . you throw in the rice some water and forget about it . then in about a hour you have great rice . also have a delay timer and will keep the rice warm for hour . it sing ` twinkle twinkle little star ' when its do . very convenient
RiceCooker	POS	5	review be true , this cooker make fine rice . the design and construction be first rate . I think the tactile feedback of the control , carry handle , cooking pot and paddle be a pleasure . the retractable cord and folding handle make storage easy . the maker even give you the choice of attach the paddle holder to the left or right side of the cooker . nice job Zojirushi .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have never purchase a Black & Decker rice cooker before . I usually buy Oster which be a durable \/ recognize brand , but I must say this be not a bad choice . it cook the rice very smoothly and it be definitely small -lrb- not exactly 3 cup - maybe 2.5 cup of uncooked rice -rrb- . the teflon be nice but you must take care of it when wash the pot and use the plastic paddle that come with it , otherwise it would peel very quickly . also , a little bit of oil and salt always help to prevent the rice from stick at the bottom of the pot . I give it 4 star for the size ... so far it seem to be work fine with no burnt-smell .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a product of great value . my friend buy it first for cooking rice to go with chicken curry -lrb- these two go perfect with each other -rrb- . I follow he and get this 3 cup uncooked yield 6 cup cook rice cooker . at first I think it be a little bit small , however , it be totally enough for one person or two . I cook every dinner with 2\/3 cup of uncooked rice , and still have left-over the next day for my lunch , so it be approximately 1\/3 cup of uncooked rice for one meal for a girl . just do not follow the rice to water ratio in the instruction , u should always get a little less water than it require , otherwise the rice will be a little bit too mushy . Trust I , I be asian so I be really good at cooking rice : p and I also use it to cook quinoa which be even healthier than rice , just use the same solid to liquid ratio for cooking rice and it go well with cook black bean and cilantro . I even try to use it for hotpot , it work not perfect but still do the work .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I grow up with rice cooker that do a poor job . so when my neice want one I try to buy a good one . so far , happy report of good rice , no boil over and easy for a single mom , five in house to feed , to use and clean . what else do we need ?
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love it love it love it ! I steam veggy daily , I steam hard boil -lrb- steam -rrb- egg in the shell . steam rice and meat and veggy all at one time . I would not hesitate to buy one again . I recommend this to everyone . God Bless
RiceCooker	NEG	1	worst I have ever have . I know its cheap so my expectation be low but when it overflow even when u make a small amount of rice and it stick to the bottom be just ridiculous . and then the rice be souplike and inedible even though i do what the direction say .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I like almost everything about the product , except the lid . if it be removable lid , it will be perfect . however , this rice cooker be work well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	great little rice cooker , perfect for one or two people , foolproof rice , buy it and work great stright out of the box .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we receive this cooker from a friend when she family outgrow it . since 3 of we 4 kid be still small , it work for we . when we outgrow it , we will most certainly be get a larger one . I be usually not a one-use-appliance kind of person , but this take one huge task off my mind and let I concentrate on other thing while make dinner . 3 small kid = lot of distraction ! it do make a bit of a mess when the water boil and come out of the hole on the lid , but it be typically very easy to clean up -lrb- wipe the counter , throw the lid in the dishwasher . -rrb- I tend to buy the large bag of rice and store the scoop right in the bag so I know where it be . if you be try to decide whether or not you will use a rice maker , this be the perfect model to try with . I have also take my homemade spanish Rice recipe , dump it all in the bowl , give it a stir and let it cook . turn out perfectly .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this this rice cooker a month ago . it be be work very well . I like its not sticky at all and all the functionality . however , the clock may slow down once in a while . overall , it be really worth the money !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a steamer and rice cooker , can you say more . I have use it everyday since I buy it and you do not even need sauce for the rice with this cooker because it be so tasty .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this because I have a rice cooker before that be great for my family and since its just I and the cat these day this little rice cooker be just perfect . it be quick and make nice rice , I may try it with a little less water next time to make a firmer rice for fried rice . I like that it heat up other `` stuff '' too .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be for my wife and I , it work great and cook small amount of rice for 2 or 3 people . very satisfy with my purchase , even buy one as a gift !
RiceCooker	POS	5	extremely cost effective ! I be go to purchase the name brand expensive version . take a chance on this Sanyo and be very pleasantly suprised . cook just like advertise , perfect rice everytime I have use it -lrb- almost every-other day now -rrb- . the program unit be easy to read and use , quick and flawless . I recommend look at this less expensive alternative before purchase other brand . nice cooker !! this be from a guy who hate -lrb- past tense -rrb- to cook because I be goof these dish up . no more ! very please with this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	just get and use once ... rice be a little too mushy . will try a little less water otherwise I like it . just wish it have remain time on the clock . would be better to schedule dinner around know when rice be do .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great rice cooker ? i have no messy spill like so many people be claim to have ? it look very well construct ? i recoment it if you live in a small house hold . i just cook for my self but its large enough to cook rice for I and my guest without have to make a second batch ? look sylish , perform as advertise , good price . . what else be important ? I read someone complaint that steam come out of the top of this cooker and they demand that no one else buy it ?? that seem so odd to I -lrb- for lack of a better term -rrb- this be a rice cooker not a crock pot ? if the steam do NOT escape then the excess water would never leave the pot after you rice be cook then you would have rice flavored goop ? so if you never have a rice cooker before and this be you first one then know this , during the last few minute of cook the very tiny hole in the top of the glass will vent the steam from excess water after you rice be full cook .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this Sanyo make the best rice we have ever have anywhere and we live in Asia for eight year . I realize that some reviewer have have problem with they unit but we be among the many who be able to plug it in , turn it on , and watch it produce perfect , very tasty , white or brown rice from the start . and cleanup take about 20 seconds . no frothy , starchy boil-over . just wipe out the titanium pot and you be ready for the next batch of rice .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	nice and compact . too much water drip from rid and you need to wipe it every time you open the warmer . older version of rice cooker\/warmer have little cup outside to receive warter but this one deposit warter around rim . Wish it have better way to receive escape warter .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have never own a rice cooker before so I find this wonderful . I just dump in the rice and water and then push a button and ta da ! it work great for my family of 4 - make just enough rice and be small enough that it do not take up a lot of space in my kitchen cabinet . however , like the one star review say , it do stick to the bottom -lrb- we just soak overnight after use -rrb- and probably do not produce the correct consistency for a rice connoisseur . but for a novice like I I find it a great addition to we kitchen !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker be the best rice cooker I have ever use . the little music tune when it start and finish make all the girl smile and the rice come out perfect everytime . the fuzzy logic timer let you plan meal on point and the pressurized lid keep it moist and hot until you want it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be expect a 16 cup cooker . I cook rice for my four big dog almost every day . the most i can cook in this cooker be 5 - and they be the smaller cup that i measure with the `` cup '' that come with the cooker . it do cook the rice well and my dog truly appreciate that o no longer burn the rice and my husband appreciate that i be no longer walk away from the pot i be try to get to a boil and than forget about it while it spill boil rice water all over the stove . he also appreciate the fact that he be not buy I a new pot to cook rice in every other week . the cooker have make my life easier . I put the rice and water in - turn it on and walk away . what a convenience ! it look good . it function well . my only objection be that it do not make 16 cup of rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Perfect for a small apartment . have a 5 1\/2 cup model that I never use because it be too much of a hassle to store . this little beauty fit on the counter or in a small kitchen cabinet ... and the black and stainless model look terrific in a granite and stainless kitchen . have use it daily since it arrive . make morning oatmeal , brown rice , mixed red and wild rice , and white rice with lentil -lrb- just toss half cup of lentil and some cumin in with white rice and up the water by half -rrb- . do need to experiment a bit with proportion for non-rice grain -lrb- i.e. full amount of water for one cup of oatmeal boil over ... cut amount next time -rrb- . Wish there be more good rice cooker recipe online . great gift for a college student , young couple , or older people live alone . 5 1\/2 cup size better for a larger family .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker and I do not really understand how I ever live without it . it be really easy to use . and the rice always come out perfectly . for a super fast meal , through in some veg in the steamer tray and I have get a complete meal . I be a little worried at first about the size , since I only cook for myself . but once I have rice , I find different way to eat it and I have never regret have a abundance of the stuff . definitely a win .
RiceCooker	POS	5	product make wonderful rice , much lighter than use the stove . read problem with these rice cooker boil over . I have only make upto 2 cup of brown rice , not 3 so I be not sure if make 3 cup would cause the water overflow people seem to have . it also steam vegtable , but this model seem small to bother with .
RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . Rice be cook just right every time . but that be what I expect this from this device . now for the unexpected : Eggs , soft boil and hard boil -lrb- steamed actually -rrb- come out perfectly . the timing on soft egg need to be adjust for desire consistency . just follow the direction for hard egg . the hard cook egg be easier to peel than boiled egg . another surprise be the perfect cooking of steel cut oats . since the oats be steam there be no danger of burning and stick to the cooking vessel . overall I be very pleased with this appliance and highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	we be not sure we need a rice steamer after make rice several time a week on the stove top for 47 year , but we love it for white rice and be get use to it with brown . it be convenient and dependable .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the Black and Decker rice cooker be order for use in a food preparation laboratory . it be work well as we expect . it make perfect rice every time , which allow we to make we recipe quickly .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	we purchase this item but then find it to be not what we expect . this rice cooker make up to 16 cup . in other word you put in 7 cup of dry rice which end up make 16 cup . it say this in the description but title be just a little misleading . other than that , it be a rice cooker and work as such . I know I probably should not rate it on my human error of not read the full description but the title be a little misleading .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker arrive and nothing on it work ; no light , no menue , no clock ; nothing ! when plug in it seem that there be a master switch that be in the off position . we could not locate one and the manual make no mention of a switch . it be just dead . Amazon make it fairly easy to return and we appear to have receive a full refund . we do , however , decide to use another source to purchase a replacement .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be the first rice cooker I have ever own and so far it be great . if you follow the instruction that come with it the water do not boil over and make a huge mess . but I find if I try to steam vegetable while cooking rice at the same time -lrb- as I have be tell you can do -rrb- you need to add a bit more water than specify or the rice will burn a little on the very bottom . I do wish I have buy one with a timer so that I could set it up and leave it , however this one will switch from cooking to warm by itself . the only problem be that if you leave it for too long on `` Warming '' the rice will burn . but all-in-all this be a great product , especially for first time user like I .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be perfect for we family of 3 . we have own this product for 18 month now and have use it weekly . we have have no concern with the quality or the consistency of the cooker . I make all kind of rice in the cooker and it be quick , easy and fantastic . no problem at all from set up to clean up .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use this every day for about a month and it work perfectly with perfect rice every time . the really nice thing about it be that you can time the rice to be do at a certain time , so then you do not have to wait in order to soak the rice , you just fill up the cooker again after you finish the rice and time it to cook the next batch . it keep the rice warm automatically , and the warming feature work really well . I have keep rice warm for a full day , and it seem to stay nice . I recommend that you get a big bag of good quality rice like tamanishikus and have at it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this appliance make perfect rice every time ... it be a joy to use . I highly recommend it to everyone . Blah Blah Blah
RiceCooker	POS	4	UPDATE : get a replacement unit after the first one fail after the 1st use . I be also glad that I could exchange it through Amazon . the replacement rice maker have be work fine and make great rice . I do want this rice maker and so far I be glad that the new one be work well . the 1st unit have this problem : make great rice the 1st time but after first use it break . the button pop up prematurely on second use and go into warm mode . light go out half way through cooking . this be the same reliability problem that other be report here on Amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	although cooking rice in a pot on a range be easy , it require some attention . this machine , which be perfect for 1-4 serving of steamed rice , couscous , barley , or other cook grain , reduce the attention time to zero . although $ 100 seem like a lot , I be glad I decide to get it . it be a pleasure to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use this thing basically every day since I receive it -lrb- about 1 month ago -rrb- . it be perfect for serve 1 or 2 people . very reliable and easy to clean . accurate cooking and very convenient automatic shutoff as I often forget to check on what be cooking downstairs . unbeatable price . even if it be to break today I would order another .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the second Zojirushi rice maker I buy , both exactly the same . we use the first one infrequently at home in nc to make white rice in a little over a half hour , brown rice in closer to a hour and a half . although it work perfectly , I do not begin to use it nearly every day until I discover that I could download the lose instruction manual from the mfr to use the delay cooking function , and more importantly that on the `` porridge '' set it will make excellent irish oatmeal from scratch use the preset instruction . now , we use the preset button to have rice ready for dinner , and oatmeal reliably ready in the morning . take avge 30 seconds to set up , cook uniformly , without ever boil over . we buy another for we NYC pie a terre , now can plan and control breakfast at home . just the right amount for two people .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Ok , this be a awful lot to pay for make rice . but be prepare to start throw oatmeal at wedding after use this machine because rice will seem too good to just be throw at people . my house smell like nutty popcorn each time I make a batch of brown rice . the rice have a nice sticky quality that make use chop stick a viable option since you can actually get mouthful instead of clamp one grain at a time . if you reduce the amount of water to a little less than recommend the rice will be tender but not mealy . the timer be incredible and allow you to wake up to or come home to clean and delicious rice if that be you carbo of choice . and it should be !
RiceCooker	POS	5	Works great for I . I steam vegetable and rice at time . also I have hard boil egg in it . I use it about 3 time a week . look like a million dollar also . Easy clean too .
RiceCooker	POS	4	great compact unit which cook as little as 1\/2 cup of rice for congee -lrb- rice porridge -rrb- . non US resident should note that warranty do not extend beyond US or Canada . purchase of step down transformer for 240v country also essential . instruction be all in English so be easy to understand . timer capability be very easy to program and ensure freshly cook rice at a nominate time .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	read a lot of review about it die either after two week or six month . Mine last a year . in the middle of cooking grits , the switch pop from cook to warm , never to remain on cook again . so , as a eulogy , I would like to say we have good time . I would like to say I use it around 150 time . it do rice , oatmeal , grits , macaroni , spaghetti , shrimp , brussels sprout , broccoli , asparagus , textured vegetable protein , quinoa , all with pinache . with rice or oatmeal , it will shoot foamy water out the vent in the lid , but you can alleviate the problem by place the measure cup over the lid to catch the gunk . I cut the power cord and install a switch inline , pretty easy to do . leave it on low overnight will get you steel cut oats in the morning . can also plug it into a outlet timer for easy breakfast . I be really bum when it break and want to see if I could fix it , but it be hold together with some weird screw that be like a flathead but not . size be good for 2 , teflon stay intact , perfect for tight quarter . as cheap as it be , I would say I get good use out of it . I would have like to have pay more for a rice cooker that would not break . I would say this would be ideal for a dorm room , where there be no space , no money , and everything get throw out at the end of the year anyway .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	do what it be suppose to do for 2 month , then it stop work . I do not think rice cooker be suppose to break so quickly , so I would not buy this one again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I havnt try white rice yet but brown rice come out perfect . I even put to much liquid I think , and it still come out great . brown rice do take a long time in it but I dont mind since it come out so awesome . I add chicken broth instead of water and small diced chicken . the entire pot be go within 20 minute . when I try white rice I will add more to my review .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this cooker in the beginning of February 2011 after read many review because I want the perfect one that be within my budget . the cooker arrive quickly but the first time I try it out , it just work ok but it keep switch itself on to warm even though the rice be definitely not cook . I try turn it back onto cook but it would not let I do it so I add some water , mix the rice and close the lid , it then let I put it on cook . it do this a few time , in the end of a long wait , the rice be cook and taste pretty good . I try this cooker a few time and it do the same thing , so I contact amazon and return it for a exchange of the same machine . I think it might be defective and want to give it another chance . Amazon give I a prepaid return label for I to print out and I choose to have UPS come to my home to pick it up , Amazon send out a replacement . the UPS guy arrive around noon the follow day and pick up the return , about 10 minute later , Fed ex arrive with my replacement . I be impressed ! I immediately wash the inner bowl , steam tray , measure cup and spoon and put it to the test . I make a batch of rice , the minimum amount which be 2 cup raw rice , set my own timer and in exactly 20 minute , the rice be completely cook , nice and fluffy , it be perfect ! a lot of steam come out of the lid when I open it . I make more rice , this time make 3 cup and it cook in about 35 minute , the machine do need a little water add and mixed and back onto cook . this really work very well and I be very satisfied with it . no more cooking rice on the stove for I , I will recommend this rice cooker to anyone look for a good affordable machine . I have not yet use the veggie tray but will be try it out next .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have buy this rice cooker last week . since then we be cooking rice almost every day . try to use basmatus rice ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be make rice as I type this review . I have be through several steamer and have not find one to make as perfect rice as this one do . it be easy to measure and every pot I have make seem to come out perfect . thanks Sanyo !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this rice cooker a few month ago and be so far quite pleased . I use to cook rice only very rarely because it be a pain in the butt to do so on a stovetop -lrb- at least in my opinion it be -rrb- . now I cook rice and quinoa regularly and the result be always excellent . for white rice , this cooker do a amazing job with no thought whatsoever . for brown rice the result be a little trickier and seem to rely very heavily on the quality of the rice you use . the amount of water you use , to a very fine and surprising degree , also make a huge difference on the brown rice . water level be key with this , I have find . the instruction do state that one should vary the water level depend on the environment you live in and the moisture level of the rice you be cooking . I have find I actually have to consistently put less water than the measurement line call for , and it take I a little while to realize this . if you pay close attention , you 'll have no problem . I have find , like other reviewer have state , that -lrb- especially with brown rice -rrb- let the rice soak for awhile before cooking make a huge difference . if you have a regular schedule and can use the timer feature , that be a great idea . otherwise , if you be plan ahead -lrb- not my strong suit -rrb- then you can plan properly to build in soak time . once learn the in and out of this cooker -lrb- and it be really pretty straightforward -rrb- , it be easy to end up with amazing rice every time . this be my first rice cooker and I buy it on the recommendation of friend ... I now recommend it to you !
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I purchase it 2 month back . the description say 3 cup uncooked rice . but the size information seem to be misleading . the size be comparatevely smaller than what i have expect . you can not cook 3 cup full with the measure cup provide with the box . there be a mark in the cup to which you should fill . so the measurement of cooker be mislead . so I would suggest to go for a higher capacity cooker if you be look 3 cup of uncooked rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be the greatest contraption I have ever own . the many feature , especially the timer setting , make it convenient and easy for I to put the ingredient in before I leave for work and have they ready when I walk in the door . the cooking pot be non-stick , so it be extremely easy to clean . the rice cooker be easy to use , which be great , because we use it about 3 time a week !
RiceCooker	POS	5	Easy to use everyday . quick cleanup . Compact , do not occupy much counter space . look good .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I own two other rice cooker and this be the best and my favorite . I can not wait to make bread in it ! it be a small rice cooker that be perfect for a small family . add a bit more detail as of May 25 , 2009 - I really can not say enough about this rice cooker . I use it on a daily basis to make jasmine rice . my jasmine rice come out perfect on the quick cycle . try add a little bit of olive oil in with the rice before it begin boil . not too much . I have find just a little bit of olive oil give it a nice sheen and keep it from gum up and get too sticky . of course , sometimes sticky be good . especially when make korean bbq . yum !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have this product for less than a year and I go to cook rice one day and the cook lever would not stay down . it keep pop up like it do when the rice be do . . I be very dissapointed , usually Black & Decker product be good product , but not in this case . I be on here look for a new one , and I can guarantee it will not be Black & Decker
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker do everything you can ask for . it steam the rice perfect all while steam veggy or whatever else you can throw at it . we have be use it all the time and love it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	retractable cord be a plus . Easy to use and clean . very high build quality . Extra pan and lid liner , steamer tray include . I have mainly use this for rice and soft-boiled egg . I like be able to load rice in the morning and have hot rice ready when I get home from work . need to use the second pan and try some of the recipe in the cookbook . the excellent quality of this unit and the result with the rice , would probably push I purchase the Sanyo ecj-px50 pressure rice cooker available on Amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	do cooking in about 20 minute . when pack rice for Lunch it be easy to start cooking and go for bathing and come back to pack . sleek and good look , do not occupy much space . best value for the price and I get it with free shipping . go for it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be my first and be stupendous ! I use it at least once a week and it wonderfully cook the rice quickly and effortlessly . if you be someone who get rice stick to the bottom of you pan do it stovetop , and you love rice , treat yourself to this little honey of a device ! it make enough rice to eat for a couple of day if you so choose or enough for one meal . Perfect size , easy to store , clean , operate . I choose this one after read the review , and I have not have to put butter or oil - perfection every time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this for a friend . I think -lrb- at this price -rrb- it would have a stainless steel interior cooking bowl and interior . Poor assumption on my part . my friend will not eat from anything with a aluminum surface so I end up keep it for myself . the unit have a aluminum lid the bowl be aluminum that be coat with a non-stick surface inside and out . it be very easy to clean . it be a top quality unit no doubt . the interior bowl be mark for water level and you get a scoop with a prescribe size for the unit . I have cook white rice , brown rice and steel cut oatmeal in it . for my like the white rice need more water than the bowl measure request . my origional thought be the unit be too expensive for what it do but I like it very much . after one year of use , I can not say that there be another appliance that I have enjoy and get so much use out of . I be a fan of this appliance beyond word . the rice be always the same , perfect . I add a little extra water for my liking .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have own this ricemaker for over a year now and use it regularly . it be easy to use and make the most amazing brown rice . cleanup be a breaze . look forward to many more year of good use .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	have the rice cooker for maybe 3-4 week before it break on we , try another brand I have be let down by Black and Decker many time , no idea what it be they just become faulty too soon after purchase for my liking .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	inexpensive product . cook well for about one month . first gripe be that the cooker arrive with minor damage , the kind that be cause by Amazon shipping . the void space in the shipping box be fill with a small amount of paper , which do not protect the product . the spoon holder plastic loop be crack and there be a small ding in the inner pot . item be still functional and Amazon back the product and provide a discount . however , the product stop cook properly after about one month . spend the extra money for a better product and avoid aroma cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Perfect rice everytime , with the add delight of `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' when it set off for the cooking journey . it also make perfect hot cereal from steel-cut oats . I totally recommend this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be not good at make rice anymore on the stove . I use to be good at make it in the microwave , but lately I have lose my touch . everyone i know have a big rice cooker and they rice come out perfectly every time . I think I would take a chance and buy one . the review be pretty good overall and the price be reasonable so I take a chance and buy this one . I have use it a number of time and it make perfect rice every time . I try to use it as a steamer with the plastic insert , but I forget that pea fall through the opening , so they turn out boil instead . all the same , it work very well for rice . we do not eat rice every night so maybe that be why I be please with it . Works for my family .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my first batch of brown rice from this unit be a revelation . I have use other rice cooker and I simply do not know what I be miss . even my parrot love the stuff , they scarf down every grain I put in they foodbowl . I have try other type of rice with result I consider superior to restaurant rice , at least for the restaurant I have eat in . if you want to change you life through superior nutrition this be a big help . fit just about anywhere and be very easy to use . no con so far . -lrb- about a month . -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	I admit it - - despite be raise in Hawaii , I never have a rice cooker of my own before . I always want one , and for a number of reason I feel like treat myself to something luxurious and fabulous use my tax refund . so , after read the description of this rice cooker , I order it despite the ridiculously high price . it be great . all you do be measure the rice use they little measure cup and put it in the rice cooker , add water up to the line , push the button , and forget about it until you hear the little song that it play when the rice be do . I have be eat `` boil-in-the-bag '' rice but this be so much easier and definitely a huge step-up in quality of the cook rice . I be a single person and find that by cook the smallest amount I get one and a fourth cup of white rice , which be just right for I . this be produce by fill they measuring cup with rice up to the 1\/2 cup mark plus water up to the corresponding line on the bowl . the `` cup '' measure with they measure cup be not a full cup but some other unit of measurement . I probably eat rice twice as often now that I have the rice cooker because it be so easy to use . Rice come out perfectly every time , and clean-up be a breeze -lrb- though I do not see anything about dishwasher-safe , so I just clean the bowl and measure cup and spatula manually , but it hardly take any time at all -rrb- . I be retire so I have not try the timer , but that should be a great feature for work people who could come home to find warm , perfect rice do and wait for they . this rice cooker take up less room on my countertop than I have expect , and it look nice as you can tell . UPS delivery be fast and it arrive in perfect condition .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I only cook white rice so it be very good in what it be suppose to do for I . the rice be more fragrant than when I use some other ricecooker to cook it . also , it be nice to have the beep after the rice finish cooking . the rice paddle be provide with it so you do not really need to buy it separately . the cord be a little shorter than what I would have like but no big deal since I have a power socket right by where I be put it now .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we travel to England and Scotland from the US and the product work very well in 5 different hotel with no problem at all . it be small and light and perfect for travel . it do not heat up too much and we use it to cook rice and lentil with potato for we little daughter . we also carry a down converter to provide 110v require for this rice cooker . I rate this product as excellent for all traveler who want to stick to they specific diet .
RiceCooker	POS	5	great color , kinda red \/ burgandy . make up to 6 cup but we have to adjust the fluid level for different kind of rice -lrb- brown and white -rrb- experiment . the size be smaller than you think and fit on tight counter like ours .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be so good . I cook white and brown rice almost every day , sometimes I use it as a slow cooker . it be the first time I own a rice cooker with 2 inner pot , one for rice cooking and the other one be for slow cooking . it sound fun and be really worth the money . do not pay more than $ 200 for a rice cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I think it be expensive . now use it every day for over a month my view have change . Worth every cent . one of my best buy . the rice it make be restaurant quality . be good to yourself , buy it ... ... you deserve it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little machine make just the right amount for the two of we with a little left over for snack on later . we eat brown & wild rice mostly ; it cook perfectly every time , keep it warm & delicious for the duration of a meal & even much longer . I have not try any of the other cooking option yet -lrb- white rice , porridge -rrb- . it be also a snap to clean . bonus : look great on the counter , match my other stainless appliance !
RiceCooker	POS	5	really like the timer feature , which let you set the finishing time . Perfect right on time , every time . not sure if cheaper model do the same job , but I can definitely say that this one do it very well , and I be very satisfied .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the rice cooker work as advertise . it require nothing except put in rice and water , plug in , and rice come out few minute later . it have quite a large capacity , probably capable of handle up to 10 people 's dinner rice . I only use for two people , and it be slightly bigger than what I need . otherwise , it be a reliable product for a pretty cheap price .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the aroma arc-1266f be a great rice cooker for a quick meal . it may not have fuzzy logic like other more expensive rice cooker ; however for $ 30 you can make anything from rice to steamed vegetable and other `` 1 pot '' recipe .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great rice cooker for the price . I have use this product at least three time a week for the past month . it have be consistent in make tasty rice every time . I highly recommend it to everyone .
RiceCooker	POS	5	every morning before I leave for work I 'll set the timer for dinner around 7pm with a cup of brown rice . I get to come home to fresh , hot rice cook perfectly every time . definitely worth every penny . I have also use it to make sushi rice a couple time . Perfect and sticky . it clean up super easy , too .
RiceCooker	POS	5	good to cook . the rice taste better after use this rice cooker . but its a little bit large compare to my small kitchen .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this item do not include the steamer sit on the left of picure . the discription also state include a steamer , wrong the 737-1G have the steamer . it be a good rice cooker but for $ 5.00 more you can buy the one with the steamer .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this thing be the perfect size . it work wonderfully . it 'll make enough rice or steam enough veggy for at least two .
RiceCooker	POS	5	very pleased with the perfect rice this machine produce . the slow cooker option work very well also . this machine look great on the counter and do not take up much space .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker work great . only have it for a few week now , so do not know how long it will last , but it appear to be make well compare to some other brand I see in the store
RiceCooker	POS	5	the best Rice Cooker ... ... Zojirushi NS-LAC05XA Micom 3-Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer , Stainless Steel ... . I buy because of all the other Amazon review ! ~ ... it make perfect rice every time ! ~
RiceCooker	NEG	1	my friend recommend I to buy this rice cooker but the rice cooker break down just now . I buy it Dec 21 2011 ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great little rice cooker . Worth every penny ! a couple of cooking note . as someone who grow up on white rice , I find switching over to brown be difficult . I have spend the last few month wean off of it and as of right now I do a 1 to 5 white to brown ratio . for every one cup of cook rice , 4\/5 of it be brown medium grain and the remain 1\/5 be white . for this type of mixture I recommend use the brown rice setting . fill the water accord to the tick mark in the cooker pot . for medium grain , I fill it until the desire tick mark be submerge . -lrb- basically for 1 cup of rice , I fill the cooker just a hare over the 1 cup water mark . -rrb- for those who grow up on white rice , I strongly recommend wean yourself off of it by do a brown\/white mixture . increase the brown rice every 4 serving or so . this be the perfect machine to do it with . the rice cook perfect every single time once you get the water level right . -lrb- for I it take two mixed rice batch . -rrb- my biggest complaint use to be that brown rice taste awful compare to white rice . it take buy this rice cooker for I to realize that 90 % of the bad taste be because of how the brown rice be cook ! 10 % be still get use to the texture but get over 10 % be no big deal compare to the 90 % improvement in taste . do not bother look at other rice cooker . I look at 5 other rice cooker of similar spec -lrb- Sanyo , Black & Decker , Aroma , Oster , and Panasonic -rrb- and this one be by far worth more in price and quality .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Easy to use menu and high quality finish : this be a excellent rice cooker . it work as describe in the manual and produce cook rice , better than we expect . so far so reliable . I have use Sanyo product in the past and find very reliable . I expect this also should be the same -lrb- still use a couple of week -rrb- . one thought : why dont they manufacture `` similar '' rc with Stainless Steel cooking pot -lrb- I do not find any -lrb- similar -rrb- cooker with ss pot -lrb- not the outer cover -rrb- . -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Rice be cook just right . heavy duty bowl be impressive . small size be perfect for 1 or 2 people
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be awsome and worth buying . it be big enough for three person and cooking very fast -lrb- 30-40 minute -rrb- . the steamer be a little bit annoying . you can not cook rice and steam the vegetable at the same time .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	it do make very good rice , but take longer as other have state . we be asian and use it almost daily for close to 3 year and it be now break ... do not work . I think it may be because we be not too careful with clean it as I find burnt rice on the bottom of the cooker , so maybe it be due to that .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife be from China and be not happy with the way we cook rice in the microwave or stove top . after get the Zojirushi rice cooker , she say the rice be excellent . it also look very good sit on we counter top .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I give this product a year before I go out and get another black and Decker Handy Steamer to replace this . this rice cooker be really a rice `` boiler '' and it only cook small amount of white rice and spit starch out the hole in the top when it do . brown rice turn into crunchy inedible pellet or burn on the bottom . I could never figure out how to get the brown rice to cook for the length of time specify in the product manual because there be no timer feature on this and the product be somehow suppose to magically determine what kind of rice you be cooking . Wild rice be also inedible . the handle on the top be awkward to use with a potholder . get the Black and Decker Handy Steamer instead of this . Rice will come out very fluffy and moist and fully cook .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Perfect rice cooker for 2 retired people . Works as well as my larger one but with perfect smaller portion . no more waste !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be one of those people who believe in `` the less clutter , the better , '' so I be always loathe to purchase kitchen equipment that I might never use . I fear complicated and difficult-to-clean device in particular . in my house , thing that be not dishwasher safe go to Goodwill in a hurry . no part of the Zojirushi cooker be dishwasher safe , but that do not stop I from fall in love with it after the first batch of perfectly-cooked rice . unlike the pot I use to use to cook rice , this little machine 's solid non-stick coated bowl slough off any and all bit of rice with the lightest brush of my hand . it be a cinch to clean . handwash the rice cooker bowl take thirty seconds . that be less time than it use to take I to prewash\/scrub the pot I use to use to cook rice before put they in the dishwasher . what be more , the rice come out perfectly and evenly cook ; the machine play cute song when start and stop the cooking process , make cooking seem a little less awful -lrb- I hate cooking -rrb- ; the timer function mean I do not lose any sleep get fresh rice ready at 5 be when I pack my husband 's lunch ; and the mixed rice function let I throw in bit of chicken or other item to be cook at the same time . I could not be happier with this rice cooker and would recommend it to anyone who be consider a small cooker for they own family .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice make so I can not compare it to other , but it work great . it make it so easy to make great rice . not only do it do it for you while you attend to other task , but it do it just right . not to dry , not to wet . I highly recommend this product if you use rice in you menu .
RiceCooker	POS	4	like the color ; the bright red match the rest of my kitchen stuff . and it be just the right size for two people . not for more people . get something else if you require a rice cooker for larger gathering .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I never review product , but with this , I just have to . I be a non-cook and purchase this for three simple thing . steel cut oatmeal , brown rice , and perfect hard cook egg . this rice cooker do not dissapoint . its easy to use . clean up be a snap . I will never have to throw out egg again , because of my fail cooking skill . it will only do a small serve of the steel cut oats . half a cup of oats and two cup of water on the porridge set overnight . a batch bigger than that and it will boil over . so if you need more oats than that the bigger model may be best . Quinoa come out perfect also , use the white rice setting and the measurement and direction on the quinoa bag\/box . just do not add more liquid than the highest white rice line in the bowl , again boilover issue . my only small wish , be that the end of cycle timer be a little louder , if you be not right there with it , you may not hear it . definately five star , I would rate it higher if I could .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a perfect rice cooker for my home , since we eat a lot of rice . very efficient and elegant style . can also steam veggy while cooking rice , so serve dual purpose . great buy for the price it be offer !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best thing ever , WE MADE SUSHI and the RICE come out perfect and so do the sushi , it be everthe they say it be and more we steam vegtable with fish in it and it be great . thank you .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	let 's keep this brief . I use it 5 time , and it break . I miss the return window . at least Amazon be nice enough to give I a credit for the future . I rarely leave bad review , but this really stunk . I would say to spend a little more and get something that have a little better quality . Zojirushi , for example , would never break . Oster be just lucky I live in LA and recently give up carb , or I would probably be more piss .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a very nice rice cooker and a excellent value . unlike other rice cooker in the same price range , this cooker do as well with jasmine , calrose , basmatus and brown rice as it do with white rice . no one like mushy or crunchy rice , especially kitchen monkey boy . not a problem with this cooker . it be definitely not the same quality as the high end cooker , but hey , you do not pay $ 200 for it either . shut up and eat you nummy rice ! kitchen monkey boy give it 4 banana .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	not much to say about this one ... it make rice . it also make one heck of a mess . the steam outlet on the lid like to spew starchy water in about a 8 '' cone in front of the appliance , make cleanup a nightmare .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker replace the National fuzzy logic that I have use at least 3-4 time a week for 5 year . with all the new rice cooker on the market it be hard to find one that have the feature that I want , without a bunch that I do not need . I really do not need to bake a cake in my rice cooker !! what I use the most be the slow cooker option and the rice option . I mostly make short grain brown rice and this model cook it much faster than my old National . I also love that this cooker come with a extra pan and lid for the slow cooker ... which make it a great value . if it be important for you to know the length of the cook cycle , I suggest that you time they the first time you use they because the instruction booklet do not give the time for the cycle . my old National would show the length of the cycle when you start each cycle , i.e. when use the regular cycle it would show 43 minute on the clock . this cooker only show the time leave when it get down around 15 minute . the brown rice cycle cook in 75 minute . I cook quinoa on the quick cycle the other day and it be do in approximately 30 minute . another option I like on this model compare to the National be that , so far , the lid be easier to clean . the national use to bubble up through the steam vent and make a mess that be not easy to clean from the rubber gasket , but the Sanyo do not do that and the lid barely need to be wash after cook a batch of rice . I wish these type of cooker would make removable upper lid so that they could be keep cleaner . I also love that this model have the slow cooker and that there be both high and low slow cook cycle . this cooker be just right for a small family or couple , but if you generally cook for more than 3 people , I would recommend the larger model . I can make enough soup for 4 people if bread and salad be serve , but it may only serve several people if they have large appetite . it definitely do not have enough room in the slow cooker to do large roast . great value , great cooker , I highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the cooker seem completely top notch . the only problem , and I consider it a significant problem , be the translate owner 's manual for we who speak English . I do not know , but translation into whatever other language use the symbol\/script character in write -lrb- japanese ? korean ? -rrb- may have a somewhat fractured translation as well . I can see no excuse for the translate owner 's manual to not have be revise into a more clear translation , because the email customer relation promotional thing I receive from Zojirushi seem to have be write by someone who speak clear English as they native tongue . do not get I wrong . I have nothing at all against asian people , really , not a thing , but the owner 's manual for any product should be immediately clear to someone who have never own or operate the product at this quality bracket .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be look around for a rice cooker that make good sushi rice . I love sushi , but have be try to make it at home to save money . my husband get I this as a Christmas gift and I just try it last night . it make perfect sushi rice ! I have be make sushi rice on the stove and have never be able to get it to the right consistency . this turn out perfect with little effort on my part . hopefully it last a long time . I 'll have to update my review if it do not hold up .
RiceCooker	POS	4	after read other review before purchase I learn I should follow the cooking direction on the rice package , not the recipe book . I have success with white and brown rice . for fluffy rice be sure to stir with the provide paddle at end of cooking , before leave the rice to stay warm . Wash brown rice to avoid the boil over that can occur , which be messy to clean up ! I cook less rice than this cooker claim to be able to cook . I do not think you could successfully cook the capacity claim without boil over . I love that everything go in the dishwasher for easy clean up .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker cook brown rice so well ! I do not need to pre soak they at all . I just put they in and they become so soft and sticky . I love this rice cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and I become busy recently and decide it be time to finally get a rice cooker to save some time in the kitchen . we buy a cheap old-school rice cooker and the rice would scorch , water would boil out of lid , and the rice be worse than cook the rice on the stove top . then we decide to invest in a good rice cooker . the Zojirushi ns-lac05 be everything we hope for and more . we want a rice cooker that would make great rice , that could handle smaller amount of rice , that have a timer , and could handle a variety of different rice . this rice cooker be a dream . - it be attractive . we have already receive compliment from guest . - its footprint be very reasonable for a small kitchen . - with a thick , stick proof bowl the rice do not burn to any spot and clean up be simple . - it easily make rice for 2 adult -lrb- 1.5 of the `` cup '' for we -rrb- but could handle 4 adult -lrb- 3 `` cup '' -rrb- with normal eating habit . note : the cup be not full size cup of rice . - it do a great job on a variety of rice ; there be different setting for different rice and the measurement marking appear correct for different rice . so far we have try long grain brown , medium grain brown , sushi , jasmine , white basmatus , brown basmatus , and brown\/white mix . we have not have a bad batch of rice . - the computer 's fuzzy logic algorithm -lrb- i.e. `` Micom Neuro Fuzzy '' -rrb- constantly adjust the temperature so the rice come out perfect every time . I also think the cooker start out at a low temperature and gradually step up the heat but I be not 100 % sure . - the heavy bowl seem to distribute heat perfectly and there be no scorched rice or crust attach to the bowl . - the timer be convenient for set the rice to be complete at a specific time , at which point it keep you rice warm . we have find it complete cooking within a minute or two of the timer setting . there be two timer setting that you can adjust ... presumably so you could have you rice prepare for breakfast & dinner in Japan . - the retractable cord be a nice feature . - there be even a little holder for the include rice paddle that attach to the side of the cooker . we have even use it to make Polenta . just use 1 zojirushi-cup of corn grits , chicken broth up to 2-cup brown rice mark , and cook use the white rice setting . when it be do , put the mixture in a bowl and let it cool to room temperature . I would highly recommend this rice cooker . it be probably not big enough for a big family but for a single person , a couple , or a small family it will probably fit the bill perfectly . I can not over-emphasize the quality of rice the cooker produce ... it be like a dream have rice as good or better than a restaurant at home . we probably eat grain cook in this machine 6-7 night a week . once you switch to this Zojirushi you 'll never want to go back to you old way .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I recently purchase this very rice cooker . with as much Hanmi steam rice that I eat , I easily justify the expense . incidentally , I find the lowest price right here at Amazon.com - simply could not beat it ! this unit be one amazing little computerized cooker . I do not think it would be possible to have the restaurant quality rice at home . on my first try , the rice be even better than that ! what a delight to have it come out so beautifully cook and ready to be serve . I simply can not emphasize how pleased and impressed I be with Zojirushi . simply the best ! regards , Randy S. www.lovethatkimchi.com
RiceCooker	POS	5	much good for both white and brown rice . metal surface be easy to clean . no visible steam no noise , very quiet . Amazon also do good job on shipment , very fast after order . the only thing not satisfied be little more expensive , but worth to get one . my family love it very much .
RiceCooker	POS	5	make great rice and bread . Wish the buzzer be louder but otherwise its easy to clean and easy to use . non-stick make it easy to clean . bread size that come out be kinda small for slice loaf but if you slice it horizontally its ok . I have make rye and herb bread mix in it and both come out great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great rice cooker ! it be actually smaller than I think it would be too , which be a good thing ! my boyfriend and I have use it to make different amount of rice and typically will have pot sticker in the steamer basket . we have never have any problem with it spit up starchy mess everywhere . why ? because we rinse we rice ! you have to thoroughly rinse the starch off the rice or you 'll end up with gummy rice and a mess on you counter . if you rinse it till the water be just slightly cloudy-clear you 'll be just fine ! do not let the mixed review affect you decision on this really great rice cooker . it do it be job very well ! \*\* update 3\/22\/12 \*\* this rice cooker still work amazing . we use it about once a month or so and still have have zero problem . as another reviewer say - the bottom of the rice do get a little brown , but it really be tasty ! we love this product .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a good cooker for small amount of rice . 1 or 2 cup uncooked rice be perfect for this cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	4	for a inexpensive rice cooker , this appliance work very well . Rice come out just right . we have not try the steamer though .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I do notice in other review that this 3 - `` Cup '' rice cooker refer to a cup that be not actually a cup . turn out that it be 3\/4 of a cup . also to cook brown rice you be restricted to just 2 `` cup '' which be actually then just one and 1\/2 of a cup , which I be sorry to say be not a lot . I be also unhappy to learn that there be no setting for sticky rice . it do make great rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	purchase this item almost a year ago . use it probably once a week and have never have a bad batch of rice . the key be to rinse the rice thoroughly before cooking . brown rice take longer so plan ahead . I have purchase a second cooker for my son and he love it also .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have to have a great rice cooker . not just one of those cheap one with the glass lid that almost no one in Asia have anymore , but a fancy , computerized one . so when I see this rice cooker on Amazon and see that it have a separate pot for steaming\/slow cooking , I be sell . I actually have my eye on a 5.5 cup Zojirushi cooker before , but the feature -lrb- compare to this Sanyo one -rrb- just do not compare or justify the price difference . Have have this cooker for about three month now , and have use it at least once a week -lrb- some week more , some week less ... it vary due to my schedule and pantry item -rrb- . Rice come out cleanly and evenly-cooked every time -lrb- even if I add too little or too much water -rrb- . I have be cooking jasmine rice and brown rice in here , and have be able to keep both jasmine and brown rice in the fridge for up to five day without it spoil and get too hard to eat -lrb- especially for fried rice -rrb- . I have also steamed dumpling in it , and the only complaint I have regard that be that I wish there be a better steam tray for this unit . the steam tray that come with this cooker have concave dip in it to accommodate 8 egg , and that get slightly annoying , but only from a aesthetic point of view . not really a dealbreaker ! the recipe booklet that come with this cooker have some great recipe idea . I have only try the beef rice jook recipe so far . it be a bit on the thick side -lrb- like the consistency of REALLY thick oatmeal -rrb- , but it at least give you a start point to tweak the recipe to you liking on some popular asian -lrb- mainly chinese -rrb- dish . timer function be great , if a bit confusing to remember the first few time , along with the 12-hour warming function -lrb- though I have never have to use the warming function for longer than a hour so far -rrb- . no warming function for rice porridge , but if you turn the unit off and then back on again , it will automatically stay on `` warm '' . the noise that this unit make when you food be do be also not the usual somewhat-annoying , very cheesy musical tune that a lot of other fancy rice cooker have . it be just a standard beeping noise , and not too annoying or long . overall , I could not be happier with this cooker . if I can find a better steam tray so that I can maybe steam some meal with my rice , I would be in heaven . this cooker definitely have the potential to do it all .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be great ! it be small and easy to store . the rice come out tender every time . very easy to use .
RiceCooker	POS	4	we love this rice cooker , it be not so large and perfect for the two of we . do fair job of brown rice if you let it soak for a while first . I recommend this rice cooker for a family of two or three .
RiceCooker	POS	5	just get this today and cook white rice ! it taste just like it would in a resuraunt ! i heard you can make soup and such so i be very excite .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this crock pot be a great buy !! it be bargain price , it be very sleek look and I love that it have both brown and white rice setting .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker on one of the lightning deal from Amazon , but after use it , would pay triple if I ever have to replace it . it be a tiny rice cooker , but it be perfect for multiple type of rice , quinoa and oatmeal . I use the cooker every morning to make a single serve of oatmeal . the device be really a set-and-go sort of thing , and automatically shut off when the rice or grain be 15 minute from be ready . as I say in the title for this review , I be guess this be go to be my best purchase of 2011 .
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you buy or have buy this machine , than you my friend have arrive . this little machine be the ultimate in rice and steam cooking , basically whatever you want it to do within 30 minute and its do . I personally like make my crushed red pepper chicken with rice . have fun with this , its simply perfect .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it be awfully slow . when I first purchase it , it be take 25 minute to cook 3 cup of rice . after 2-3 month , now it take more than 45 minute . I see something like a rust formation in the hot plate . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Works as promise , cook excellent rice within 40-50 minute . Easy to clean and a breeze to control the menu .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have own this make and model of rice cooker for almost 3 year . I do a tremendous amount of research before request it as holiday gift , and be still thrill with my present . this rice cooker get fairly regular use , and do a fantastic job every time at make rice . it still look brand new , and I have have no issue with any of the part , the teflon coated bowl have no sign of scratch , chip or wear . this cooker be dead easy to use , require only two button for everything but the time cook function . I almost always rinse my rice before cooking - the rice have a gluey - starchy - pasty-ness otherwise . to rinse my rice , I just place it in the cooking bowl add water , swish it around with my finger , and gently tip off the cloudy water a couple of time . one the rice be rinse , just add fresh water until it be up to but not over the correct line inside the bowl . put the bowl back in the cooker , push the menu button until the triangle point to the same setting as the line you fill the bowl to , then press start . I can not imagine a way of make it any easier . it be worth note that it do take longer to cook rice in the rice cooker - maybe 1 hour for white rice on the basic setting , as oppose to `` 20 minute on the stove '' -lrb- which always take closer to 30-40 minute on my stove . -rrb- but , I just start the rice before begin any prep-work for the rest of the meal . even for a basic stir-fry or curry , by the time I have assemble all of the ingredient , prep they , then cook they , plain white rice be always perfectly cook and on the hold warm setting no matter if I use the quick cook or the regular white setting . I appreciate not have to babysit the rice while cook the rest of my meal . I have have perfect result with every rice I have use - calrose -lrb- use the sushi rice setting -rrb- , jasmine , all of the Lundberg variety and blend -lrb- use the brown rice setting -rrb- , black japonica , mahogany , etc. . the only rice that have not meet my standard have be the Himalaya brand basmatus -lrb- other basmati have be fine . -rrb- it have the unpleasant consistency , texture and taste of convert rice or boil-in-bag rice , cook the same rice on the stovetop result in a similar taste and texture , but the consistency be slightly improve . other thing worth note - this be the perfect size for a family of 2 . when use the porridge setting , the porridge thicken considerably on stand to the consistency of risotto -lrb- but the texture be totally different -rrb- it be best to serve immediately at the end of the porridge cycle -lrb- unless you like the thicker consistency . -rrb- if you be use a rice blend , look at the package instruction - if it say to cook for 40 + minute then use the brown rice setting . short grain white rice that be shape like a tear drop cook best on the sushi rice setting . do not lose the instruction manual , you 'll want it handy the first few time you use the time cooking function . in short , this be the absolute best appliance I have ever have . I be impressed with the quality and durability , and be please with how it have continue to deliver perfectly cook rice for nearly 3 year with no sign of wear .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be seriously the best rice cooker I have ever see . it seal when you close it so it do not make a mess . I have use it on all kind of different rice and it make they perfectly every single time and do not burn even one grain of rice . I love the little attachment to hold the rice spoon thingie . buy this if you be look for a rice cooker , you will not regret it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and I want to cook brown rice for we kid but never have the time . we buy it as a Christmas present to ourselves and we could not be happier . we be in love with the ease of the programing mode , we get perfect rice right on time all we have to do be remember to set it up in the morning before we go to work . we kid love the brown rice and the song that the cooker play when it be finish ! clean up be really easy can not say enough about how great this rice cooker be .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this 2 1\/2 yr ago base on good review . now the non-stick coating start to peel off . I have handle it with tlc all the while . I have use many rice cooker before . after 5 or 6 year , they will have some kind of discolor at bottom of inner pot , but never the peel . and they be 1\/4 of the price I pay for this Sanyo product .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I purchase this rice cooker about a year ago and have be amaze with the result . I have use it to prepare brown , wild , long and short grain white rice , and it have perfectly cook they all . I also frequently use the timer function to have steel cut oats ready for my breakfast . I generally avoid non-stick cookware because I like have pan that I know will last I a lifetime , but it be pretty much impossible to find a good quality rice maker , this small , that be not non-stick . I go ahead and buy it because I figure at the price I pay it would probably be high quality and last for a long time . a year later and the nonstick coating -lrb- teflon ? -rrb- start to blister and peel . luckily it happen right before the one year warrenty period end . I contact Zojirushi and find they to be very friendly and helpful . after inspect the pan I ship they -lrb- at my cost -rrb- for physical damage , they replace it free of charge . the entire process only take two week , so I do not have to go very long cooking rice by hand . I be hopeful that this pan will hold up longer , but Zojirushi do sell replacement pan for about 20 dollar . despite the issue with the teflon I would still recommend this product to anyone look for a small cooker that prepare perfectly cook rice .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	THIS ITEM WAS ONLY A BABY RICE COOKER for one portion not what I be LOOKING for RETURNED for REFUND PLUS AMERICAN VOLTAGE no use for UK
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be perfect for one meal for two people , or for one person , with leftovers . I can not cook to save my life , but the rice have be perfect every time I have use this . I would give it 5 star if it have a longer cord -lrb- the cord be very short -rrb- and a on-off switch , tho -- it be incredibly annoying to have to keep plug & unplug it ... but in general , work great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . I can not say enough good about it . I would recommend this product to anyone . this be a first rate product . it be worth the money .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I almost do not buy this rice cooker because of the review I read here ... ... but I do get it ... as I like the fact that the lid be separate and can be put in the dishwasher ... I make rice in it and it come out perfect . I have no sticking on the bottom at all ... . . just follow direction and stir rice after 15 minute ... . . then forget it ... . I use 2 cup rice and four cup water ... salt and spray the bottom with a little pam ... . perfect ... I cook a lot of rice as I add it to my dogfood ... with can and dry ... and we eat rice at least once a week ... so buy it ... it be a great price ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I really love this rice cooker . I order another after mine get beat up in a move , because I could not imagine life without it . I will not lie , I be a great cook . but for some reason , I can never seem to cook rice correctly . it always come out burnt or mushy , or I forget to make it for my chinese food altogether . this little rice cooker be TINY , so I do not mind leave it out on the counter all the time . for I and my bf , it make plenty of rice , and then some . I just pour in my rice , water and some salt , push the button and forget about it , and a little while later I have perfectly cook rice ! I have not try the little steamer tray that come with everything , but it do come with it . probably could not hold much more than a cup of veggy . the only con I can think of be that the lid can get pretty messy with the steam and froth bubble out the top , but it be easy to clean , along with the bowl . so convenient and cute ! great for 2-3 , maybe 4 people , probably not suitable for more than that .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I want to make long grain easily , but I also want very good cook long grain . this rice steamer be the only one I have find that have a brown rice setting . it take about 1 3\/4 hour to make the brown rice , about a half hour for white . I also steam my vegetable at the same time . Easy to clean . the price be right , also .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I be from South Asia and we main food be rice . we do not mind eat rice 3 time a day 365 day . we cook Basmati , Sona Masuli , Jasmine most of the time . \/ I have use almost all rice cooker similar to this price wise . I be very frustrated to see its black thing come out @ the very first week . I seriously deserve another . but I do not want same rc in my kitchen again . I have national brand before before this . which be very good . non stick inner pot be thick . but I myself mishandle it and nonstick get scratch and come out . but it still make good rice and keep moisture within . I prefer National over this B & D. let I share my experience . its inner pot be so light and non stick layer be poor . Mine come out within a week and even come out the place around the lid . I handle this one very carefully Bcoz I scratch previous one 's nonstick . I even dint let my husband to wash it and handle it by myself only . but it come out so easily i can not believe . I leave my rice in warm mode after cooking -lrb- I do not pull cord from plug -rrb- , at the bottom and top layer rice be so dry that you can not imagine eat it . when you cook rice around 2 cup , water overflow all over counter . and guess what , you can not cook more than 1 cup of rice if you want to put steamer inside . no star for this product ... but give one since I can not submit without it . pathetic
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a really cheap rice cooker , so naturally it be very simple and be not as versatile as the more expensive model . however , if all you be interested in be the basic functionality , it do the job almost perfectly . if you have ever use a rice cooker you probably already know everything there be to know about it , they all follow the same pattern . it be get a non-stick pan , a warming function , a spoon and a cup and a steam tray . basic stuff so i will not go into that . I be not sure if there be any real difference in cooking time between different rice cooker -lrb- i would assume not since rice can only absorb water so quickly -rrb- , but this do the job well . a cup or two of white rice take 15 or 20 minute to finish ; if it be brown rice it 'll be more like 30 . it seem slightly faster than boiling , but not by much . -lrb- definitely way more convenient though . -rrb- some thing i do notice : 1 . when you plug it in , it automatically go into ` cook ' mode , even if the lid be open and the button be not press . this be kind of annoying , i do not understand why it do it . 2 . as far as i can tell , you can not just leave it plug in all the time like a toaster . it be always run as long as it be get power , so when you be do with it you have to unplug it . this be a minor irritation , because i be lazy . : -lrb- 3 . the manual come with cooking direction , but in my experience so far they have be off . if i follow the manual 's instruction , my rice always come out a too dry , kind of with a fried-rice consistency . this be especially the case with brown rice -lrb- which require more liquid obviously -rrb- . they water measurement be just too conservative . but this of course depend on what kind of rice you be use , whether you add any extra ingredient , and so on , so it 'll vary . you 'll figure it out after one or two attempt though . if you be interested in a rice cooker but you be wonder if it be worth it to get one , i would definitely recommend it , especially since this one be so cheap . I myself have not personally own a rice cooker before -lrb- although i be familiar with they -rrb- , so i be sceptical about whether it would get enough use out of it to justify the cost . but i do ! it be much easier to make it in the rice cooker than it be on the stove ; i can dump the rice in when i wake up , and go do what i need to do to get ready for work -lrb- without worry about whether it 'll burn -rrb- , and then shovel it all out right before i leave . I eat a lot more rice now than i do before .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker advertise it be a 3 cup cooker , which be what I want , but no where in the descriptipn do it mention that it cook ony 2 cup of WHITE rice , which be what I always use . it be hardly worth the effort & $ $ $ to cook 2 cup of rice , in a 3 cup cooker I might add . I find this out when read the instruction that come with the product , but not from the Amazon description . I think this be deceptive & should be add to the online description .
RiceCooker	POS	5	have own 1 rice cooker before this one I be tempt to replace my old one with a similar one that cost about $ 20 . it last I 22 year and be still go strong when someone in my household run cold water on the hot glass lid . quite a mess by the way . I assume all rice cooker burn on the bottom before I can across the $ 50 - $ 100 - $ 200 - $ 400 rice cooker . I have sticker shock for about week before I finally take the plunge and buy the Zojirushi WAC10 5 1\/2 cup . let I back up . I actually buy a 10 cup aroma as a replacement . I like it and the $ 40 price . the problem be everything I read say you have to cook at least 2 cup . it be just my wife and I and despite what I read all over the place the two of we can not eat 2 cup of uncooked rice . I bring it home and verify 2 cup be too much and we do not like leftover rice . I be only a 230 pound fellum so you can guess I be a pretty light eater -lrb- ha-ha -rrb- . I sell it to a buddy at work and buy the Zoji . I be impressed in every way . I cook 2 cup of brown rice tonight . it take about 1:45 minute to cook and be great . if you do not know it , brown rice take a long time to cook . it will probably cook white rice in around 30-40 minute . my old cheapie would cook it in 20 . Time be key , not the speed mind you but the quality it give you with even control heating . the fuzzy logic or whatever it be make the rice in the Zoji come out far better without stick to the bottom than my $ 20 unit . by the way , the $ 40 aroma from Walmart do not stick either . be it worth 3 time as much or more to get the Zoji , do not know for sure , time will tell . I do know that by go ahead and spend the money now I will not have to look over my shoulder and wonder if I could have have better rice on the dinner table . other stuff : I like the detachable cord for storage . I be not crazy about retractable cord . I replace one on my vacuum and it cost $ 100 . if I have to replace this one it will be cheap . handle be neat but not need . the etch fill line inside be easy to read and should be easy to read year from now . Easy to program and use . Pretty small footprint . I think a 5.5 cup will easily feed 6 adult . 4\/6\/12 : I have own this cooker for over a year now . still love it . best tip I get for cooking white rice be rinse the rice until the water be clear before cooking . it really help keep the rice from sticking .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my new Black & Decker Rice Cooker purchase via Amazon work better than a previously own big and bulky Rice Cooker . I be look for a simple to operate Rice Cooker that get the job do in a timely manner and this be it and it be easy to clean . I love it ! thank you Amazon for make this purchase easy .
RiceCooker	POS	4	make just about enough rice for too people to have a light meal , very good for the price but some people may be surprise by how small it be
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this rice cooker over a year ago , and it have work perfectly everytime . I have even leave it too long on the `` warm '' feature , and it do not burn the rice . I would recomend it without reservation to anyone want a convenient , small rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy it about 2 year ago from Amazon for rice & rice soup cooking . it be the best rice cooker I ever have . I use it for , - Rice cook : timer cook steam rice after 8 hour , it still taste like fresh . you can start the cook in the morning . the rice will be ready when you get back from work in the evening . it use only 10w\/hour for keep it warm . - Rice soup : almost every night , I add in 2tb oat meal & 3 tb rice & 3cup water into the slow cooker , and set it to 6 hour for slow cooking . in the morning morning , it have my rice soup do . it be so very well make with titanium , simply the best quality .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and I use this to make rice for sushi because we want something to cook the rice without have to watch it . we follow the direction in the manual and the rice come out much better than expect . it be fluffy and not watery at all like what can happen when cook in a pot . we love this rice cooker and highly recommend it . it be extremely easy to use and we too buy it at target .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we eat a lot of rice , almost daily . I have be use this for the past two year . we have cook Brown & white rice . Works good . for 2 cup white rice - 45 to 50 minute for 2 cup brown rice - about 90 to 100 minute , good quality product , can not think of any con .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I get this for my birthday and I use it 3 time . first two time the rice be not cook all the way , and now the `` cook '' light wont come on . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this item back in March 2010 and have use it a minimum of 3 time a week every single week since purchase . -lrb- my wife be Filipino -rrb- we have never be disappoint with the quality of rice this cooker make . we have also use it to make beef stew as a slow cooker and use it as a vegetable steamer also . it still make rice the way it do when it be brand new . even the non-stick coating on the 2 include pot be still fully intact and look brand new . it be operation have be flawless . the only thing you might have to make adjustment to as you use it be to learn the right amount of water to add to you uncooked rice to get the desire consistency you like . this be not a con but a learning curve . now we make only make 3 cup of rice at a time 3 time a week . we do this because the rice stick together after 24 to 36 hour and we like freshly cook Jasmine rice whenever possible . the clean-up could not be easier . the steam condensation be collect inside the cooker . very well make . I highly recommend this item .
RiceCooker	POS	4	good product , make just enough for one meal . but it make a mess on the counter if you fill it up to max capacity .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we use this for cooking oatmeal , Rice , Grits , the list be endless . . best appliance in which we have invest in a long time ! we use the measure cup for all measurement . . work like a charm . .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be a very nice steamer . but the cup measurement be NOT we cup measure so when it say steam 3 cup it actually do about 2 -lrb- maybe be asian cup size -rrb- so this be not a good size for a average family of 4 .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the rice cooker initially work great , but after about 20 usage it start to go from cook to warm prematurely so the rice be not fully cook . it do not happen all the time once every 4-5 usage . the reason I bring this be to cook rice so I do not have to be around to watch it . be not a rice cooker suppose to cook rice automatically ? I do not know if I be the only one who be have this problem .
RiceCooker	POS	4	pro Works well small & sufficient for 2-3 adult depend on how much rice you eat easy to clean & operate fast also useful for steam vegetable , pea , lentil etc & make boiled egg easily without have to watch if use a boil pot \/ pan con very barebone can include atleast the serve spoon sometimes water spit out if use to full or lot of water
RiceCooker	POS	5	after research rice maker in general and automatic one in particular , I settle on the Zojirushi . I may have be prejudice a bit since I have already own one of they bread maker for several year , I use it at least once a week and I be more than satisfy with it . my experience have lead I to both trust they product and have high expectation for they . that say , I have find the rice cooker to be excellent . it do just what it say it do . I have already make several batch of white rice , brown rice and rice porridge , all do to perfection . it be simple to use and easy to clean and with the retractable power cord it store neatly and easily ; it be handle make it easy to retrieve from the lower shelf where I keep it . the direction for use could be better ; they seem to have be translate by a computer rather than a human . the direction for they bread maker be clear and easily readable , so they be capable of do better for this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you have four this be the one . it be a great one for just cook when you be busy . it do rice , of course but also really great oatmeal , irish cut . do not hesitate for a small group this be the one !
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this item in Dec. 2009 and have be use it about two month now - we really like it ! strong even steam and very versatile . the cooker have lot of cooking option but be easy to use overall . we steam lot of vegetable use this cooker and they always come out great once you figure out how much time be best for the amount you have . Rice be evenly cook and come out nice and fluffy . the build in power cord retract into the cooker base which be a nice feature as well . the unit be easy to clean and be a good compact size which save in storage space . overall we be very happy with the purchase with zero issue so far .
RiceCooker	POS	4	have yet to fully explore the option of the cooker , but it be clearly a good quality product . unlike the cheap manufacturing of company like cuisine art . the rice and quinoa i have make so far be perfectly cook , but at least with quinoa , because i be not sure what set to use , i choose brown rice and decide to open it 10 min early , which be just right . it be just a matter of use and time ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this product for my boyfriend , and we love it ! the rice be cook perfectly every time , and the warming feature work well , even after 10 hour . I definitely want to buy one of these for myself .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be debate buy a rice cooker for year , but I could never rationalize buy one . I know that ` good ' rice cooker be expensive , it would take up extra kitchen space for a very specialize device , and I be a little worried it would take a lot of trial and error to get it to work properly . my decision change recently when I decide that I need to eat less meat and process food . the most sensible way to do that seem to be to replace some of my diet with simple grain and bean . these food be really cheap , they keep a really long time -lrb- dry -rrb- , they be not heavily process , and they re-heat well . as simple as oatmeal , rice , and bean be to make , the inconvenience be still the primary factor keep I from make they a large part of my diet . when I discover that a rice cooker could be use for all of these food I be sell . I go with this model because it be on the cheaper end of `` fuzzy logic '' cooker , and because it have excellent review . I have be use it for a few month now , and I must say , my initial concern be completely unwarranted . First off , the footprint be very small -lrb- less than 1 by 1.5 ft -rrb- , plus the handle and retractable cord make stow super easy . kitchen space be a very minor issue . this model be also very simple to use ; set timer , set mode , and start . with that , it make spectacular quality white or brown rice every time . since I start use this cooker the amount of grain and rice I eat have go from basically none to over 30 % of my diet . give how much cheaper rice , bean , and oatmeal be when compare to typical food this translate to substantial savings over time . it be also more environmentally conscious to eat that way . I would recommend this cooker to nearly anybody , it be just so simple to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it will be the first one I have own and come from a college student it be a perfect choice give the size and ease of cooking . the only problem I find have nothing to do with the actual product . this cooker be really only enough for about three people -lrb- with no leftovers -rrb- . usually I will still attempt to make a lot of rice for myself , sometimes for a few other , and still have leftovers . I have overfil -lrb- so much so that the lid be lift by the rice -rrb- this thing to make at least 4 cup . it be barely any mess even then and only have to be wipe down . it will not splatter if you do not overfill it . I have yet to clean the inside under the removable bowl since nothing make its way past the bowl or lid . the product be well worth 5 star . -lrb- if you do not think so keep in mind the price . -rrb-
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this product 6 month back . work well for I until last week when it suddenly stop heating . consider other 1 star review where it break only after 2-3 week , I find myself lucky to have extract 6 month of use from this . nevertheless one buy these thing to last longer than that ... do not recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker in incredible . all claim be valid . imagine make sushi rice while you be out walk , or gardening . just push a button ... it be a simple as that . no more bubble over ; no more mess to clean up . even my husband , who never cook , be intrigue . it be expensive , but life be short and I have better thing to do than watch rice simmer .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	it be a small rice cooker but it can feed four people for one meal . I give this to mom and Dad when they move to they new apartment and they find all kind of way to use this product . one thing be that you can use it to cook oatmeal ! the reason I give 3 start be because when the shipment arrive , I notice a big dent on the cooker , I do not return it because it do not impact its cooking ability , but would prefer the shipping department of this product to put more protection around .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it take more than 45 min to cook 1.5 Cup rice . this be my first rice cooker and do not know what to expect . I compare it with friend 's cooker which take 17-20 min to cook 10 cup which be bigger than cup with my cooker . I be 1 day past last date to return the cooker . I guess only option be to trash it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy the 3 cup B&D; cooker , it fail in two month . I chalk it off to a defective cooker and buy the 6 cup cooker . low and behold it just quit work in about 3 month ! no more chance from I for B&D; , buy another brand .
RiceCooker	POS	5	you life will never be the same once you get this amazing rice cooker . it be by far the best purchase I have make in the last few year . perhaps you think i be exagerate . . i be not . it make the best rice ever ; it be easy to use ; it be convenient ; easy to clean up ; it can keep the rice warm . in addition to rice , it make excellent oatmeal and porridge . if you be read this review and be think , ` but i do not like rice ' , but it anyway . i do not like rice either before I get my first zojirushus rice cooker . now i really like rice - we make extra rice to have around for fry rice , rice salad , rice pudding . the possibility be endless . this appliance be useful for everyone -- busy housewife , bachelor , food snob , child-free married people ; single woman ... buy it ! the only drawback be that , like most zojirushus machine , the instruction manual leave a lot to be desire . since it be so easy to use and since there be numerous rice cooker cookbook out there , the poor instruction manual be not really a problem .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have only use this aroma arc 8 cup rice cooker a few time , but I love . I eat rice much at least once a week now . I be tear to spend a lot of a fancy machine or try this , and I be glad I do . no bubble over , easy to clean , and rice be cook nicely . I use the instruction from the machine -lrb- not the bag -rrb- and the rice have come out great . however , I do rinse the rice first . I have not leave rice on the warm set more than 45 minute after cooking so I have no experience with it burn . I highly recommend .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be first time I have have problem with Amazon from the time I start shop . I have order a 3-cup rice cooker and what be deliver be 1 and a half cup rice cooker . I be move out of my apartment the time this come so I never check for it properly nor do I happen to retain my bill . so there be no question of return it also . I know black and Decker be a good company but I think I have be dupe by the seller .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	we never even plug it in . it dose not have a timmer wich really make it useless for start in the be and havee rice for dinner .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	when it work , this be a nifty device - compact , light , and make good rice . but three time now , I have go to retreive the rice for dinner and discover that the machine switch to `` warm '' long before the rice be cook . that really screw up dinner plan . the whole point of a cooker like this , for I , be that , follow Ron Popiel 's mantra , I can `` set it and forget it '' . with this black and Decker , i can not , render it useless for my purpose . at $ 15 , it be not worth return , but I be annoyed .
RiceCooker	POS	5	look fancy and beautiful . many friend aksk I how much do I pay for that . they say look great seem expensive . timer be awesome . very exact . if you want rice 1:00 pm just insert time 13:00 push cooking button . YOu will get good rice 12:59 - 13:01 in my case , timer be very important . because I would love soak rice in the water in a hour before I cook . if I do that taste be much better . but if timer do not exist and I should wait a hour after wash rice and put rice in water . but if I have timer I do not need to do that . I only cook white rice . and it take 50 minite to complete cook . it take longer than the other rice cooker . and as I write before I need soak time a hour . but it dose ' t matter for I . I eat rice every day . good rice cooker be like a bass of rock music . it be taste really good . Zojirushi be japanese company it be famous as cooker company . . I be from korean and we have many rice cooker company . many korean use korean company rice cooker , but some people use Zojirushi product . even it be little more expensive . but I do not know anyone who use the other japanese company rice cooker . I eat rice almost every day in my life -lrb- I be 25 year old -rrb- but it be the best non pressure rice cooker . -lrb- pressure cooker be best . my mother have it but I do not -rrb- I have be use this cooker around 1 year it be work fine so far .
RiceCooker	POS	5	today be the first time I use the Aroma Arc Rice Cooker . I do read the instruction and follow they and the first batch turn out light and fluffy . I also use the special rice strainer to wash the rice before cooking and that be so much easier than use a mesh strainer . I use chicken broth for the liquid and add a splash of cooking oil and thus no rice stick to the pan and clean up be a breeze . I have a steamer for my wok but do not use the steamer that come with the rice cooker . I imagine the steamer work just fine and I look forward to use it while cook a batch of rice in the near future . the manual and Quick View instruction be very easy to follow and complete . I receive the rice cooker in record time and it be package very well in addition to the retail shelf box . so far I be a happy aroma Arc Rice Cooker customer and will update this review if the situation change .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	after review so many good review . I decide to give it a try . it cook very slow unless you use quick cooking . if you be use normal cooking , it take 40 minute to cook two cup of rice . the worst be that the non stick be peel off , i see some shinning spot on the bottom of the pot after several month , apparently i already eat some of non stick material . I be very careful of use the non stick rice cooker , always use the spoon they provide . it be bad and cheap teflon .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a really nice little rice cooker and steamer . there be two of we and it make perfect portion , and could make enough for some leftovers . it be really easy to clean and be so nice to set it and be able to do other thing as it cook . so far we have make rice , pasta and steamed veggy . Perfect on all account ! it be also compact so store it in my itsy bitsy kitchen be a cinch . we be get more for we sister and niece who be in college dorm , too . buy it !
RiceCooker	POS	4	I recently buy this beautiful cooker . Rice be well cook , do not stick to the pot . make scoop and serve easy . only thing that i be not quite comfortable be that after the cooking mode it automatically go to warm mode , which can only be turn off by unplug the cable .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be really satisfy with this and its price its really cheap n better than in any other store .
RiceCooker	POS	4	Black and Decker engineer they product in America . this allow they the legal right to say make in the USA . never the less , all of they product be still make in China and ship to a assembly plant in Mexicali where assemble and package complete with a make in the USA sticker to sell here . have say that , the Chinese make a terrific rice cooker for black and Decker to sell we and my only dislike be you can not turn off the `` warm '' feature which stay on after cooking . so if you do not take the rice off or unplug it when it be do you can dry you rice out .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I never even hear of Rice Cookers until a couple of month ago ... then I come across the Sanyo ecj-s35 3.5 cup Rice Cooker . now it be like : how do I ever live without one ? the 3.5 -lrb- japanese -rrb- cup capacity be perfect for singles or couple . it be cute , easy to clean , have a convenient handle and retractable cord , have setting for brown rice and bread baking and most importantly of all ... it make Perfect Rice ! every time . as good as or better than a Sushi bar or chinese Restaurant . brown Rice from the health food store or white Sushi Rice from Jewel come out perfectly cook every single time . it have a `` keep warm '' function that keep the rice at a perfect serve temperature for hour . I let it sit for 10 hour once and the rice be still near perfect . Cleaning be a breeze as rice do not stick to the titanium coated pot and the inner lid pop off in a instant for easy cleaning . the include accessory be just a 1 japanese cup measure cup -lrb- about 7\/8 USA cup -rrb- , a specially design Spatula for scoop out the rice and a small cookbook . the only thing that be not absolutely perfect about this Rice Cooker be that the solid plastic foot allow it to slide backwards when you push the button on the front and the `` end of cooking '' chime be on the quiet side . otherwise this be about the best kitchen appliance ever . if you like rice , you just gotta get one right now ! -lrb- unless you need a bigger model -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	4	just get it and have use it twice . so far so good . cost half of what I pay for my old one -lrb- Zojirushi -rrb- which still work great . I hope this one last at least half as long , we will see . what I do like better about the black Decker , be the rice do not stick in the pan , much easier clean up .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my fiance ' be a serious -lrb- high-tech -rrb- rice cooker fan . hate cooking rice in a pot , and think my older , simplistic , make-in-the-microwave version be useless -lrb- I think it be effective and economical -rrb- . when we decide to get a new electronic rice cooker -lrb- we would give he away year earlier in the quest for space in a NYC metro apartment -rrb- , we want something that be easy to use and that make perfect rice , yet be relatively small , could multitask , and be not go to break the bank . THIS be it !!! we have have it for a few month now , and have use it as a rice cooker , slow cooker , or steamer every other week on average . it work well , make great food with a minimum of effort , and be a great value . no it be not the cheapest , but it do what the expensive one do without they price tag . make perfect amount for a couple small family , and be reasonably size for that task .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I read some review before purchase this product . what concerned I be when other mention that the water spill over or bubble over onto counter top . but after use this product for a while , I do not know where those reviewer get that idea . it be never bubble over and I think the only reason why it will bubble over be if you put in too much water . and the hard crust will only form if you leave it on warm for a extended period of time . besides , the manual mention that there will be some crust formation so I take that as be forewarn . this be a great product and it do what it say it will do so I will recommend it to everyone . I have not use it for that long so I can not comment on the durability though .
RiceCooker	POS	4	we buy this to replace a older rice cooker . I love the feature - brown rice and delay timer . we use to jump hoop to cook brown rice well . still come short . however , with this rice cooker its easy and the rice come out with just the right amount of consistency . the delay timer be another feature I really like it . just put the rice and water and set the timer . it will automatically start , cook and come to warm . really convenient . overall I like it and would recommend to other .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I just finish make my first cup of rice with this rice cooker and the only problem I have be that the exhaust vent on top spills\/boils over\/bubbles out -lrb- whatever you want to call it -rrb- , water . it make a slight mess on top and on my counter . I have only cook one cup so I do not know how much of a mess 20 cup would make .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Zojirushi do not disappoint with this rice cooker . as a twenty-something living by himself , this model be absolutely perfect -- while still large enough to feed other if I have company ! of course , it make perfect rice every time -lrb- and delicious rice pudding -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	4	cook rice just right . I have have another aroma ricer cooker -lrb- 10 cup -rrb- before and it do a good job too . the old one have a removerable air vent for easy clean up and prevent the residue build up on the top -lrb- this one leave a mess -rrb- . this one do have a kool feature ; it beep to let you know that the rice be ready . overall it be a good buy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy aroma because my friend have the smaller one from year ago , and I love how it make rice . so I go look for one of my own . I get the bigger one because then when we get together we can make enough rice for all of we friend instead of try to make she small one work so hard . I love mine ! I be so happy to be able to make rice while I be make the rest of my meal . also it be a good price for as much as it can make . : -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	4	pro : \* Perfect size for one or two people . \* extremely easy clean up . \* Easy to store due to small size . \* Cooks perfectly every time . \* keep the rice warm while you prepare the rest of you food or if you have mistime cooking other meal element . \* can throw the lid back on and put the leftovers directly into fridge . \* have never once boil over even with faulty ingredient measuring . \* Great spoon be include that make it easy to serve and also do not damage non-stick coating . \* I have have this machine for over nine month and its worn well ... still work great though I have use it often . \* you do not have to ever check on the rice . it automatically turn off when it be do . \* because of the clear lid you can easily check to cooking progress . con : \* this be really not fair but I love Middle Eastern cooking especially the crunchy rice from the bottom of the rice pan that be call tadig . if I leave it stand long enough the crispiness almost form but not with a thorough crunch . -lrb- this machine be in no way bill as one that be capable of make tadig . -rrb- \* somewhat related to the above comment , the machine do not keep the rice hot , hot though it be thoroughly warm no matter how long I have let it sit .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this mostly to make breakfast easier . I like have quinoa for breakfast , but I be not up to cooking in the morning . I read that it could be make in a rice cooker and think it would be nice to have it ready for I when I wake in the morning . I try it for the first time this morning and it be perfect ! I can not wait to try brown rice in it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker , and I love it ! very easy to use , and I recently find out that it be pretty dummy-proof . I be plan on do rice and steamed asparagus together and , not think , push the wrong setting on the cooker . while it take I 5-10 minute to realize this , once I push the correct button the cooker adjust for the mistake and the rice come out very well . that be my first time steam vegetable as well , and they come through really great too . the take-out tray in the inside also make it pretty easy to clean . I typically make smaller batch of rice for 1-2 people , and they come out great every time . it be a little bigger than I be anticipate ; I be hope to get a smaller machine but overall be very happy with my purchase .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have only use it a few time - but I really like it . at first the rice be just a bit dry , but I add two tablespoon more water than usual and it come out just right . I be use plain , bulk , indian rice , long grain , no-rinse rice . I ignore the mark inside the pot ... I just add twice the water as I do rice -lrb- by volume -rrb- , plus 2 tablespoon water , and it be fine . I use the plastic measure cup that come with it to measure rice and water . I use my regular kitchen tablespoon measure to add the 2 extra dose of water . I have not try the other function , so I can not comment on they - it bake bread too , but I have not do it . it make much better rice than I have be able to do on the cookstove in a pot ! if you can afford it , buy it , as it make cooking easier .
RiceCooker	POS	4	even after 24 hour , the color of rice in the cooker do not turn to yellow .
RiceCooker	POS	4	small but powerful the rice come out great . my only qualm would be that if you it sit in the pot for a long time , it start to clump a bit more than be optimal .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love this product !! I use it the first time for brown rice , which be a pain to cook in my old steamer . it turn out perfectly . I especially love the delay start feature , because we host minor league baseball player during the summer and I can set it to start before we leave for the game and it be on warm when I return to finish up they dinner . they eat really late ! it be super easy to clean and operate it be a breeze . so happy I purchase this . have not use it to steam veggy yet , but soon ...
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I order this from Amazon a few week ago . I have use it once . it not longer work . however , the website give for warranty information do not exist , and the consumer number claim the office be close . I would not recommend buy this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have a simple rice cooker for year and consider it the only single-purpose appliance that be truly worthwhile . a close relative have mobility issue that keep he from easily attend food that be cooking on the stove . I get he this little rice cooker and he now very easily make a simple dinner in it . he cook the rice and toward the end add tofu on top to warm up . the meal can be vary by add spice , sauce , sugar snap pea , scallion , right at he desk or table while he be do other work . and the rice pot be very easy for he to clean . the three-cup size be very light in weight , take up little counter space , be perfect for he solo meal , but big enough to make rice for two people when he partner be home for dinner .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	both the name and product description for this item be incorrect . this be a rice cooker , but it be not also a steamer . I contact customer service about the incorrect information on this page , but they only response be `` if you do not like it , you can send it back . '' do not buy this product if you want a rice cooker that can also be use as a steamer .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love this product . take a little while to learn how to use it , but my whole family really like it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	teflon come off in big patch within 2 month . . this be junk , it seem pretty unsafe i have to throw mine away
RiceCooker	POS	4	have be use the rice cooker for a few week by now . so far we have use it for regular white rice cooking . no problem at all . it produce soft and puffy white rice every time . try once on porridge , the result be not very satisfactory . the only complaint we have be that the non-sticking coat inside the inner rice cooking pan have be moderately scratch at arrival . the reason be probably that the factory simply put the measure cup and spatula in a thin plastic wrap and place they in the cooking pan . as a result , the scratch be make during shipping . if they have use some foam wrap instead , it would not have cause the scratch . I be surprise that this top-ranked rice cooker maker would not have think of this issue .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	i own this product , and it be mediocre . it make a mess on whatever surface you place it on , and rice always stick to the bottom of the pot , make it difficult to clean . I be careful to follow the instruction -lrb- which be different for brown rice which require more water -rrb- , but cook one cup only it burn the rice , though with 2 or more cup , it do not burn .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I be do with this cooker . I have have it for two year and it be never make a good pot of rice . I have try everything , and it always make mushy bleh rice unless I amazingly get the magical ratio correct and sacrifice a animal to the god . on a Thursday . under a full moon . that be not in the instruction .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I think it be the size of rice cooker I be look for to replace a old one I give away . unfortunately as soon as I get the pot out of the box I have to laugh , it look like a toy . I will keep it because I hate return item . I love Black & Decker product but this one be just a funny size .
RiceCooker	POS	4	even though the rice cooker stop work , I be still give it 4 star because it be good when it be work . after I have wash the pot , I would consistently put it back onto the cooker , so maybe the cooker have water damage from my carelessness . only thing I do not like about it be that it be not able to keep rice warm for a long while , it end up burn the food at the bottom .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I choose the ns-lac05 after a serious Google expedition . I choose Amazon for price , quick delivery and the consumer review . after another serious review of consumer comment , I determine the ideal recipe to be 1 Zoji cup McCann 's steel cut oats to 2 1\/2 Zoji cup of water . I set the ` menu ' to ` porridge . ' 61 minute later , I have a perfect bowl of thick oats -lcb- I prefer my oats thick -rcb- . my second attempt be a disaster ! I learn the cooker default to ` white rice ' when you turn it off . it promptly boil over spew oat milk all over . so , the machine make perfect thick creamy steel cut oats . just remember to always make sure the ` menu ' be set to ` porridge ' before press the ` cooking ' button .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great rice cooker with result so good that when I order in chinese and they ask I what kind of rice I 'll just say `` none , thanks '' . that be the gist of it : consistently perfect and flavorful rice with no effort , make it easy to recommend this small appliance in a heartbeat . that say , if you be a careful shopper like I and peruse all the review here on Amazon , here be some aspect that do not seem entirely cover : size . the 3 cup that this cooker be refer to be japanese `` go '' cup - only 3\/4th of the american counterpart -lrb- 180ml vs. 240ml as per wikipedium -rrb- . also , the capacity be reduce to 2 go cup when cooking brown rice - that be 1.5 american cup . I think that might explain some of the disappointment that people display after buy a `` 3 cup rice cooker '' . that say , I believe this should be sufficient for many use : 1\/2 go cup be just the right size for a side of rice for one person , and 1 go cup be practically a meal . design . I happen to find this cooker not attractive enough to keep out in the open . yes , it be get brush metal side , but the white plastic lining really make it look silly and inexpensive . it seem to be more a toy than a kitchen appliance and as one reviewer mention , it would go well with hello Kitty sticker -lrb- although she think it be cute ; as a guy , I do not -rrb- . also , when I first start a batch of rice , my thought be `` oh no '' as a electronic lullaby start just a tad too loudly . luckily , this can be switch to beep-only or silence altogether . Minus 1\/2 a star just for look . documentation . not as bad as I expect after read the `` Chinglish '' review . really , it be fine ! and you might not even need it , except once , to set the clock and alarm tone . time display . here go another 1\/2 star : the display will not tell you when the cooking be do until a few minute before finish . with cooking time of up to 1.5 hour that be a real nuisance . ok , I hear a lot of people say `` oh that be the nature of fuzzy logic '' - but it be not like the unit do not know when it 'll finish : if you set the timer to have you batch do by a certain time , it 'll be ready practically on the minute . I just want that display , that be all . USABILITY . some love of detail have go into the design of this machine , and as a computer\/interface person I appreciate that . I keep on thinking , `` wow the engineer must use this at home every day '' when the power cord retract , the clock do not lose the time as I unplug the unit , and cleaning could not possibly be easier . OTHER use . Oatmeal : Use only 1\/2 of the recommend amount of water on the package with the `` porridge '' setting . black rice : let it soak for a hour or more before cooking -lrb- easy , just set the timer -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Rice be something that be make at least once a week in my household . previous to purchase the Sanyo ecj-hc55 rice cooker , I have a simple Oster rice cooker that do a adequate job . it only have a toggle switch that cook the rice . it make pretty good white and brown rice , but there be also some issue with it . the bowl be lightweight and the non-stick coating be flake off . also , when the unit signal that the rice be cook , the top would be fine , but the bottom would be crusty and almost burnt and stick to the bottom . I finally get feed up and start look on Amazon for a replacement . I be pretty set on pick a Zojirushi model from all of the positive review I read on not only Amazon but other website as well . as I be browse , this Sanyo model catch my eye . it look pretty sleek with its metal face and top while the rest of the body be white . after read the review for it and compare the feature in a similarly price Zojirushi model , I decide to take the plunge and pick up the Sanyo . what a amazing little machine . the construction be solid , the bowl for the rice be heavy and well make . the unit have all kind of setting for the various type of rice . in addition , the unit come with another lid insert and another bowl to do slow cooking in the unit . it also come with a plastic insert that state it be for make tofu . not sure if I will ever use that , but I do like that I have the option . the rice it make be perfect , be not too mushy or too firm . the rice do not stick to the bottom of the bowl at all . it be just simply the best rice I ever make . as soon as the rice finish cooking , it switch over to a warming mode that state it can keep the rice warm for 12 hour . in addition , the rice can be place in the bowl with water in the morning and a timer set so that you have cook rice when you return from work . while the unit do chime when the rice be cook so that I be alert , when start the cycle , it do not give a estimate of the amount of time that it take to cook . however , that one minor drawback would not stop I from recommend this unit to anyone else look for a affordable unit to make perfect rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this rice cooker as a wedding present four year ago . my hubby and I have use it 1-3 time a week , and it still work like new . it make perfect , delicious rice every time ! yes , it do not make massive quantity , but we have feed 4 people rice with dinner if you portion be not too big . highly recommend !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker\/steamer be a excellent buy . could not ask for more at this price . fast and easy - love it - smile
RiceCooker	POS	5	get it for $ 100 . just use it for half a month , and still not quiet familiar with all of its function . but it do good job . I be simply satisfy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we eat a lot of rice and this rice cooker do the job beautifully . it be so nice to make it ahead of time and keep in the fridge . the brown rice even come out great , and that be never be a favorite before now . I highly recommend this product to anyone who love rice and the convenience this cooker offer . it be also cheaper to buy the big bag of long cooking rice , rather than the boil-it bag we have use before . the steamer be also a nice feature for one pot meal .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I purchase this rice cooker to replace one I have have previously . the price be right and it have the capacity I want and it even have a please appearance . but that be about all it have go for it , unfortunately . this cooker do a good job cooking the rice . I have cook a few batch of brown rice in it so far . the rice have come out well cook . better than my previous cooker , even ! some rice do get stick to the bottom , but I have a feeling that be a drawback of any rice cooker , really . my biggest complaint be its poor design . this pot be not make well at all ! all rice cooker have a steam vent , but in this case , the water from the steam vent almost seem to bubble out of the vent hole and drip down onto the counter top . while you can certainly put down a towel to soak up the water that drip down , that should not be something you would have to do , but for this pot , you really should . other issue include where the water from the steam collect . the first time I use the pot , the water collect around the inside seam where the lid seal when it be close . you open the lid when the rice be do cooking and water can drip down into the heating element 's area . I also find that water will collect in the hinge of the pot . I pick it up to go put it away after have clean it , and water pour all over my shirt from where it have collect in the hinge ! the pot seem to cook decently , but it suffer from poor design that produce excess mess to clean up . I 'll continue to use the pot until it wear out , but I will not be buy another one when it be time to replace this one , and I would not recommend this pot to anyone look for a rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	definitely worth the time look for it , and the money spend on it . : -rrb- I could not be more happy with it . Rice cook beautifully in it , and keep for QUITE a while . -lrb- we accidentally leave rice in there over the weekend once . it do not leave a smell or get all wet\/yellow or anything ! ... though we do not eat it . -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife buy it for I for Christmas , because I be on a variant of the Paleo diet and wheat\/oats\/barley etc. now forbid , so rice have become a staple starch in we house . I have always make rice out of a box in the past , so do not know what to expect . this machine be idiot-proof , and so far -lrb- 4 month -rrb- have cook perfect rice every time . I have probably use it on average twice a week for at least the last 3 month , and have never have a problem . the control be stupid easy : plug in , put rice and appropriate amount of water in the non-stick pot insert , place pot in the cooker , and press the button . the light on the front will switch from `` keep warm '' to `` Cook . '' when it switch back to `` keep warm '' you rice be do . there be three small flaw that I be sure be design compromise make in the interest of keep the price low . the first , and most important , be that as long as the machine be plug in , the heating element remain on . so if you plate you dinner and go eat without unplug , the leftovers continue to heat and will wind up hard , dry , and eventually burn . pay a little more would be fine for the safety of a machine with a automatic time shutoff , I think . the second flaw be the overall build quality of the cooking pot insert . it be very lightweight -lrb- aluminum , I suppose -rrb- , and the non-stick inner surface be plainly cheap . take particular care not to scratch it while wash . finally , it would be nice if there be some sort of aural indication that the rice be do . a beep or other repeat alert sound would be very helpful . work around its minor limitation , this have so far be a excellent addition to my kitchen - no more rice from a box for I !
RiceCooker	POS	5	the `` cup '' be not really a cup - more like 3\/4 of a cup , so if you really need 4 cup , you may want a larger unit . nevertheless , this be a great rice cooker . it make flawless rice with almost no effort . it be perfect for two people - make enough for a meal with leftovers for a second meal . would probably be ok for 3-4 people if you want to make a fresh batch with every meal . extremely easy to clean , too . we be very happy with it and use it all the time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my second Sanyo rice cooker and its as great as the first . they be the best out there .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I guess there be not a lot of variety in how the rice end up ... although , I suppose I could try add less water ... but anyway , it be a lot easier than cooking rice from scratch . this machine work perfectly .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I cook for MYSELF and SOMETIMES MY BOYFRIEND , THIS work really great and wa brand new . it work great BUT ITS NOT 3 cup ... I love it . cook great rice
RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . Works great for brown rice , white rice , and yes , even wild rice -lrb- actually , not a rice , but a grain -rrb- . however , my favorite dish be Steel Cut -lrb- pinhead -rrb- oatmeal . setup the ns-lac05 at night before bedtime . set the cooker to `` Porridge '' and set the timer for the desire completion time . use one zojus cup of pinhead oats -lrb- I like Bob 's Red Mill -rrb- , 3 zojus cup of water , brown sugar to taste , some raisin , cinnamon , and optional vanilla extract . wake in the morning to delicious steel cut oats . use the keep warm mode to keep the oatmeal warm for the late riser in the family .  Zojirushi NS-LAC05 Micom 3-Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer , Stainless Steel
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker work very well . the only trick be to make sure you use the supply cup to measure the rice -- it be not a full US 8oz measure . however , you may still want to use a bit less water than the pot indicate to obtain firmer rice -- that be we preference anyway . we find ourselves eat more rice than before -lrb- use to cook in a pot -rrb- , as it all come out plump and not too sticky . now , we be experiment with mixed brown and white to compensate for the increase . the control be simple enough , although the direction be not as clear which line to use for water . it be all easy to figure out , though .
RiceCooker	POS	5	ok , I can not stand it any longer ! why be so many people freak out about the little cup ? it be 200 ml , or in between 3\/4 and 1 cup dry measure . most people eat more than they need to , it do not hurt to have a little smaller portion . and here be a secret that any of we from traditional japanese family know : put the rice in the cooker . put in enough water so that the water come up to the 2nd knuckle of you index finger -lrb- with the tip of you finger touch the top of the rice -rrb- . it always work , we use to do this in we old rice cooker that have japanese write only , it do not matter what the amount of rice be ; I do not know how\/why this work but it do , and when I meet someone that grow up eat rice everyday like I do , they all seem to know this trick . in regard to the timing-who care if the rice be do before the rest of the meal ? since there be that handy keep warm feature , just make the rice way ahead !! the reason it take longer in the rice cooker be the traditional soak time , help make softer fluffy rice . if you get stick-um on the bottom of you rice , it be prob . not a good quality , or you do not rinse it , or you need to fluff it when the timer say it be do with the cute song . they say max 4 hour for keep warm , but for about 30 year I have keep the rice warm for longer than that and have no problem with food poisoning or bacterium . if you can keep stuff warm in a crock pot all day , why not rice ? my mom be japanese and highly recommend this cooker . for those interested in ayurvedic food , it make great kitcharee -lrb- although not the soupy kind , put you spice and veggy and dahl right in with the rice , if you add too much water it cook until the water be steam out , take about 45 min . -rrb- I love my big Zojirushi cooker so much I be buy this smaller one for at work so I can have my hot soup or rice cooking and ready by mealtime !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	worst rice cooker I ever use in the last 30 plus year . after use it 3 time , it just would not turn on .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be not Rocket Science ! all Rice cooker be the same . put the Rice in ... add some water ... . . Voila Cooked Rice . Easy to use Rice Cooker , just plug and play . .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I use to have one rice cooker from Black & Decker and it work very well . so I decide to buy another one . this one be so small and besides , it break down after two month . I smell something burnt and the light be off , so we unplug it . it never work again . though the price be low , you get what you pay for .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it be faster than cooking on the stove and all you need to do be just add all you ingredient and that be it . you do not need to worry about the rice again . it really make life easier and cook a shorter process , especially when you have little time to prepare meal . it also let you steam vegetable . cleanup be easy , non stick pan . I love it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great little home helper . do a fantastic job every time ! sit quietly in a very little space on the kitchen counter . and very easy to clean too ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I fill the slow cooker pot with water , let it run and then measure the temperature of the water . for slow cooking high , the temp be 205 . for slow cooking low , the temp be 185 . the warm mode temp be 140 .
RiceCooker	POS	5	at the beginning I read some of the review and I be afraid of it will have that chemical smell , but after I use it , it do have any chemical smell come out after the rice be do . so , basically I like this product and it work just fine with my family .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I decide to splurge and buy a nice rice cooker for myself . I only have a few ` must-haves : ' a timer , so I could have dinner ready and wait when I come home from work , and steel cut oats for breakfast when I wake up in the morning ; and it should cook decent brown rice . I read lot of review and dither for a week or two over whether to get a Zojirushi or a bigger Sanyo with more feature like steam . I also consider get something cheaper , without the microcomputer . eventually I pick this one base on price , size -lrb- both amount of rice cook and overall footprint -rrb- , the thick pot , and review . so far -lrb- I have have it about 2 month -rrb- , I like it a lot . I love use it to cook oatmeal . I use to do it overnight in a slow cooker , but this be even easier . I use the porridge setting with a little less water . the oats cook with a better consistency and the bowl just need a quick sponge off afterward . one small annoyance be the amount of water that drip down when I open the lid -lrb- this do not happen with rice , just oatmeal -rrb- . but it stay in the cavity around the lid , and I soak it up with a paper towel . Rice -lrb- I have only cook brown -rrb- come out pretty well . I have not miss the steam feature that much -- sometimes I throw in other stuff with the rice so I can have a convenient one-bowl meal , or put some food that need a little reheat on top of the rice right after it finish cooking and be in ` keep warm ' mode . I have not try bake bread or make dolsot bibimbap but they seem like they 'll be fun to try . I wish you could save at least two timer setting -lrb- breakfast and dinner -rrb- , but my schedule vary enough that I would probably have to manually set it most of the time anyway . and the review about the flake pot have make I paranoid so that I treat the pot very delicately , although it seem like the nonstick surface will be pretty durable as long as you do not scratch it . but those be minor thing , and in actual use it be be great .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I use to cook my rice in a pot , but it always bubble over and make a mess . so , I decide to buy this one because it have good review and look similar to the one my roommate buy from Japan . I love it ! it be be about 6 month since I buy it and it have work well . I find that Jasmine rice work best and I do have to experiment a bit with the water to rice ratio before perfect it . it steam my dumpling and veggy very well . I do have issue with the rice be too hard if I leave it in the pot on `` warm . '' but that be no biggie . my advice be to clean it immediately after all the rice have be remove . wipe down the top and empty the condensation catcher .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have not actually use it for Rice yet , but I have use it twice for other meal . it be great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	why buy such a expensive rice cooker instead of a cheaper one ? this rice cooker make the best rice I have ever taste . Zojirushi be a respected brand for quality , and this be a quality device . I like that the cord roll up into the body , and it have a handle for easy transport . the inner pot can be remove easily and be simple to clean . I do not need to scrub it at all , and the rice never burn on the bottom . I like the feature and how easy it be to use . I especially like the timer feature . it be worth every penny and I look forward to use it for year .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be we first Rice Cooker so I can not compare it with other product . Easy to use , easy to clean , 2 pot be usefull . only complain - the second pot be lesser quality -lrb- thiner -rrb- , but not like I notice performace difference .
RiceCooker	POS	4	be expect a slightly bigger rice cooker for a 3 cup rice cooker but it work none the less . have to get another bigger rice cooker just because need more rice to be cook . but this rice cooker be good enough for small dinner . good stuff
RiceCooker	POS	5	the japanese company get it right with this model . Rice be perfectly cook , as be Scotch oats , and anything else I have put in here . I make black rice -lrb- try it cook with chicken stock instead of water , and put some butter on it before eat - wow ! -rrb- yesterday , and snack on it all day while it stay perfect on the ` warm ' setting . this be a find , and a keeper . I have have mine almost 3.5 year !
RiceCooker	POS	5	Ilove my new rice cooker . cook up to 3 cup of raw rice and come out perfect everytime . in south Louisiana we eat a lot of rice so I know what good rice taste like . I do wash the rice  Oster 4722 3-Cup Rice Cooker and Steamer - red  use this for about one month so far ... it clean in warm sudsy water with no problem . just remember to NOT use metal spoon .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I buy this to replace a large rice cooker that be far too large for just I . the portion size be perfect , unfortunately the quality of the cook rice leave much to be desire . Rice come out starchy and mushy . it be also very messy when it cook , as starchy water spurt out the small vent in the lid . if you be not too particular about you rice and just want a quick and simple rice cooker , this will be fine . just make sure you have a easily cleanable surface to cook on .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a gift for my grand-daughter who be vegetarian and cook lot of stovetop rice , sometimes forget it be cooking ! she love this ... and she mother love it too !!! they cook a lot of rice now ... I have one too because I be burn lot of it on the stove . now I can forget it , and it be perfect !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I ask for a rice cooker over the holiday . receive this oster and be happy to have one : D every time I cook rice in it , even when stir it after the fifteen minute rice be browned and stick to the bottom . Rice about it be slightly edible ; definitely more `` al dente '' than I would prefer . right now I be use it for the fourth time and smell a heavy burning electrical odor . I will go back to use a small covered 1 1\/2 quart nonstick sauce pan !
RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . it can cook brown rice very well and I love it so much .
RiceCooker	POS	5	recently remarry , my new spouse and I each have rice pot and could not agree on how to consolidate duplicate small appliance into we small kitchen . for example , we each have a rice pot , and do not have room or need for both . my husband find the Zojirushi lac05 and we be able to solve we multus rice pot delimna by replace both pot with this new one . although I be initially skeptical , it turn out to be a really good choice ! the lac05 do not spit or spatter at all - it be completely self contain and have only a steam release . the internal cooking bowl be engarave with cooking measurement , and be coat ; wash up easily with no sticking . clean the outside with damp cloth . it have a small , contain footprint - it be compact and have no external dust catcher . it also sing - play different tune for start up and ! ready now , come eat ! . have a warmer that also let you know it be still on . it have different setting for white , brown , mixed rice , also do porridge -lrb- e.g. oatmeal . -rrb- we sometimes cook lentil or seaweed with we rice and it handle all that on the `` mixed '' setting . the Zojirushi lac05 model make 3 cup and it be fine for the two of we . for a few $ $ more you can get a 5.5 cup size -lrb- I assume you can make less than a full pot -rrb- . only drawback at all -lrb- if it be one -rrb- be that it be not fast . different rice take different time of course , but the point be , this cooker take about the same time as stovetop , do not reduce cooking time . but with the preset timer option , time be not a factor if you can plan ahead . I would recommend this product to anyone ! it be far superior to any of the other rice cooker that either of we have use over the year . you may think the price be a bit steep for a rice cooker , but do not be deter , it be worth the price many time over in convenience , reduce clean up and perfect rice every time !
RiceCooker	POS	5	after use the rice cooker for a couple of week , it have work perfectly for make enough rice for a meal for 1-2 people . I would definitely buy again , especially for the price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great machine . Easy to use ; easy to clean , small and light-weight , etc. . I almost buy a different machine that I see at a local store , because the brand be familiar and the machine be attactive . however , after do a little research , I choose this rice cooker , and I be very glad that I take the time to shop a bit before spend my money .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great rice cooker for I and my wife . we have make white rice , brown , quinoa , grits , and oatmeal and everything come out perfect . the bottom get a little toasty make for some stick together `` toast skin '' of rice and oatmeal but that be actually quite tasty . I have have the cooker for about 6 month now . I notice a small chip in the non-stick coating . we have only use the rice paddle to scoop stuff out . a replacement bowl make be need in the near future . something black and Decker sell for about $ 6 .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	inside be a steam rack , not a steam basket as show in the picture . so I return it and buy another one . just do not trust the picture .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this thing make very good rice . once . the second time I use it , it die . the light blink out and it stop heating . try other outlet and other troubleshoot idea . nothing work . it be a very inexpensive rice cooker and you get what you pay for . but that first and last bowl of rice turn out to be pretty expensive .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I really like it , but it be ... really ... way too small . which be fine if that all you want it for be the rice part , but i do get it for also steam broccoli and I can barely fit a entire bag from the store into the smoker tray . just know that before you buy one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be a big fan of this rice cooker . it be compact , make perfect rice every time , and keep it warm as long as you need without dry it out . I have use it for white , brown , basmatus , and wild rice as well as smaller grain like quinoa . it be very easy to use and clean .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be great ! cook the rice perfectly and keep it fresh for day ! Easy to use and easy to clean !
RiceCooker	POS	5	before buy this , I be use a american brand rice cooker -lrb- the most terrible experience ever -rrb- . this one be great ! cooking rice in the way I want ! the only thing be that there be too much steam leave on the lid once the rice be do .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be perfect size for I . do not take up a lot of counter space and it also work as a steamer , which be a plus . I have be use this for awhile and have make perfect rice every time . I love to set it and forget it . good product overall
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be right appropriate for I and my roommate , and it look so cute . I expect it would last long .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be great I receive it 2 day after purchase it . I use it everyday it be perfect for a dorm room or a little apartment . also , it make perfect rice everytime for one person or more depend on how much you like to eat , plus it be great price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker do everything it say and more ! firstly , I pick it because I want to cook rice quickly for my homemade sushi roll . the instruction be a bit dramatic -lrb- translate from japanese -rrb- but they be correct and you can not go wrong . I love the little melody that indicate the rice have start cooking and when it have finish . cooking time vary but you can select you type of rice and intent -lrb- plain rice , rice cake , etc. -rrb- . plain rice cook in 45 min . it be cook to perfection and there be no mess . I love my little cooker and be happy to have make a investment that save I time and clean-up . very worth the price . I have order other Zojirushi item and these guy go all out with they design and engineering . would definitely purchase again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . the instruction be a bit vague but , you can figure they out . there should be a chart relate american rice type to the asian type . but , a little trial and error figure it out . . the feature be poorly explain in the instruction . for example , the timer . one neat feature I discover be that you use the marking in the rice pot to load it -lrb- use the cup that come with the unit to measure rice -rrb- , select rice type , then push the start button and forget it . the fuzzy logic will cook the rice properly , shut off and turn on warmer . this be really neat . the rice be always just right never over\/under do . I live on fried rice , Basmati and Jasmine be my favorite . Basmati be brown , follow brown rice direction . jasmine be white follow white rice direction . Cal Rose rice -lrb- sticky rice -rrb- be good but need special handling or it will clump in a hard ball ... -lrb- wash when do to remove sticky , then spread out to dry , before cooking fry rice . very tasty . . the steamer be great for veggy . the rest I have not use yet ... this be a 5 cup unit . the best overall size . I use three cup for the fried rice . this be quality unit . the part be well make and unit be very easy to clean . the rice paddle be very handy . do not skimp on a cheapy unit . you get what you pay for ... note : the measure cup seem to compensate for final cook rice volume , do not use standard measure cup .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this pretty rice cooker as the steam be all contain inside so no mess to clean on the outside and like how it stay cool to the touch . I buy only long grain brown rice so be still experiment to get the right amount of liquid for the consistency I like but love the nonstick inside container make clean up a snap . I highly recommend this product to those who love rice . I have not try steam vegetable yet but that be a bonus with this model .
RiceCooker	POS	5	when I would mention I be ` think about ' buy a rice cooker a friend recommend the Zojirushi cooker above other . yes , this rice cooker deliver on its claim . it be easy to use . I have not try too many fancy recipe and I seldom if ever use the timer function . this handsome model be well-designed and a breeze to clean . the fuzzy logic setting for various rice and porridge make sure whichever type of rice -lrb- or oats -rrb- I put in the cooker come out perfectly cook . the warming setting work perfectly . its capacity be right size for a couple or a small family . the Zoji make I feel like I have a ` helper ' in my kitchen .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	good and affordable product for someone who do not cook rice frequently . for someone like I who eat rice almost daily , this rice cooker dry out my rice if leave on overnight . the cooker automatically turn on `` cook '' after certain number of hour , instead of keep the rice in warm mode like some other expensive japanese brand , where you can leave rice in cooker for a couple of day .
RiceCooker	POS	4	it be durable and cook very good rice . it be very easy to care . however it do not cook fine congee and I be a congee lover .
RiceCooker	POS	5	first , I try this one for myself . it be really nice and function well with various option setting . we use timer for cooking breakfast -lrb- rice porridge -rrb- on weekend a lot . it would be use for steamer cooker and slow cooker as well . the size be small , we always bring it to we ski vacation trip . then , I buy two for my kid who be live in college apartment . they both like it . it be really a nice product with quality , function build in .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a compact version of the typical rice cooker . it do a decent enough job and it be big enough to feed 4 people . the only thing miss be the ability to produce tahdig . Tahdig literally mean the `` bottom of the pot '' in persian language and it represent the crunchy rice produce at the bottom of the pot by allow the rice to cook a extra few -lrb- typically 10 -rrb- minute . it really add a wonderful tasty crust .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we do a lot of research look for a new rice cooker . this one work great ! perfectly steamed veggy , and rice -lrb- even brown -rrb- come out perfect ! tender , not mushy . I have follow the direction exactly . I have even make some medican style rice with huge chunk of tomato and seasoning , and it make it perfectly !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I buy this Rice Cooker with the impression that it be a 3-cup rice cooker but it be NOT . this rice cooker look pretty much like a toy . it be cute and all that but it be no where near a 3 cup rice cooker . it be not even yield 3 cup of rice . it be probably good for college kid living in a dorm . work okay but for some reason , rice always rise more on one side so it look kinda funny . other than that , it be a cute workable toy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be look for a appliance that could take the place of my bamboo rice steamer . this be it and more . First off , it cook rice very nicely . I always rinse my rice , so I have have no problem with the boil over that some seem to have have . I use the steam feature on frozen fish , and it come out tender and perfectly cook . I have not use it as a slow cooker yet , but I imagine it will do just fine . I think this be a great rice cooker , and the price can not be beat .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	ok I buy this rice cooker because the little rice cooker I have always burn the rice . this rice cooker look great , but it be also burn the bottom of my rice . I usually cook brown rice , it keep burn on the brown rice set so I decide to try cooking it on the white rice setting , it still burn on the bottom , but not as bad . still use it , I guess you get what you pay for . I buy this one think it be a great deal , low cost alternative to the more expensive rice cooker . I will continue to use it , just will not stir up the rice when it be do .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this a great rice cooker . all that it be bill to be . Perfect for delicious , slow cook brown rice and also have a quick cook cycle when you be in a hurry for fluffy white rice .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the product quality be good . but it be a very small rice cooker . for people with a family of more than two and eat rice regularly , it be not enough .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this cooker specifically to cook steel cut oats for breakfast at least 5 time a week . when I work from home , I just do not want to delay start work in order to pay attention to a oatmeal pot on the stove for 20-30 min . plus clean a oatmeal pot that have be sit be a dreadful chore . I have try use a 10 cup rice cooker with no porridge setting and though it work , it be also bit of a mess inside the cooker . after read review of thie Zojirushi 3 cup cooker , I decide to spend the buck to try it . for I , it be worth every penny . I use the porridge setting and have determine 1\/2 cup steel cut oats with 1-1\/2 cup water end up with the oatmeal consistency I prefer . exact ratio may vary to taste . I start the cooker just before I grab my 1st cup of coffee and about a hour later , the cooker play a little tune to let I know it be do cooking . add brown sugar & dry fruit and my healthy , tastey breakfast be ready . the warm feature be fabulous - I depend on it when I can not break from work immediately . I be surprise to discover it take a hour -lrb- plus or minus -rrb- to cook the oats - exactly what the user guide say in its recipe for porridge . once I learn the timing , it have be no problem at all . finally , clean up be truly a breeze . no matter how long I let thing sit , a little soapy hot water be all that be need . no soak require . and one of these day I 'll even try cooking rice with it : - -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	wow . just wow . stunning , simple , perfect rice , every time . throw it in , press a button , and in just over a hour you have get perfectly cook rice . ca not say enough positive thing about this model . I have use it for a month now , and it continue to impress . one of these day I 'll read the manual to see what the other button do , but since I get it I have just use the big red cook button , and the off button .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker burn the rice every time in one spot on the bottom , very frustrating , even try add additional water , no help . also burn when on warm .
RiceCooker	POS	4	my old , standard , one-button rice cooker seem so primitive compare to this device . I have use it to cook white and brown rice , slow cook , and steam . the rice come out properly cook , and truly taste better than with my older cooker . I presume the other space age rice cooker -lrb- e.g. make by Tiger , Zori -rrb- make great rice as well , but I have never compare . two bowl be provide ; they be heavy and high quality , and zero rice stick they , make clean up super easy . steam be also a snap -lrb- although everything have to fit in the unit , so size might be a limitation -rrb- . for some reason , on two occasion , the rice cooker malfunction -- do not heat up to temperature and rice stay uncooked . the past few time it have work fine . so , the verdict be still out if this be as reliable as the trusty one-button cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have have this rice cooker for a month and have use it 4 time . I experience none of the problem that a small number of review indicate . with that in mind , this be one of those thing that perform so well that you wonder how it could be such a bargain .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this 6-cup rice cooker be more like 3-cup rice cooker . this could never be more than 5-cup for it be really small ! its say in the manual or box it be a 6-cup , but it say in the manual that only 3 cup will fit . and it be only actually 3 cup of rice ! when its more than that , its gonna overflow !!!
RiceCooker	NEG	1	these rice cooker with separate lid should be avoid . the moisture do not get trap so all the steam leak out which cause the rice to burn at the bottom and raw at the top . my mom have a Tiger rice cooker that have a attach lid that trap in the moisture , cook perfect rice everytime , do not stick , and keep warm for day . this one ? can not do any of that .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be a good product and everything work fine . only problem be that the product display on amazon be kind of misleading . when you check the product on amazon , it show that include rice paddle , measure cup and a seperate vessel -lrb- which do not include in the package -rrb- . I be expect the vessel show in the picture . http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/aroma-arc-737g-pot-style-cooker-steamer\/dp\/b001a2kz6g
RiceCooker	POS	5	we first encounter the Zojirushi rice maker at my son 's and be impressed enough to order one . it be not cheap , but work flawlessly . Perfect rice every time .
RiceCooker	POS	4	we have be use we new Zojirushi about twice a week for over month now , and it have be everything we be look for in a rice cooker . no more under-cooked or over-cooked rice for meal ! Edit : I have revise this down to 4 star due to the cord retraction mechanism . after use the cooker for about a month , the cord often will not retract and have to be store with the cord hang out . I would say we can get it to retract about once in 10 attempt , and the one time it work it no longer retract fully .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive it but have not get a chance to use it yet . but it look very nice and the quality be very good . I love it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	use it to cook oatmeal and rice - nice convenient size - break after 3 week - shoddy quality control - cant recommend
RiceCooker	POS	4	buy this as a present . the recipient , early 20 's college student , love the practicality , ease , and convenience . Perfect rice everytime .
RiceCooker	POS	4	Works great just like another review i read you need to put a towel underneath it or it leave a film
RiceCooker	POS	4	first time work great ! need to adjust the water depend on the type of rice . Easy to do and great to have rice soooo easy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive this rice maker about a week ago and be extremely happy with my purchase . I buy this to replace my cuisinart 4 cup rice maker which I have for about 4 year and always boil over spilling starchy liquid all over my counter and make rice that be either mushy or hard . I have use my new aroma rice make daily since I get it and have make brown rice , white jasmine rice and quinoa all will excellent result . for both the rice and quinoa , individual grain be detectable , everything be fluffy and not under cook or over cook in the least . I use the measurement specify by the manual for brown rice add 3\/4 cup water -lrb- base on the measure cup provide with the machine -rrb- for each cup of rice I cook , rinse the rice well , do not soak beforehand , and do let my rice and quinoa sit for about 10 minute after the cook button have pop up undisturbed to make sure it be fully steam . I have not have the rice stick to the bottom and have not have any starchy liquid spilling from my machine -lrb- yay ! -rrb- . I do notice that , as some other reviewer note , the cook light do come on the machine when you plug it in rather than the warm light . but I be not really sure that this be a issue . seem like not much of a big deal to I as the rice do not really start cooking until you push the cook button down . once cooking be complete and the button pop up the warm light come on . should you purchase this rice maker ? if you be look for a machine that steam rice well , do not leak , and have a great price tag , I say go for it .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	why do they mention 20 cup of cook rice instead of 10 cup of rice ??? they sell 11 cooker at amazon by title of 10 cup & 20 cup ... they all produce 20 cup of cook rice . why not just categorize they all by 10 cup ? also I have not measure cook rice ... but very much doubt if it be 20 cup ! another problem be , we Indians normally cook rice , rice : water = 1:2 ratio . so the cooker only cook 6 3\/4 of uncooked rice . the cup be base on measurement of a tea cup -lrb- 6 fl oz -rrb- in Asia . so we Asians can cook only 6 3\/4 rice ! aroma be confuse the customer with all they model . the 10 cup model which produce 20 cup of cook rice selling at amazon be - arc-1010 sb , arc-960 sb , arc-940 sb , arc-930 sb , arc-900 sb , arc-150 sb , arc-1000 , arc-200 , arc-1260 f , arc-730 g , arc-790 sd-ing .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I start have problem with this rice cooker right after Amazon 's 30 day return policy expire in December , 2010 . first it start spit liquid out the vent all over the counter . I call the company and they say return it under the one-year warranty . they say to send it in along with $ 12 to cover return shipping . I could expect a retun in 2-4 week . what kind of warranty be this . I take it to the Post Office and they say it would cost $ 12.50 to send it from il to CA . that total $ 24.50 for a warranty fix for a cooker that cost I $ 28 ! and I have to wait 2-4 week after they receive it from I to get it back ! I have be just use it as be for the last couple of month by set it over the sink to catch the mess , but now it do not work at all . I will purchase another from a different company . be sure to read aroma 's warranty before purchase anything from they . they warranty be not even woth as much as they rice cooker
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love my Zojirushi ! my only regret be that I do not buy the bigger one .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be perfect for -lrb- relatively -rrb- small batch . it have do a good job on long-grain , jasmine and basmatus rice , with the automatic feature perform flawlessly . it be very easy to clean , and the non stick removable container perform as promise . it be a welcome replacement for my 14-year old Tiger cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this thing be incredible . do not waste you time with other rice cooker that will just make ok rice then you will not use anymore . it be amazing how evenly this thing cook the rice . there be no bottom layer of burnt crispy rice crust like you get with cheap rice cooker . I be not a big rice eater till I find this gem .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this cooker make reliably great rice , and rather quickly . I have no complaint about its ability to cook rice . the problem be that it spew hot , starchy slime all over the place . it make a gigantic mess . it be not worth it .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	so my rice cooker die yesterday . I plug it in like usual , and in mid-cook the cooking light go off and it never come back on . check the plug etc but nope , it be dead . check when I get it - December 2010 . so for 25 buck I get just under 2 year use out of it . I have no complaint about how it make rice and I know it be not expensive , but I be still surprise it only last this long . I 'll say 5 star for performance but only 3 star for longevity .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Cut up some garlic in you rice for a extra tasty kick . this be big enough for two people , but if you have a family of more than three , go with something bigger . make perfect rice , but if you do the max amount of rice , put a little less than the recommend amount of water or it be liable to boil over -lrb- my fiance find that one out the hard way ! -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have never have a rice cooker before but I decide to get one since I be focus on eat healthier and most of the `` good '' rice take forever to cook . I read quite a bit of review on Amazon and decide to get this one . it be really easy to use and a breeze to clean . I do not really care about the exact measurement of rice it actually cook , I just care about the tasty rice it make . I know ton of review on all type of rice cooker complain that it be not technically a full cup of rice . who care ? it still taste the same , right ? anyways , I use chicken broth in make the whole grain brown rice\/wild rice mix . it have so much flavor that I do not need any salt or other seasoning . I put the rice and the chicken broth use the `` cup '' that be include , set the button on `` cook '' and completely and happily forget about it until ding to let I know it be do . it come out perfect and I like that I do not have to worry about remember to stir it like cooking on the stove top . I also like the fact that this rice cooker be small and take up so little space on my kitchen counter . I be look forward to experiment more in cooking with this versatile little rice cooker . I highly recommend it to anyone who be look for a inexpensive , easy to clean , easy to use rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	so far so good , live at a high elevation i need to add more water make make 2 cup . I buy this rice maker specifically for brown rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I will keep this short and sweet since so many people have post great review . this be one awesome rice cooker ! if you love rice , you will love this rice cooker . yes its pricey however any good fuzzy logic rice cooker will be . you cant screw up rice on this machine . wait Ill take that back . I think it be here I read one bad review with someone probably try to cook minute rice in the cooker . anyway follow the instruction and you will get great rice everytime . keep rice fresh and warm for a long time . one thing buyer should think about with this rice cooker , if you like to steam thing in a rice cooker this be not the one for you . you cant steam anything be a fuzzy logic .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Great , it live up to all the excellent review . I have use a Zojirushi rice cooker in a rental condo in Hawaii . I be reluctant to buy one because it be expensive . my husband want it so I buy it for he birthday . it have be worth the investment . we have use it for rice , oatmeal -lrb- set it up to be ready in the morning when you wake-up -rrb- , and wheat berry . you have to adjust the water for other application but everything turn out delicious . wheat berry and steel cut oatmeal turn out almost like tapioca with a moist berry that pop in you mouth when you bite they .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker b\/c I break the glass top on 2 other rice cooker and decide this one look nice . I love the idea that it do not have a glass cover . so far , I be very happy with this rice cooker . it be super easy to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I never really think of myself as someone who make rice a lot , but I always hate make it on the stove . I look into a few rice cooker on amazon and see they be all pretty poorly review , except this one . this be the best appliance I have ever purchase , bar none . it make it so easy to get restaurant-quality rice in about 30-45 minute -lrb- depend on if you use the `` quick '' setting or not -rrb- , and rice become a variable that you do not need to worry about while prepare you dinner . it be just there and ready for you when you need it . I be not a great cook , but this thing be idiot proof . it be worth spend the money on it , I use it all the time and do not regret the purchase price one bit . buy one if you even remotely love have rice with meal , you will not regret it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this appliance do only two thing -- it cook rice , and it cook irish oatmeal . it have a timer that let you prepare the oatmeal the night before so that it be ready when you get up in the morning , and it will keep it warm if you be late . same for the rice . but I do not think it be worth try to do anything else with it , like cook a entire meal in one pot . get a crock pot for that . one of my favorite thing about it be that it play a little tune when the rice or oatmeal be ready . quite cheery .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	buy this product 6 month ago ... just fry the electrical componet out of the blue ... b & d suck ... run away ! pay for the higher end rice cooker and do you self a favor !
RiceCooker	POS	4	it be a great rice maker - make good rice without effort . my only cause not to give it 5 star be that it take a long time to make the rice - approximately 2-3 time longer than my old cheapo rice cooker . BUT the rice it do make be way better . I especially enjoy the timer function so I can wake up to freshly make rice or oatmeal in the morning . I would say that it be definately worth the money so far .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my second rice cooker . my first -lrb- from a different manufacturer -rrb- be a failure at cooking rice because the stuff stick to the surface of the pot . it do a fine job steam veggy , however . but then I be not look for a veggie steamer . I have no need for a ton of rice , so this little cooker make a perfect amount for my husband and I . cook like it be suppose to and stop cooking like it be suppose to . it take up no more room than it need to . I like it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I love rice cooker . this one be go to be a upgrade for I , but it break after 2 use . I dont know how you would clean the lid properly . I like to chuck all the bit in a dishwasher and do not get to do that with this one . look for another now .
RiceCooker	POS	5	order to replace a older , mechanical timer cooker . what a difference , especially for brown and sweet rice that seem to benefit from the computerized timer . also do a great job with egg -lrb- hard boil in the steamer tray , complete with little egg ` notch ' -rrb- and for steam vegetable .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy a rice cooker for the first time in my life . after read other people review I decide to try out this one . it be worth it . I use the cooker 2 or 3 time a week . and it work great . I have not have any problem with it so far . only one thing I do not like about this cooker be that it be really small and the cup be small too . if you have a bigger family then this be not for you . it be for the small family . very much recommend .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a great rice cooker until it break . I have have this rice cooker for about 7month . I make perfectly good rice last night and today when I go to make more the rice cooker be completely dead : -lrb- something like this should last more that seven month consider its only use every few week .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I return this about 5 minute after open because of the cheap feeling of the button and the just overall terrible quality of this product . do not buy !
RiceCooker	POS	5	the cooker do a great job and save a lot of time ! the cooker do a great job and save a lot of time !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a surprise gift to my wife , for no particular occasion . just a sign of appreciation because she really , really like rice but it be much more than a rice cooker . of course , - it cook porridge - it cook sushi rice - it cook rinse-free rice - it cook haiga rice - it cook mixed\/sweet rice - it cook brown rice - it cook sprout brown rice - it cook -lrb- if you be in a hurry -rrb- you rice quickly in addition , - it slow cook -lrb- 2 setting -rrb- - it make tofu - it steam - it boil egg accessory include : a spatula , a measure cup , a tofu container , inner lid for rice and slow cooking , titanium-coated and well marked inner pot for rice and slow cooking and recipe include in the manual and in a separate , full-color book by famous chef Martin Yan with 16 additional recipe . we have have this cooker for several month now and my wife be very happy with it . she often use it to make soup and , of course , for rice . we have not try the tofu maker yet but she be use it , occasionally to steam vegetable or boil egg . we be impress by the easy to use control - it take about 10 minute to learn how to operate it . some of the more useful feature include the ` keep warm ' capability that actually come with a time indicator tell you for how many hour the contents have be keep warm and a timer that allow you to easily program the cooker to start at a specific time . to my surprise , the multilingual manual -lrb- english\/japanese\/chinese -lrb- ? -rrb- \/ korean -lrb- ? -rrb- be complete and write well enough to be easily understand -lrb- the English section -rrb- . we be very happy with this appliance . it fully deserve a 5-star rating .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be not a rice cooker expert . just a guy that be look for a quality rice cooker . one that would make my life easier and one that would not force I to re-enroll in ITT to learn how to use it . this unit come highly acclaimed on various site , have the logic circuitry that I want and do not require a mortgage . this cooker be so user friendly and make fabulous food and fabulous rice every stinkin ' time without a babysitter . the clock and circuitry on the front panel remain on and visible even when the unit be not plug in due to a internal battery . this be rippin ' cool cuz I do not want to be force to leave it plug in due to limited counter space but also I do not want to reset the stupid thing every time I do replug it in ! cool stuff . great cooker in every way . it have a cool push-button lid that when press it allow the hinged top to open at just the right rate due to power controlled hinge prevent the unit from just fling open . just quality and thoughtful all around . would buy it again in a heartbeat !
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have own several less expensive rice cooker , but this one have be well worth the cost so far . it have cook perfect rice without scorch every time we have use it -lrb- we prefer brown rice for a healthier diet -rrb- . it do take a little longer to cook but we have learn to time it to coincide with the rest of the meal . the clean-up be very quick and easy and it do not take up too much storage space . it be very well-made but we be a little surprised at how small the rice pot be . this have not present a problem for we as it make plenty of rice to meet we need . I have not cook anything else in it yet . my daughter live in Japan and say this brand be very good . the only other issue be that the cord be removable versus retractable . this also have not present a problem , but I do not remember if the information provide tell we that . it look like a miniature robot and we love to hear the start and end tune .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	so the first one that arrive have a lid that be a little too small . it do not perfectly close the rice pot , and the lid wobble on the top of the pot . get a replacement , and then the lid work out ok . the rice cooker be ok , but not perfect . the rice at the bottom get kinda dry , and the rice on the top be a little too wet . after its do cooking , you have to stir the rice around abit , pop the lid back on , and let it sit on `` warm '' for another 5-10 minute . then you 'll get a perfectly cook rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I pay $ 27.96 . now it be only $ 23.70 . what a deal for a great little rice cooker . if you do not like the frilly flower , you could always pay $ 10-15 more for the exact same machine without they . as for I , I like save money .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I give my adult child these Zojirushi rice cooker for Christmas gift last year . yesterday -- while do some holiday shopping for this year -- both of they comment about how much they love the cooker . they be very impressed with how good the rice always turn out and how easy it be to clean the interior bowl .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	its so small that it will probably be good a for a serve for a 5yr old . . no exaggeration here ... size do matter
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be Japanese\/American , and have eat steamed rice all my life . have own a rice cooker almost all of my adult year . this be my second Zojurishi cooker . own a Zojurishi be so way worth it . why ? it just plain cook the rice as well as it can be make . I few year ago , I relocate to a far away local and eventually purchase a run of the mill rice cooker , and never like it . finally purchase another Zojurishi and now think I be silly for the time I do not have it . full feature and cooking option be cool too . the only draw back on my current model be that it do not have a run off for excess condensation , like my other one have . this do not affect the quality of my rice , just a noticeable difference . I shop and Amazon offer a excellent price with free shipping . no brainer .
RiceCooker	POS	5	look to upgrade my $ 10 Salton no frill model I read every one of the review on this product on Amazon and I also research Zojirushi 's website . there I find video tour that cover how to use and clean the cooker and other good information . I be hesitant to pay so much for a rice cooker but base on the overall good review I purchase the 3 cup model . I do see the concern regard the bowl flaking , the rubber liner wear out and the cord not retract . I do not know of a coated cooking pan that do not wear off after time so that be not a issue for I . they do warn that flaking be natural in the video and that the coating be harmless which I hope be true . a replacement bowl be $ 30 should you go that route . the rubber lining be part of the removable inner lid . the replacement cost for the lid be $ 12 . the complaint mention not be able to keep the rice warm 12 hour without the seal but I serve the rice when it be do so it be not a issue for I . at least this part be less expensive than the bowl which be heavy and well make . lastly should the cord no longer retract that will not affect how well this rice cooker cook rice so again not a issue for I . I have find that pull it out the full length help with the rewind . so far I have cook brown rice and a wild rice mix , both turn out perfect and delicious . it be a sharp look appliance , easy to use , easy to clean and operate . I even like the goofy song it play at the beginning and end of the cook cycle . speak of end the timer come on during the last minute of cooking to let you know when the rice will be do . follow the instruction and you 'll have a perfect cooking experience and delicious rice every time . I love this cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	have grow up with a one-button rice cooker , I be look for a more sophisticated multi-functional rice cooker and find it in the Sanyo ecj-hc55 . I use it regularly for white rice and brown rice . the timer functionality make cooking rice a breeze . Rice come out consistently perfect every time . meal planning be not a issue since I can set the timer to cook the rice just before I get home . no more wait around for the rice to be ready ! what I really love about this device be its slow cooker functionality . bean , lentil and beef stew all come out tender and tasty with minimal work . the only feedback I have about it be that the instruction manual have very little on the slow cooker functionality and minimal guideline on how much liquid to add , as well as which setting should be use -lrb- high\/low-temperature slow cooking -rrb- for what item . I have have my device for 6 month and have no complain so far . clean and cooking be a breeze !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use electric ricer before but none as good as this one . a friend recommend this brand to I when I complain that my brown rice never come out right in the electric rice cooker that I have . my friend have this Zojirushi cooker and tell I the rice come out perfect and the bowl clean up quickly . she be right on all count ! the rice come out fluffy and do to perfection , whether I be use white short or long , or brown rice . the warmer feature be great because I can make my rice ahead of time and know that when we be ready to eat , the rice will still be nice and warm and fluffy . I would recommend this Zojirushi Rice cooker very highly .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this rice cooker a year ago . it still work great , make perfect rice , and be reasonably easy to clean . recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the aroma be a excellent rice-cooker . if you read the instruction , then you should have no problem . I have not test it on oatmeal or as a veggie-steamer yet , but that be my next project .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the perfect rice cooker . I love its tiny size -lrb- its footprint be just a little larger than a gallon of Crystal Geiser water -rrb- , the ease of use , the nifty retractable cord , and the timer -- oh the timer ! what a wonderful invention . make dinner so much easier to plan . the only complaint I have be that it be MUCH too small for we little family -lrb- I , my husband , and we 18-month-old baby -rrb- . other reviewer have say it be perfect for a small family . not so for we . maybe it be because we eat more rice than the average `` small '' family , but after one use , it be quite apparent that we will be sell we gently use one and buy the 5.5 cup version . we eat both brown and white rice , but I have only cook white rice so far . prospective buyer should know that the max capacity for white rice be only two cup -lrb- not the full capacity of three cup -rrb- . not sure why . all I know be that `` for best result , '' the instruction recommend not cook any more than 2 cup of white rice . Hope this help . other than the size not work for we , this cooker be great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a nice , basic rice cooker . I have want to get a rice cooker for some time but debate what size and model to get . the size be perfect for one or two people , and the steamer addition allow you to prep veggy and other food to complement you meal . I have be able to cook other grain and bean like quinoa and lentil , respectively , with great result . one word of advice : make sure to use the cooker in a open area to quickly clean up water splatter and to avoid steam from potentially damaging kitchen cabinet .
RiceCooker	POS	5	cook rice well , and the rice do not stick to the pot even though I do not add any liquid to the side to prevent it from stick . Perfect for serve 1-3 people .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and I just love the rice cooker because of the quality of the cooking bowl and the design layout be very simple and straight forward . the cooking time be about 35 min for two people and 55 min for four people . overall , this be a good rice cooker and we love it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product do not correctly represent itself . there be a little cup inside , smaller than a american cup . this unit do not even make 8 full american size cup of finish rice .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	first , it turn out to be a LOT smaller than you would think . one cup of rice and two cup of water fill the pan all the way to the top , to the point where grain get blow out of the little steam-release hole in the glass top . in the three time I use it it always leave a very burned layer at the bottom . not just some crispy stuff , but burn all the way black . then the worst -- after three use the whole unit burn out and stop work . this be cheap , but no matter , a complete waste of money .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be really the best rice cooker for I . I can cook a little rice without burnt bottom anymore . prior to this one , I always have to cook more than I need and throw away the bottom part . also the rice just come out right . be a asian , it be such a big deal to have the rice do right . it be much better than the less expensive brand .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this rice cooker for my 84 year old grandma . she need a small , basic cooker with a nonstick interior for easy clean-up -- nothing fancy , no multiple setting or button . it be perfect for she . the only drawback be the fact that the nonstick interior be dark , so it be difficult to see the line which tell you where to fill the water . -lrb- again -- it be for my grandma -- other might not have a problem here -rrb- . she say she like it , and it be a snap to clean up .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I buy this cooker while ago and I be very pleased with it . it do ' amazing work almost with everything you through inside and almost anything I mean not only rice , vegetable and steal cut oats ; also buckwheat , bean , millet groat and etc. . so far I just try to find out all possibility you can do with logic rice cooker . you may find plenty recipe online and most of they must be adjust to you type of rice cooker ; just play with it and try even it may take to repeat it 2-3 time , you will be please with outcome . I be . the only problem I do have with mine rice cooker be partially break or badly manufacture upper steam vent cap . how I notice ? simply you have to wash all part when you do cooking ... and that way I notice something like crack and later after longer investigation I will say that molding process do not finish well . I order replacement from Amazon ; it arrive very quickly , but guess what ???? New one have exactly the same issue like the previous one . it seem to I that entire series may have the same problem , so just be aware of it . Mine do work so far even with this problem . how long it will work ? I do not know . great product , I love it ... ... it have a issue !!!!
RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent rice cooker - I have own 2 aroma rice cooker now & they be both great . this one have a truly non-stick pan , and the steam come out of the spout gently , not spew out like some do . this be a great buy for a good price . we use it 2-3 time a week , and be happy so far ! Fluffy , perfect rice . I do not use the include measure cup - I have learn over time that for every 1c . of dry rice , add 1 1\/4 c. water , and it come out perfectly ! this be the case for sticky rice , jasmine , and regular long grain . happy rice cooking !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker\/stamer be great use it all the time . my husband love it very easy to use pefect rice all the time .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	if you like rice mush . THIS be for you . if you want cook FLUFFY RICE LOOK elsewhere .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I purchase this item from a local retailer less than two week ago . I use it the first time right after I buy it . I find the direction a bit disjointed , the rice be fine . the second time I use it , a week later , it just quit . the cooking process just stop and go into warm mode while the rice be still raw . I unplug it and try again , same thing . just kick over to warm mode within 5 minute . so , back to the pot on the stove and back to the store for this cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker , it be so easy to use and steam vegetable be great ! very happy with this product and highly recommend it . actually , I send one to a friend of mine for she birthday and she love it too !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it be work for a month and stop work . initally the light do not come up and we do not know whether the cooker be work or not . probably due to defective wiring or some thing . Black & Decker should make the quality process more stringent when they procure -lrb- part -rrb- it from outside .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have no complaint at all with this product . these beat cooking rice on the stove because when the rice be do the cooker immediately switch to warmer mode ; hence , you do not need to be nearby and remove the rice right away -lrb- as you do when cooking on stove top -rrb- .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	small and convenient . cook rice really well . unfortunately stop work after 5 use . I will return it and try a replacement in hope I just get a dud .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the Aroma Rice Cooker arc-998 be the only rice cooker I will ever need . my boyfriend and I have be research rice cooker for a while now , and end up purchase this one since it be on sale at target for $ 25.00 . we be rice lover but have never use a rice cooker or cook rice on we own before . we use short grain white Hitomebore rice -lrb- extra sticky japanese rice commonly use in sushi and rice ball -rrb- and the rice come out absolutely perfect the first time we use it ! it be the best rice we have ever have , and that be quite a accomplishment since we often go to japanese and chinese restaurant . it do not stick or scorch at all , which be a surprise consider all the previous user review for this product . my point be , if we can cook rice for we first time use EXTRA STICKY rice and have it come out perfect , than there be absolutelly nothing wrong with this cooker . I believe that those who have have the rice burn be not properly wash it before cook it . Rice be naturally starchy , and if the excess starch be not properly wash off before cooking , then it can result in burning and scorching . my only advice to those people be to properly wash you rice until the water run almost clear and not milky anymore .
RiceCooker	POS	4	all these great review ... I do not get it . I have try several way to try and make rice without success . whether its a half cup or a whole it take well over 1.5 hour to cook and I end up with moush . a few minute in the microwave come out so much better . I should have return it when I have the chance . 6\/23\/2010 Update . for those who have request I update my review ... yes I do use top quality rice and I do rinse it first , but what I have find be you need to play with the quantity of water inorder to make good rice . both the rice and Zojirushi say to use a 1:1 ratio of water and rice , but I have find it need to be closer to 1.25:1 water to rice . now that I have find the correct ratio it do cook rice well ... I just wish it be quicker than a hour and a half .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have never own a rice cooker before this , however , I have cook lot of rice over the year . its a inexpensive rice cooker and if you follow the direction , it 'll do fine . since move to the mountain of Colorado , its take I year to adjust to the lower the boiling point due to the higher elevation -lrb- 8300 ' -rrb- ... it take more time -lrb- add ~ 10-20min -rrb- and the dry climate mean use more water -lrb- for a 1 cup of dry rice , take ~ 2.5 + cup water rather than 2cup -rrb- . still , there have be many time when rice just do not work out the way I want . so I mention that it would be nice to have a rice cooker and let it deal with the cook time . of course I have do some research , and when this come in the mail as a present , I be a little nervous since Oster 's seem to get so-so review . well , I cook my typical basmatus rice , a 1\/2 cup dry and add my typical 1c water plus extra , put lid on , press the button and go to do something else . a lot of reviewer mention how the rice on the bottom get over-cooked , sometimes brown or burnt . some reviewer like the crunchiness , some hate it . well , the direction tell you to stir the rice - especially the bottom of the cooker after 15 minute . sure enough , the rice at the bottom be start to stick . I scrape it all loose , add another 1\/4 cup water , chop it up a little , put the lid on , and let fate take its course . would the rice by a burnt mess ? 20 minute later we have the best sticky rice we have ever have ! plus it seem to cook faster . and I really like that it go to ` warm ' mode automatically . one major drawback : it spew hot sticky water up under the lid and through the vent all over the kitchen but once we wipe the lid off -lrb- without pick up the lid -rrb- , it settle down . if you be a neat freak or want a set-and-forgot , this rice cooker be not for you . and for I , I 'll come up with a little steam catcher helmet and deal with the mess . for the price , its a good buy . and , I love the red color too ! -lrb- find this cool tip from Spyce : to help keep the starch from bubble up and spray out of the vent hole , rinse the rice thoroughly and drain . heat a small amount of olive oil in the rice bowl , once the oil be heat , carefully add the rice and saute it for 3 to 4 minute . add the water and continue cooking . -rrb- I be go to try this tip next time ! BTW , this cooker seem like a knock-off of the similar rival rice cooker -lrb- both own by Jarden -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker to replace we old one which just stop work : -rrb- I choose it because it get great review . it cook rice perfectly and the rice never stick to the pot like we old rice cooker . the size -lrb- small-ish -rrb- be great for we small kitchen and perfect for we family of 3 . I like the stainless steel look also and the silly tune that it play when you turn it on and off . one thing i do not like - it seem a little slow .
RiceCooker	POS	4	buy this rice cooker as it look like it would do everything I require it to do and be a good price . unfortunately I have not be able to use it as the voltage be completely different in the UK , so I may need to return it or try to sell it throught Amazon . it be deliver within 6 day which be great .
RiceCooker	POS	4	my parent have this aroma rice cooker , whereas I have a cheaper black and Decker at my own apartment . so I have experience with rice cooker and I must say that this aroma one be pretty good . for one thing , I like the lock lid , as oppose to a removable glass lid -lrb- like on my black and Decker -rrb- with a hole in it . this mean less clean-up . however , it also mean that the cooking vessel can not serve as its own pot that you could just put directly into the fridge with leftovers ; cheaper rice cooker with glass lid effectively increase you storage capacity , in a way . but it be a minor quibble . best of all , this aroma unit consistently make good rice without ever burn the bottom or produce a sticky starchy layer at the bottom . my black and Decker , as good as it be , ALWAYS produce a slightly toast starchy layer at the bottom . the unit be not super-fast , but not slow either . I can make two cup of dry brown rice in about 40 minute . this unit be not huge , though , and I do not think it can make more than three dry cup of brown rice . if you be cook for more than two people , you might want to get larger unit . lastly , the steam vent do occasionally produce some excess water which drip out of the unit onto the surround area . it be only do this once so far , but make sure to keep a eye out if you have papers or other electronics nearby .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the overall quality of this rice be pretty good . the function be easy to use and the rice it cook come out nicely .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the perfect size rice cooker for my husband and I . fit on my available counter space -lrb- I probably have every small appliance know to man -rrb- . i love steel cut oats but hate the time to cook in the morning . I set this up the night before on brown rice setting and my oatmeal be ready in the be . cook great rice also .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	worst rice cooker ever . I only put in half a cup of rice and it boil over make the kitchen a huge mess . DO NOT BUY .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very pleased with this product . I do all that I need . Great for one person and the rice be perferctly cook
RiceCooker	POS	4	we have be use a Oster Rice Maker that we receive as a wedding gift 10 year ago . we never really like it but do not want to spend a bunch of money on a nicer one . we finally break down after 10 year and purchase this one after read many , many review . it have many different setting and the keep warm setting work great . we old rice maker have 2 settings-cook or keep warm . on keep warm it always burn the rice-this one do not ! the rice be nice and fluffy hour later on the keep warm setting . this rice maker be very easy to use and cook rice perfectly . we have use it for both white rice and wild rice and it work great . I like the little musical announcement that the rice be do . my husband be very concerned about the size but he seem to like it now . -lrb- he always make way too much rice anyway , so I be glad this one have a reasonable limit . -rrb- we be a family of 4 and it work great for we , however I think that be about the max . if we have another family over for dinner , we probably could not serve rice . it take a very long time to cook so we could not just whip up another batch for we guest . if you have a large family or like to entertain , I would recommend the larger size for sure . that be the only reason I give 4 star . for the price , I would expect a much larger capacity . the size on the counter be nice though and it look pretty cool . I use to hide the rice maker in a closet and pull it out as need , but since this one be so darn cool look , I keep it out . plus it make we look rich since it be so ridiculously expensive !! ; - -rrb- overall , I be satisfy with this purchase , but only because I `` m sure we 'll use it for another 10 year and we eat rice fairly often , so it justify the price . now if I could just find a coffee maker that do not suck , my life would be complete ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	this thing be great . do everything it be suppose to . Perfect rice every time and when you be ready for it -lrb- timer and warmer work great ! -rrb- Wish I would buy the bigger one , tho .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a 6 cup rice cooker ... right ? on page five under the head `` cooking rice '' the manual read ... `` this cooker can cook up to 1 1\/2 measure of rice and yield a maximum of about 3 cup of cook rice '' . this little statement will leave you rack you brain when you compare it to page 7 which indicate that to yield 5 1\/2 cup of cook rice you should use 3 rice meaure -lrb- each measure be 3\/4 cup -rrb- and fill the water up to the 3 cup mark . I have to call customer service to find out which be correct . the answer be that the guide on page 7 of the manual be correct . the statement on page 5 -lrb- five -rrb- be simply incorrect accord to the customer service rep. I ignore page 5 and put in 3 full measure of rice and i can verify that it yield just over 5 cup of white rice . one other note ... the rice measure have to be fill to the brim to be a full `` measure '' of rice . ignore the very pronounced ring of plastic just below the rim . it be just another confusing issue with this product . Edit : so we have be use this product for quite some time now . I have move past the mistake in the instruction . if you consider the price , this thing be darn near amazing . I can not give it 5 star since the actual yield be less than advertise . I will say that we have use this to cook flawless Quinoa -lrb- try it with seafood stock to go with you salmon -rrb- , brown Rice and white rice . we use this silly little appliance a lot . I be add a star .
RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent quality . do a great job at cooking rice . not sure how `` fuzzy logic '' work - but it taste good !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I order this one to replace a similar but larger rice cooker I have use for 20 year . it work great , provide a measure cup , spatula and spatula holder on the cooker , and easy instruction . great product for the price .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I didnt check on its dimension before buy it . although I love Amazon but I never understand how could Amazon be so ignorant in about product description . it not just about this product , they dont explain the specification and detail of the product as good as it could be see in google online purchase . many time I have to google the product , do its webssite , check the detail and then come back to amazon and order it . nonetheless it be certainly a very small cooker , just good enough for cooking rice enough for 2 people -lrb- if they eat normally : d -rrb- . Cooker work great . be use it for 6 month and no complain yet .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I order this rice cooker to replace the one I have for about 15 year . I like this model that come with the big spoon holder which I now use every time . it cook rice well : as someone say in a review post before I place my order , a rice cooker be a rice cooker . and since it be the same size as my former rice cooker , it fit the old pot that I have . a full batch of cook rice in this pot easily serve 6-8 hungry people . the delivery be also timely so I be very satisfied with the purchase .
RiceCooker	POS	5	nice cooker . even a dutchman can make perfect rice . do everything promise , but I woule expect nothing less from Zojirushi . my only issue be that it be a size bigger than I need when I do not have the kid . have I see it in person first I would have go for the smaller size . it do keep rice warm and ready to eat for day . if you look for a rice cooker , I recomend this one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker and I want to go big or go home . I only eat brown rice and trust I I struggle with cooking it on the stove top . with this baby I have make perfect rice everytime . I love the timer setting . I actually dont have a problem with the timer be the time you want the stuff to be finish . I would rather not have to calculate how long it would take something to cook . this way it will simply be ready when you want it to be . so far I have not have to do any guess work in figure out the measurement . just follow the line on the bowl and use the little plastic cup . Horay perfect brown rice everytime . it be small , cute , quiet , and not much steam be emit . even my uncle want one . highly reccomended .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be probably a little bigger than what I have expect or need , but who know when you might actually need 20 cup of rice . it also have a couple of nice feature that I do not expect . there be a steam condensate catcher on the back of the unit so that when you open the lid , it do not all run down the back of the unit . it detach easily for cleaning . also , mine come with a rice paddle so do not bother purchase a extra one because it be include . the cord be fairly long ... about 4 foot so that help with versatility in appliance placement . the first batch of rice I make be a brown , red , and long grain wild rice mix . it probably could have use just a touch extra water or perhaps I over fill the rice measurement cup . the brown and red rice be perfect but the long grain wild rice could have use a extra few minute or some extra water . probably a pitfall of mix different type of rice and not a shortcoming of the machine . the only drawback that I see be that the `` steam '' tray be make of plastic . I would have hope they would make it out of metal like the main rice compartment but I be more of a grill fan than a steamer fan so I probably will not use it anyway . all in all , pretty happy with the unit so far . Pretty much agree with the other positive review . the negative review about the capacity be a strange one . it yield up to 20 cup of cook rice from 10 cup of dry rice ... hope that clear up any confusion . enjoy and happy rice make !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I own two rice cooker . one be a fuzzy logic 5.5 cup Panasonic that work very well . I also want a on\/off\/warm larger -lrb- 8-cup -rrb- rice cooker so I could make the recipe from the Cajun rice cooker cookbook . I can highly recommend this aroma rice cooker , it do everything you would want it to and for a great price ! also come with a nice plastic vegetable steamer tray .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this cooker be great for cooking small amount of rice , I have yet to try a full pot . base on the direction recommendation for cooking one serve , it be about 15 minute too long . but with any product never use before it be all about trial and error . I would recommend this to anyone who like to cook rice but do not want to use up the pot they have for other dish . take up a small amount of counter space , and the cleanup be so easy . 4\/5
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I cook rice everyday . the cooker itself look nice and it be great while the moisture seal be new and supple , but after a year or so this rubber seal tend to flatten . and then you will not be able to keep the rice warm too long before you have rice that be dry on top and soggy at the bottom . this be the 2nd zojirushus Microm i have own with the same problem and yes the teflon on the bowl wear off too . Wish it be stainless instead .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	besides be a rice cooker , this unit be also a vegetable steamer , which be what I primarily use it for . it be very slow to heat up . about 10 min before it actually start steam vegetable . much slower than the previous steamer I have which be almost instantly in action . the slowness really force you to plan you meal differently .
RiceCooker	POS	4	easy to use and work well and can steam veggy as well also come with accessory with good overall quality .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work once . the rice be pretty good . the second time we use it , it fail to heat up . there be power , but the light do not go on either . I return it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	receive my rc3303 today , follow the instruction to the letter , and end up with a full pot of perfectly cook long grain white rice . very pleased .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy the rice cooker after debate the purchase for 2 year and shop around . pro : - make perfect rice - can make other grain in it - make fantastic and easy risotto - insert can go in dishwasher - have button for brown rice con : - release lot of steam , do not put on counter under cabinet - after use , need to sit open to dry out before put away - do not have timer , only preset button for brown rice , white rice and steam - have to use rice cup instead of normal measure cup overall I love this rice maker and will continue to use it . Hope it work for a long time !!!
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get it today and make some rice -lrb- the cheapest walmart best value rice -rrb- . and still this cooker cook it so well . no overcooking or undercook whatsoever . I didnt even have to look at the cooker till it be do . highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have a different rice cooker that have the same messiness problem . if I place the spoon cup side down over the hole while the rice be cooking , there be no mess at all except on the top of the lid . and the steam be still able to escape .
RiceCooker	POS	4	ever since I purchase this item , I have be use it almost every single day ! it be extremely convenient and be a snap to use . I live in a small apartment and this be the perfect size for one person . I always cook 1 cup of uncooked rice and it be a hearty serve for one person . it be very easy to measure all you ingredient because the non-stick bowl have mark line on the inside -lrb- 1 cup , 2 cup , and 3 cup -rrb- to show you how much water to add . clean-up be a breeze because of the non-stick bowl . my favorite rice to make be jasmine rice with lot of lime juice , a little lemon juice , and cilantro . I add the rice to the non-stick bowl -lrb- 1 cup uncooked -rrb- . then I add enough lime juice so that all of the rice be wet and soak in it . then I add just a little bit of lemon juice -lrb- 1-2 tsp . -rrb- . then add a bit of butter and some salt . after rice be cook , mix in 2 tsp . of cilantro and stir well . it be delicious and it be the only rice I ever make . the only problem with this unit be that you have to check the rice occasionally during the cooking phase , otherwise the bottom of the rice will brown . it be not a catastrophe and be easily remedy . First off , let I just say that if the rice brown a bit , it only look unpleasant . it still taste just as good . to avoid this , you need to wait until the rice have absorb almost all the water . take off the lid and stir the rice thoroughly . once the rice have absorb most of the water , just switch the mode to `` keep warm '' manually -lrb- instead of wait for it to click -rrb- . then occasionally stir the rice while you wait around 5-10 minute -lrb- give or take -rrb- . once the rice have absorb all the water , you can leave it on `` keep warm '' . I like to switch the mode back to `` cook '' for around 3-4 minute so that the rice get nice and hot . the trick be to take it out before it brown the bottom . this sound complicated , but it really be not . just check it occasionally , stir it a few time , then switch it to `` keep warm '' just before all the water be absorb -lrb- 95 % or so should be absorb -rrb- . this be the only flaw with this unit -lrb- hence only 4 star -rrb- . otherwise , I think it be fantastic and it be my new favorite kitchen appliance !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I actually have not use this yet , but I have a black and Decker rice cooker before , and be very happy with it . I be extremely happy with the speed and service of the vendor , and I would certainly order from they again . thank so much !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be not joke . I love this rice cooker . this be the third rice cooker I have purchase , first one from aroma and I gotta tell ya , they have a customer for life . right out of the box it work like it be suppose to and have not stop ! this cooker get use at least twice a week and every batch be do to perfection . I go through Royal Basmati like a wash machine go through water and this cooker be just right for a family of four 's everyday use and can also handel large family function without break a sweat ! do not pass this model up , wallet friendly price and it do what it be suppose to do all the time !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use this cooker twice now and it do a great job prepare rice . I have to avoid gluten so use this at work to make up my special diet food - very easy to use and clean up be a breeze . you do have to read and follow the instruction on how much liquid to use for the various type of rice etc. . all in all a great buy - in fact , I intend purchase the larger -lrb- 6 cup -rrb- version for use at home .
RiceCooker	POS	5	very good cooker better than one I use to have that last a few month . so far this one have be very good , great buy , ty amazon
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice maker prepare the best rice ever ! the timer option it have to be be able to start cooking at a certain time , or have it prepare for you by a certain time be a definite bonus ! the rice always come out fluffy and moist but not drench or super sticky , it be just perfect ! I get this as a gift for my boyfriend for Christmas and he be very picky about he rice and he rave about it and even change we meal plan sometimes just so we can cook rice in it ! I love it too though . definitely recommend this product !
RiceCooker	POS	5	it do a excellent job of cooking for a single or double serve of rice while the meal be finish up . lot of complain about they break early in the first year , but after 5 month and 30 use , I have have no problem .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	nice SMALL cooker , only hold about a cup and a half of rice , enough two to three people . cook it great , only problem I notice be try to get it out . it be hotter than the dickens and the small bowl be not attach to the cooker and you can not just pick it up and scrape it into another serve bowl . the plastic spatula it come with be very stiff and will eventually scratch the teflon . I would recommend this to a friend but only if they understand the problem it have . fast shipping and great packing .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I just buy this rice cooker , my first by the way , from target last Friday so I have only have it for about 5 day at the time of this review . be that as it may , I have use it 3 time already and each time my rice have come out perfect each and every time . I have not have any sticking or burning on the bottom at all but I have also make sure that I rinse my rice properly too so I do not know if that be the key to some of the other people review that say they have have that happen to they . so far I have only use Jasmine rice but look forward to try some brown rice in the near future and have a good feeling that it will also turn out great . I do love the little plastic water catcher that fit in the back of the cooker that catch any water that collect on the lid when you open it , genius .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I never think I need a rice cooker , I have be cooking excellent rice on the stove for 30 + year , but I when I read about this cooker as also a good steel-cut oats cooker , I decide it be time to get one . I read review on all the other model and finally settle on this one . I absolutely can not believe how much I love this thing . it make great rice and great oatmeal -lrb- soaked , which be what I want -rrb- and it be so super easy ! so easy . be sure to read some of the other review here that tell you how much water to use and simply put , how to use the machine , because the manual might as well be in greek . haha . oh -- when I get this , I immediately think I should have get the larger unit , because the maximum amount you can make be 3 cup white rice , and less for brown rice . but -- I now think it be perfect , we be a 2 person household , and it be so easy to use that there be no reason not to make fresh rice every day if you want to . also , I order the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook , Hensperger , at the same time and it be great , very helpful , informative and have yummy recipe . very highly recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	after own 2 cheap rice cooker that each last less than a year and be too small for my large family , I decide to try this model . it have work out wonderfully ! no matter what kind of rice I try , it turn out perfectly . there be several thing that people should be prepare for , though , before they purchase this unit . I have notice other reviewer have complain that they cooker be burn or brown the rice on the bottom . accord to the instruction that come with my rice cooker , this be a normal occurrence . I do not really care if the very bottom of my rice brown , but I have notice that if I open my cooker and stir the rice near the end of the cycle , this be prevent . I have also notice that I do not have to wait until the beep . I usually will stir my rice toward the end of the cycle , and if I see that the water be absorb I will turn it off . this still produce perfect rice , without the crust on the bottom . incidentally , the other two rice cooker I own do the same thing . the benefit of those cooker be that the lid be clear glass , so I could see when the water be absorb , however they be just too small and both stop work within a year of purchase . another complaint I have see be that it take 1 1\/2 hour to cook brown rice . some people even think they cooker be break and throw out the rice after the traditional 45 minute it would have take on a stove top to cook it . per the instruction book , brown rice be better if give some time to soak before cooking . when cooking brown rice , realize that this model allow the rice time to soak before it actually start to cook it . I usually cook brown rice because I believe it be healthier , and we love the taste and texture . because there be a warm setting that kick in when the rice be do , I can make my rice well in advance and allow it to stay warm while I make dinner . if I be in a hurry and still want rice , I will make long grain white rice or basmatus rice . one other complaint I see be that it do not truly make 16 cup of rice . all of the rice cooker I have own have use they own measuring cup and do not make as much rice as we Americans may expect if we be think in term of we measure cup . if you use the measure cup that come with this cooker , it would make the 16 cup . however , I use a regular measuring cup when I make my rice . I usually make 8 cup cook rice , though I believe I could get 10 cup of rice with this cooker . it be more than I be able to make in my previous cooker . incidentally , I do not use twice the amount of water per the amount of rice , though that work . I have find that I like my rice better when I use just under that amount of water or broth . for instance , if I make 4 cup of uncooked rice , I add 7 1\/2 cup of water or broth . this work well for I , though you can use the extra water . again , I usually stir my rice toward the end of the cycle and stop the cook cycle when it look like the water be absorb . I have use this method with all my cooker to prevent the crust on the bottom . I would encourage people to play around a little bit with the amount of water they use , and if they do not like the crust , which really do not bother I when I be too busy to stop and stir it , then they can prevent it by follow the method I just note . a couple of other thing of note : because the brown rice setting be time to allow soak , realize that if you turn it off or unplug it during the process , it will start the process over again when you turn it back on . I be cooking rice in the kitchen at church for a dish-to-pass afterwards . while I be in the service , a well-meaning young woman who be help with the dinner set-up unplug my rice cooker to take it out to the table where they be put food . she then plug it in there , think it be just like any crockpot and would pick up where it leave off . unfortunately , it start to soak the partially cook rice ! this cooker have a lid that be attach , so it can not be remove to be wash in the dishwasher . you must clean it with a cloth every time you use it . there be a black steam catcher in the lid that must be remove and can be wash in the dishwasher . there be also a water catcher that catch water run down the lid when you open it . this also can be wash in the dishwasher . I really like the steam catcher feature because the other cooker I have allow the starchy steam to rise up onto my top cupboard . overall , this be a great rice cooker . it cook the rice perfectly -- whether you allow the crust to form at the bottom , or stir and stop the cook cycle just before this happen after the water be absorb . this cooker have outlast my other two , and it make the largest amount of the three , perfect for my large family or for dish-to-pass supper at church or anywhere else . I believe that if you purchase this cooker , know the fact I list above , you will be happy as I be . by the way , I purchase mine from target for $ 29.99 !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker ! I make a lot of rice - usually white , brown , and mixed . I could never get the brown & mixed grain rice cook right in my old-style rice cooker . it be turn out perfectly every single time in the Sanyo ! this cooker be very easy to use and the instruction that come with it be clear . the machine come with two inner pot and two inner lid - one for rice & another for everything else . the rice pot be heavier than the everything-else pot . both cook just fine . I have steam lot of veggy use the steamer basket . I even make the bread pudding recipe from the manual a couple of time -lrb- with the addition of brandy-soaked raisin -rrb- . the Sanyo cook rice so perfectly that I 'll happily overlook the two minor negative I have encounter . 1 -rrb- the interior pot be not non-stick . Rice do not stick to the rice pot . -lrb- I usually add a tiny bit of oil to the water . -rrb- but , thing really stick to the everything-else pot . 2 -rrb- the steamer insert be plastic & have acquire a faint orange tint from cooking carrot . that be probably the nature of the plastic . in my book these be really minor negative . I would buy this product again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	im currently deploy in Afgahistan and be look for a small , durable rice cooker\/warmer to make whie rice . the size be perfect cause all I need be enough for myself and 1 other friend . it keep the rice fresh and the timmer fuction be perfect . all I do be add the rice and water and set it before I wake up so that I have fresh rice for breakfast -lrb- I be a type of person that can eat rice for every meal -rrb- . the only thing I didnt like be the melody it play and how loud the beeping be . I live in a tent with other people , and we have diffrent sleep time , so it would be nice if there be a opition for silent mode . but hey , its not like everyone in my type of situation . I would recommend this to any bachelor or student .
RiceCooker	POS	5	cook rice very well and simply . two minor negative . although the pot be removable the lid be build in so its difficult to clean the lid . and the flower design on the outside be a bit cheesy . but it cook well .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I use two other type of rice cooker before buy this one . the problem with the first two be rice burning and stick to the bottom of the pan . it be really annoying . this one be much better , the rice be cook softer , taste better . and the price cheaper than the one I buy before , which I be skeptical at first . mom say expensive one should work better , nah ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I recently buy this product to replace one that the lid break and I really like it ! it cook and steam very well . I be very pleased with its look and the size be compact , which be perfect for my small kitchen .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the aroma arc-150sb 20-cup Digital Rice Cooker\/Food Steamer work best for serve 2 to 4 people at a time . if you try to cook one cup of rice or oatmeal , it can do it but you must monitor it . if you do not eat rice , oatmeal , or steamed food , this will likely be a space consuming dust collector to you . I try cook rice and oatmeal , steam garden vegetable -lrb- carrot , broccoli , squash -rrb- , and baked a batch of brownie . the brownie be make directly in the `` rice basket '' and need to be monitor . I think it would have work better with a double-batch . no hard section of the brownie . as I usually need for only one or two people , I have mix feeling about get lesser result for small quantity . it be necessary to go with this size to have steamer basket capability -lrb- my primary need for the unit -rrb- . when you cook for 2 to 4 , it work very well . fuzzy logic make the unit versatile . it be not a re-warmer . -lrb- the unit take time to warm up and require moisture . you will waste time and electric and probably not like the result . -rrb- it be not a slow cooker . accept it . the unit have be easy to clean , and I have not have the horrible pasty mess that other rice cooker make . then again , I have alternate what I cook . maybe steam between cooking starchy food help . this cooker\/steamer do what it claim to do and do it well .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have be try to cut back and eat out less and be look for way to eat simpler when I think of get a rice cooker . this little thing be exactly what I be after : good rice , make simply . and less than $ 15 to boot ! Easy to use , easy to clean , and a single bag of jasmine rice from the local Dominics will last I \* month \* . no complaint here .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be purchase for a friend -lrb- chinese -rrb- - she use it almost every day since the purchase - she love it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I agree with the other reviewer , this be not a 3-cup rice cooker . more importantly it break after only a few time use . now I have to buy a new one , this be a horrible experience . do not buy !!! 1
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I purchase a aroma rice cooker and after I use it twice the lid would not seal . I contact the company and they never even bother to reply . lousy product , lousy customer service . waste money and time . I will never buy another aroma product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the rice cooker have turn out good cook rice twice . it be easy to clean , store , and use . it be cute .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I initially purchase the 6 cup model . after a few month it suddenly stop work . plug it into a good outlet and no light , heat , nothing . since it be just the wife and I , I think I would try this smaller moldel . this one only last 1 month before the very same thing happen . the thing be cheap enough that it be not worth the hassle and pay return shipping - so I 'll just eat the loss and learn a lesson about Black & Decker appliance .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be all I expect and more . I be concern it would be too small for a two person family , but that be not the case . it make perfect rice and be easy to clean up afterwards . you must buy the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook to get the full benefit of this beautifully engineer cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	4	after switch to brown rice and never quite get it to cook perfectly on stove top I decide to buy a rice cooker . I pick this one due to the good review , and I want something small enough for my limited counter top . I use 1 1\/2 of the provide measure cup for the rice -lrb- to make 3 cup -rrb- . the rice cook almost perfectly . the flaw be the rice be brown at the very bottom of the bowl , and some water splash out of the vent hole during cooking . but still it be the best brown rice batch I have ever cook , be not sticky or clumped . for the second batch I use less rice and water to make a little over 2.5 cup of cook rice , and I stir it twice off of the bottom during cooking -lrb- be careful lift the lid and use a hot pad -rrb- , and this time it come out perfectly . if it stop work in the next few month I will update my review , but for now it be nearly the perfect rice cooker for 1-2 people , and for limited counter space .
RiceCooker	POS	4	great tiny appliance but if you want to learn to economize when cooking rice : this one for you ! when I read its description of a 3 cup cooker I imagine 3 cup of rice . not so ... 2cups water + one cup rice = 3 cups\/yield total ingredient . will be useful for heat up cheese sauce , dip etc. . so really usueful once you get over the shock of it be tiny size .
RiceCooker	POS	4	have lose my zac-10 in a reversal of matrimonial bliss , I finally scrape enough together to replace it . be it great ? yup . four star though . why ? the rice bowl , unlike the zac-10 , have no handle ... or anything else to restrict it from rotate when you stir the rice . so it spin in the cooker . it be too thin to hold with a oven mitt , and too hot to hold with you hand . this be what engineer call stupid . not sure which one have the molded wing on the bowl but I would recommend that over this .
RiceCooker	POS	4	freak engrish instruction do not explicitly tell you how to cook rice . they do not even imply it . they do not say add rice to the bowl , then add water to the indicated level on the bowl . it take I three batch of rice before I figure it out . I be fill up the bowl with water to the indicated mark , then add rice . way too much water . after make rice pudding several time , add less and less water each time , I finally figure out you be suppose to add the rice to the bowl , then add the water to the indicated mark . now that I have figure that out , it seem to be do a good job .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	aroma arc-150sb 20-cup Digital Rice Cooker and Food Steamer  THIS RICE COOKER be a 10 CUP RICE COOKER . it be told to ME that it be a 20 cup cook RICE !! have ANYONE ACTUALLY measure cook RICE to ACTUALLY get 20 cup ??????? when you advertise for 20 cup you measure 20 cup of UNCOOKED RICE !!!!!!!!!!!!! SO HOW DO you actually know what you buy ??? SO be a 10 CUP RICE COOKER ACTUALLY A 5 CUP UNCOOKED RICE COOKER ????? advertise it correctly do not mislead customer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get the 3-cup cooker for Christmas last year . I would add it to my wish list , after see it on a list of top-rated product on Amazon . I be so glad I find it . I make stir-fry about twice a week . it be good for you , I love it , and my better half could eat it every day and not tire of it . however , cooking rice be always a hassle . constantly watch the stove , stir it , and then remove it from heat at just the right time . I be try to work out the timing so the rice would finish at the same time as my stir-fry , so both be hot , but it rarely work out . and do not get I start on brown rice , which take much longer to cook . I could never get the timing right . but with this rice cooker , all I have to do be load the rice , add the water , and start it . since it keep rice warm without dry it out for up to 12 hour , I can start it long before I fire up the wok and it 'll be ready whenever we be . my complaint be relatively minor . the instruction be not translate into english very well , but as long as you know to put the rice in before you add the water , that be 90 % of what you need to know . I do not think the cooking bowl be dishwasher safe , but it be easily clean by soak in hot water with a little soap overnight . also , the ` cup ' you use for measure rice be actually not a full-sized cup . however , two ` cup ' of brown rice make enough for she and I to eat a full dinner , and still have enough for two lunch-sized leftover portion , so this be not a drawback for I . cooking my favorite meal have never be easier .
RiceCooker	POS	5	after burn out 3 pot try , I quit make rice until I could find a cooker that be the right size -lrb- small -rrb- , be easy to clean , and would not break after 3 use -lrb- National -rrb- . when i see the Zojirushi could also make steel cut oats I be sell . I have use it for 2 week and make sushi rice , white rice and steel cut oats . the timer be great ! it have my breakfast ready and wait when I wake up and come out perfectly every time . the rice have also be flawless . I love the size -lrb- same size as my toaster -rrb- and the retractable cord . the bowl inside be non-stick , and removable make it a breeze to clean . this be a winner !! it be perfectly size for singles or couple . I could not be happier ! p : best steel cut recipe be 1:2.5 -lrb- oats to water -rrb- , program on ` Porridge ' setting .
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy two of these , one for myself , one for my sister . have to wait over a month to receive the item , but it be worth the wait . my mother currently have one and she love it . the black color must be very popular since the white one be always in stock . have not use the bread make function and probably will not . the pot use thicker metal and I have not see any scorching of the rice that you can find on many other , cheaper , rice cooker . this item do cost more than you average rice cooker but it make a great pot of rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . I have have it for about 6 month now , and do not regret it . the other model I be look at be the  Zojirushi NS-LAC05XA Micom 3-Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer , Stainless Steel  the rice it make be just perfect . taste every bit as good -lrb- and better -rrb- than the rice you get when you go to PF Chang 's or you favorite Thai restaurant . plus , the smell of rice cooking in you house be delicious . I never realize how good it smell . the steam option be pretty handy , although there be no easy way to pull the steamer out when you be do steam . it be pretty hot , and the little tab to hold on to be recess , so that be mildly frustrating . but it do a good job of steam potato and vegetable . I have not perfect egg yet as some have turn out a little rubbery . also as mention in other review , the steamer do not hang from the top , but rather sit on the bottom . this be unfortunate due to the fact that you can not really cook and steam at the same time . I try it once with quinoa and the steamer end up be bury in quinoa . but , the steamer do a fairly good job . the porridge setting work great for hot cereal . combine with its timer , you can have cereal ready precisely when you wake up . the unit only tell you when you have around 12 minute leave to cook , but that be due to the nature of the fuzzy logic . it really do not know how long it will take to cook until all the water have boil off , and then it steam for the 12ish minute . so that be why it can only give you that much notice . as for the time it take to cook food , this be originally a frustration of mine when look at fuzzy logic rice cooker . one of the reason I want a rice cooker be because I remember my old on\/off one in college get the job do in 20 minute or so . why do these fancier one take so much longer ? here be why . on the normal cycle , the fuzzy logic cooker first soak for several minute , then it cook off all the water , and then it steam for about 12 minute . apparently that be the proper way to get that perfect rice . a normal cycle take 35-56 minute -lrb- accord to the manual , accord to I it seem to be about 45 min -rrb- to cook depend on the amount of rice . a quick cycle take 32-45 minute to cook -lrb- accord to the manual , accord to I it seem to be about 35 minute , although I have not really time it -rrb- . the quick cycle cut out the soak time beforehand , and I have not notice the difference in flavor . and technically , if you be frustrated it be take longer than the on\/off variety , you could just open it up once it cook off the water , and you should be get the type of rice you get from a on\/off cooker in about the same time . I have also buy and use  the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook : 250 No-Fail Recipes for Pilafs , Risottos , Polenta , Chilis , Soups , Porridges , Puddings and more , from Start to finish in you Rice Cooker -lrb- Non -rrb-  there have be some great recipe to use , but it be not really a college student 's guide to quick and easy full meal . it be a bit more involve . my only other complaint be that I do have it boil over once when cooking tapioca with milk . I be only cook a small amount , and so I be not sure what go wrong , but I do try it again without it boil over . the boil over liquid get in every nook and cranny . to the Sanyo 's credit , it have work just fine since , however , not to they credit , it be impossible to take it apart to give it a really good cleaning . but , it have only happen that once , and now I keep a closer eye on it . also , the two pot be great . it be nice know I can keep a pot just for rice , and one to experiment with . overall , this be great . I use it once or twice a week . I have use it to steep tea , cook instant meal from the package , cook bean , make rice pudding , and do a lot of other thing than cook rice . I highly recommend it . it be a great addition to you counter . I hope this review be helpful . let I know in the comment if you have any question that I can answer about this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a simple little rice cooker that work fine ... for about two month . one day it just stop work in the middle of cook some rice . this seem to be a common problem with this product and I can not recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . this be the best rice cooker I ever have with excellent value . make great rice every time . it come with ` Steam Tray ' as well which be `` great '' . fast cooking ! , it only take 13 ~ 15 minute to cook white rice . reasonable price for such a high quality product with Free Shipping . most excellent choice for the rice cooker and I highly recommand to everyone .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	it make excellent rice , I 'll give it that . but after 3 year of relatively light use -lrb- it spend 8 month of that time in storage while I be search for a permanent job -rrb- , the bottom be flake . not scratch , actively flake . I use the scoop provide and most of the time , I just wipe the pot clean . occasionally , I use dish soap -lrb- chemical-free -rrb- and a non-abrasive scour pad when starchy residue build up . it make excellent rice and porridge , but now I be look at drop another $ 100 + on a appliance when it should have last longer . one of my asian friend be still use she mom 's first Zojirushi and it be 20 year old ! I absolutely can not recommend this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be great ! I be not much of a chef , so a easy and foolproof way to cook basic thing like rice be perfect for I - though I would guess it be great for those with a bit more culinary skill as well . all you do be measure the rice , measure the water , plug it in and walk away while it cook itself . no need to worry about timer or thing boil over because it automatically switch over from cooking to keep it warm all on it be own . and ... it be really small . Super easy to use , super easy to clean , super easy to store - all for around $ 13 . also important to consider be that rice be inexpensive and healthy as well .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the cooker do a good job of rice . it steam artichoke nicely . unfortunately it only last about a week . I misplace the receipt so I be not able to return it . great idea . Poor quality , even for so inexpensive a item .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be very simple and straight to the point , if you be just cook a meal for 1-2 people . I have be use it for almost a year and have not have any problem with it so far . I love it and I think it do its job as well as a expensive rice cooker . I love that it be lightweight and easy to carry around , especially when I want to move thing around in the kitchen . I definitely recommend this item for anyone who need a simple rice cooker for a small family -lrb- 1-3 people -rrb- . just do not forget to press the `` cook '' button like I often do , and find myself with uncooked rice come dinner time !! : p
RiceCooker	POS	4	this unit be for 3 cup uncooked rice , which produce 6 cup cook , rice actually expand to fill capacity . I receive this as a present , but plan to upgrade to a more advanced unit . this one be good , small , and inexpensive . you have to expect a few short coming , but it do a great job consider price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	first of all , it look good ; - -rrb- and second , it work great . the most important , it be EASY to clean ! I love it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I absolutely love this cooker . cooking and steam together be awesome . it have three option : White rice , brown rice and steam . the option be actually work . my husband hate pasta but when I cook the pasta in the rice cooker -lrb- I do not know the result but have no time for cooking on the stove -rrb- he love it !! good price for this good gadget .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive this as a gift from my wife last Christmas . I would always want a rice cooker but have never use one - they just seem like a great way for a lazy guy like I to make food . since open it , I think it be fair to say that it be be use nearly every day to make something - rice , steel-cut oatmeal , and other dish . if you think these be only for rice , you be mistake . however , specifically when it come to rice , these be amazing . add a give number of scoop of rice , add water -lrb- or , better , broth -rrb- to the proper line , make sure the right type of rice be set -lrb- f you usually use the same type , this be a set-and-forget thing -rrb- , and turn it on . use the timer if you prefer . brown rice take a while , but come out amazing . other rice type tend to take less time and also turn out well , but give the benefit of brown over white , and give that the brown come out as soft as white normally do , brown be my go-to preference . Cleaning , as many have say , be trivial . just make sure you clean the lid attachment as well as the bowl . look into other recipe - steel-cut oatmeal use the timer make for a wonderful breakfast during the winter for those of we who live in colder climate . as far as durability go : mine be still work like a charm . if it die today - and it will not - that still mean I 'll have pay fifty cent or so per use , and it would easily be worth that . my guess be that , for most people , this will last for many year .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I believe it be the best machine out there to cook perfect rice . no burning or hard rice on the bottom . Perfect for a couple or a single person , anymore you would need a 5 cup model . the warmer be awesome ! it still warm the rice like you just cook it , without it go smelly or hard . another great feature be the programming , it cook when I want it to cook automatically ! the bad quality of this product be minor . I wish they would make a more attractive style . even though it be stainless steel accent , there be still that plastic white around it . also the porridge set work , I be mistake for it to make congee . so it do make mushy rice porridge , but it do not make watery congee rice . I wish it come with a steamer rack , but I guess this version be too small . another minor thing be the cooking programming time , it go by military time , not by 24hr .
RiceCooker	POS	5	just back from a month long trip to Japan and love the convenience of use the rice cooker that be in all the apartment I stay at . I decide it be a must have and buy this item base on the great review it receive . I be absolutely thrill with this rice cooker . it really be just so simple to use & the rice quality be great each time . I have to admit that I have not try use the `` fast cook '' feature so can not comment on that . if you have a small family & do not need to regularly cook more than 2 cup of rice , this should do the trick .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	well it cook well but ruin it all by make the rice stick at the bottom . also there be only a cook and warm switch . you have to unplug it to completely turn it off . I wish I know . but now , I have no choice but to keep it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I just get this , and just eat my first meal from it today . brown rice -lrb- the hardest to cook well -rrb- , and some steamed organic carrot , broccoli , baby bok choy and mustard green . some dry oregano and a little lemon juice for flavor . Perfect rice , delicious meal ! I follow the grocery store recommend proportion -lrb- 2 cup water to 1 measure of rice -rrb- for bulk long-grain brown rice , not the user manual -lrb- 1 up water to 1 measure of rice -rrb- and cook it for about a hour , add the veggie steamer at about 45 minute . it go to warm after about a hour , and rather than risk it burn the rice on the bottom , I let it sit on warm for 5 minute and then unplug it and leave it for another 5 minute . I stir it with a silicone spatula a couple of time while cooking . -lrb- the plastic spoon be miss from the box , but I would not have use it anyway , because I want to preserve the teflon as long as possible -rrb- . the result be , to repeat , perfect . a simple meal , totally delicious , cook without a kitchen . I like my toy , and I be look at a stainless steel japanese model with a supercomputer run it , that cost north of $ 250 . I buy this one on impulse , and it do the job for about $ 14 . I do not know how long it will last , and I do not care . it will pay for itself in 3 or 4 meal . a great intro to use a rice cooker , and I may be use it for year to come . recommend for a single person if you be cook a complete meal , or 2 people if you be cooking rice as a side dish .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife see I online and ask I to write a review on this cooker . we have have it for about a month now and it be perform flawlessly . we use mostly white rice and it be always moist and fluffy . she have also make several pot of soup in it as well as a couple of roast . cleanup have be easy . we have not use the delay timer . it keep the rice edible for a long time . the cheap cooker it replace would not keep the rice warm properly and always leave a 1\/2 thick film on the bottom . she\/we highly recommend this .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	EMPTYSTRING
RiceCooker	POS	4	this work great for white rice . brown rice seem a bit dryer but be still fluffy . the direction be sketchy , but it be a good product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great little rice cooker . I be the only rice eater in my house and prefer brown rice . I almost do not buy this little gem because of bad review - that would have be a terrible mistake . if you read the instruction before use , it tell you to clean the scale and plate in the inner pot before use or it will not work correctly . I make three cup of the most perfect brown rice I have ever have . no splatter , no clean up , it be great . for what it cost , you can not beat it . do not listen to the bad review , but read you instruction . you will not be disappoint .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be wary about buy a older product -lrb- judge by the age of some review -rrb- , but it turn out I have nothing to worry about . Rice be very easy to cook on paper , but a real pain to get right for the desire time . with this device I have yet to get it wrong . I be not sure why there be issue with the instruction , you do not need any if you be do simple rice . you basically have a small plastic beaker with number up the side , and a bigger pot that sit in the machine to do the cooking which have number on the inside . it seem pretty obvious there be related , so no need for a manual . my routine with regular jasmine and Basmati rice be to simply measure the amount of rice desire into the beaker , say up to the # 2 line , dump that into the pot . Wash it a few time , drain . fill this pot with water up to the same number I have on the beaker , and put that into the machine . Select white rice on the menu and press the big `` cooking '' button . when it beep it be tune , the rice be do . it do not matter whether it be ready well before everything else , the machine keep it warm without dry it out . the rice be the same standard as you 'll get in a Thai , indian or chinese take-away . I also use the fast cook option and the result be fine too . bloody marvelous ! the machine do a whole load of other grainy type thing too , but we 'll probably never use they . the cooking pot clean up very easily , unlike stainless steel pan on a stove : d I should add we cook with filtered water , fl water be ghastly , so all we drink and cook with it through a reverse osmosis filter under the kitchen sink . UPDATE : 20 month later , this be still work as expect . the internal pot do not show any sign of peel or deterioration . if only bread-maker work this well !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker , and once I see it in person , I be surprise with the cute size . it be so adorable . it be good for 2-3 people and work very well , there be option for brown rice , white rice and sushi rice etc. . so it be easy to deal with cooking rice . I usually cook brown rice , usually 1 cup be enough for 2 people . sometimes I do 2 cup , but it be easy to cook so i do not care I cook rice often so we can have fresh rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be asian cook rice almost everyday and this be a perfect rice cooker for I . I have a different brand which be nothing wrong but I be not happy about the quality od cooking so , I switch this one , I love it . I recommend this one for who cook rice as they main meal , use short grain rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be not much of a cook , yes I can make decent white rice myself , but have to watch it constantly . brown rice always give I fit . how many rice meal have I have to scoop the rice off the top of the pot because the bottom of the pot be either soupy or scorched . two pot of brown rice so far this cooker have cook perfectly while I be busy elsewhere in the house . when I drop by the kitchen and notice the `` keep warm '' light be light I openn the cooker and fluff perfectly cook rice . its more expensive than a crock pot that have be rebrand as a rice cooker . but its clearly get a lot more smart than a crock pot .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I purchase this rice cooker as a gift for my 27 year old son . he really love rice and `` minute rice '' just be not real rice as far as I be concerned . I have a aroma rice cooker myself and think the ease of the one-touch button system would be perfect for my son -lrb- and he room-mate -rrb- . two week after he birthday he tell I the rice cooker be `` a hit '' in he house , and they use it constantly for all sort of rice , jasmine , brown , long grain , etc. . excellent value , very satisfied .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker really do make better rice ! lot of nice option , audible timer etc. . we be very happy with it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	it be tough to pick how many star to give this product . while it work it be awesome . it cook rice perfectly and steam veggy at the same time . the problem be that it have only last a year for I before fail . I give it four star still because seriously , it be 15 dollar . what be you expect . so this rice cooker will work great for a while but will eventually fail . I buy a second one and it stop work about a year later as well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we own it for 10 month . no problem at all . the cooking size be good for 2-5 people . we like the slow cooking function and programmable timer function . the only comment be that the timer function can not be use in slow cooking . we feel a little bit inconvenient . if you want to make good rice from it , just follow the manual and cook book . you would better use the rice species from Asia to get authentic asian style rice , by the way . I be very satisfied with the manufacture quality of this one -lrb- but certainly it be make in China -rrb- .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this for the rice cooker and steam together feature but honestly would be use the steamer much more than the rice cooker . so my first try with it , follow direction to the letter ... which be not difficult since it have a automatic timer that stop when it say it be do . I use a bunch of broccoli as my first go around and the direction say only 1\/4 cup of water , I press steam and 5 minute later the timer be go off and it stop . -lrb- which the direction that broccoli would be about only 5 minute as well -rrb- I check it . not even close to be cook . in matter of fact , still cold . so I try it again and be tooling around the house not realize how much time have go by and probably 20 or so minute later -lrb- maybe more ? -rrb- the timer again go off and it stop . I check it and my wonderful broccoli have turn into a pile of mush . I may as well go back to over the oven type steam at this point . I be in the process of boxing it up for a return asap .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the Zojirushi ns-lac05 3-cup be the best rice cooker I have ever use . it be not the `` first '' , but definitely the `` best . '' I recommend it to everyone I can . we have rice now at least 3 time per week .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase my aroma rice cooker at target as I love rice . I originally bid on a much more expensive one on ebay but be outbid even at $ 120 . anyhow , I be at target , see this one and think ... what the heck . I follow direction to make 4 cup of brown rice . I hit the brown rice button and that be it . one hour and 45 minute later I eat what I consider to be the best brown rice I have ever have . it do not stick together as you get at fine restaurant , and it be fluffy . I love it ! the best feature -lrb- I think -rrb- about this machine be that when you rice be cook , it automatically switch over to keep warm setting . therefore , you can never overcook it . if you undercook it it be only because you do not allow it to cook for the time the instruction tell you to . I be now so glad that I purchase this one . I pay $ 35 for it versus the $ 120 I would have pay for the Zojirushi 3 cup rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it do great rice , that be probably be cover in other review . it also do steel cut oats , with 3:1 water ratio on the porridge setting . the timer function allow you to set the time that it finish cooking , so oatmeal can be ready when you wake up . you can even put the cooker on high and toast the oats in butter before you add water . it also do lentil curry . same porridge setting , delicious result . quinoa with frozen vegetable can be do with the quick cook setting . add some broth or bullion cube for much-needed flavor . so there you have it . it be pretty versatile , once you learn how to use it , creativity will get you far .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this for about two month now and it have turn out better than I expect . I have never have brown rice that I like before but it turn out perfect with this . I find out that I can cook dry bean in this to perfection ! I put 2 1\/2 part water to one part bean and use the white rice setting . after the timer go off I pour cold water on top then rinse and drain . bean come out firm with skin attach but not mealy . I have try black bean and black-eyed pea this way so far with great result . a bag of mixed bean do not work as well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker work great . the non-stick coating really work . Cleaning be very easy . the rice cooker I be replace be not coated and be harder to clean
RiceCooker	POS	5	I want to start eat better , so I be explore some simpler japanese food . right now , that be onigirus -- rice ball stuff with fish or something salty , and then wrap with norus . I eat these for breakfast nearly every day when I be in Japan because you could pick they up at the convenience store . anyway , after make a couple batch of rice on the stove -- which require a lot of watch and tend -- I decide to check out rice cooker price . turn out , you can find they cheap enough to make get one completely worth it . this little cooker be plenty big enough for one serve at a time -lrb- though it be capable of three cup of cook rice -rrb- . someone else 's review mention travel with this ... completely feasible because this thing be tiny ! the cooking bowl be sufficiently non-stick -- stove cook rice in the pan I have be a mess . with this cooker , not a grain be waste . Super hassle-free . great value . very glad I buy this .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this product work incredibly well . when I be prepare lunch for work , I put the rice in , put the water in , hit the switch and go about my business as it cook . one tip for people who find the burnt rice on the bottom : add a full cup -lrb- by cup I mean the plastic cup provide -rrb- and then add a additional small amount from the cup into it . it take a bit of experiment on how much additional water but once you get the hang o it , it be second nature .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be actually a 7 cup rice cooker , the sorry excuse in the manual try to explain , that it be 7 cup of uncooked rice which be equal to 16 cup of cook rice . but feel mislead give that you can pick up a 7 cup rice cooker for much less . have say that the cooker do what it be suppose to , the non stick coat work beautifully , and I like the fact that you can take out the lid and wash it rather than try to clean with wet paper towel when the lid be attach like in some other cooker -lrb- that just yuck !! imagine how much bacterium end up infest all that warm starch -rrb- , another problem I have be the rubber bush for the vent be miss , not a major problem but something which should be note .
RiceCooker	POS	4	quick and easy to use , good size for one person or two , durability to be test .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use this rice cooker 3 time since I have have it . once only 2 cup , next time 3 and the last time 8 cup . I have cook rice for Sushi , medium grain . it come out perfect when i cook it . I have a little bit of harder rice at the bottom but I read a tip to stir the rice up when its halfway through cooking . that work great the last time I cook the rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	i have be look for a good rice cooker that do not dry out or burn the rice on the bottom of the pot when leave on `` keep warm '' for hour and this be it ! it cook the rice evenly all throughout . the only drawback be it make I eat more rice . will definitely try out different rice recipe , ooop ! a little pricey but worth it ! -lrb- i hope i do not speak too soon -rrb- . i hope it be durable and will last for year . happy eating : -rrb-
RiceCooker	NEG	1	the cooker size be not 16 cup , it look like 5-6 cup uncooked rice cooker when you recieve . I dont understand why it be say 16cup . I give this for gift but dont know how good it be in run , I believe black and decker should work good .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/review\/create-review\/ref=cm_cr_pr_wr_but_top?ie=utf8&nodeid;=&asin;=b002dml11k# i purchase this item to use for cooking long grain brown rice , because my sister have a smaller model that cook brown rice well . I have never use a rice cooker before . I keep change the ratio of brown rice to water after try it the way the instruction booklet say ; but the rice never get do enough . unfortunately , I miss the return window ; so must keep this item . I believe it probably work well for white rice , but white rice be not as nutritious as brown . I do not try to cook white rice with it ; because I do not eat white rice . it would help if the descripton specify that a 6-cup Rice Cooker mean it cook 6 cup of raw rice which be a lot of rice !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be the best . it be very easy to clean and make perfect rice .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I bring this rice cook base on the good review here . but it start to have problem at 6th month and stop work after a year of light use . I be so disappointed ... will not buy any product from Sanyo .
RiceCooker	POS	5	recently upgrade . be happy with the last product from the same company . the first thing that strike I be how attractive this product be . very high-tech look and easy to use -lrb- after a couple review of the manual and some practice -rrb- it really have alot of function you would not expect on other rice cooker . the slow cooking function do a good job on soup too . overall i be very satisfied
RiceCooker	NEU	3	tho it say it can hold up to 3 cup of cook rice , this actually mean it can hold a little less than 3\/4 cup of uncooked . otherwise you risk have the water over boil thru the hole in the lid and you 'll have to stand there for about 20 min towel it . for 2 buck more go with the 6 cup cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I can say it do the job without have to stand over it and the rice come out perfect . I have see the other review that say to unplug it after cooking be do but I have try both way and it do not seem to change anything so save a bit on the electric bill and unplug it for the ten min standing time the rice will stay warm for hour even unpluged the one con be that it do indeed brown the rice on the bottom but it you let be sit for the correct time as say in the instruction it come out fine . if you really need to pick out the browned rice it only amount to a few bite so not much of a loss
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I spend time select this product as I have another of great performance . I have have to clean up the counter after every use as it spew rice mist all over . the steam hole have be examine and appear ok but the problem continue . disappointing .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	last about 2 week . we use it twice , then the light would not turn off . we unplug and plug back in , will not turn on at all . I do not know how it happen . I have the red rival one that look just like it . last 6 year . this one , 2 week . junk . do not buy this one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very happy with this little cooker . it be so easy , and rice to perfection , I always have trouble with get cook properly . no issue with this one , and it steam also . I love it . it be great for one or two people . it have help I convert to stir fry meal in order to eat more healthly . highly recommend . the price be super . I price one at a discount retailer and it be much , much more . love amazon .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have own a few of these kind of cheap rice cooker over the year and they be usually pretty durable and get the job do for a great price . this one , however , be break after only a few month of use , light do not work and it will not heat up . total disappointment . I do not recommend this brand .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be not expect much for $ 15 but it do exactly what its suppose to do . I cook whole grain brown rice in it almost everyday . it only take a day or two to figure out my rice to water ratio to get it exactly the way I want it . one scoop be perfect for one medium size serve of brown rice . the thing just work and do exactly what it be suppose to do . I give it only 4 star because it do feel a bit cheap but since it just sit on my counter no worry . everything clean up easy . Great for a single person who do not like to cook . this be much easier than have to watch a pot boil rice . it will crisp on the bottom a little bit if you leave it on keep warm for 15 minute like they say . but that bother I not at all . like another poster say you can stir after it finish cooking , which be what I use to do with pot cook brown rice but I like the set it and forget aspect of this so I do not bother . could not be any more satisfied with a $ 15 rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Got this cooker 2 day ago , so far it work pretty well . hopefully it can last as long as possible .
RiceCooker	POS	5	everyone should have one of these . I like that you could buy a smaller size . I put leftovers in a ziploc back and nuke it the next day and be just as perfect . I use jasmin rice . so yummy and perfect .
RiceCooker	POS	4	well , the price of this , be not that high , that be maybe why it be a little hard to cook good rice . and it do its job to steam all the vegetable . good .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	after few month of use , it doesnt go to cook mode anymore . after try several time it go to cook mode but will return to warm mode . very disappoint with this . very basic black and decker work longer than this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase in 2009 and it be still go strong -lrb- 2012 -rrb- . still work perfectly and still look good . the size be perfect for a single person . it would also be fine for a couple and perhaps a small family . it do not take up too much room . while I do not use all of the feature of this great little machine , the feature I do use be very helpful .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this cooker a while ago from target . I have only have trouble from then . sticky liquid flow all over my counter after cooking leave a mess and bad smell . Cleaning be a mess as well . I could never clean this cooker to my satisfaction . I try Sona Masuri , Jasmine , Basmati etc. and same mess every time .
RiceCooker	POS	4	if you -lrb- really -rrb- like you rice , and you be patient , then this be the machine for you . if you be look to make quick meal , and do not really care what be on you plate , then stick with Uncle Ben . there be two turn off 's for the user that need to watch the clock , and who need something quick : the countdown timer do not kick in until the final 10 min -lrb- or so -rrb- ; white rice take about 45 min to cook . if there be time for preperation , the timer function be great . after the rice be rinse , per the instruction -lrb- which should actually be read before use -rrb- , you throw it in the bowl , add water to the proper level , and set it for the time it should be ready to use . of course , if the computer can figure out the exact `` end time '' , why can not it give a rough `` countdown time '' ? but , what be you go to do ? the rice will also last for 4 or 5 hour without get gross in `` warm mode '' . conclusion : be someone that use the machine about 4 time a week , it work great for I , and I would buy another one if the current unit fall off the counter , and break ! I have also find that the family will grab a bowl of warm rice , rather than head for the potato chip . if you plan on cooking rice once every few month , you might want to check out the $ 40 unit without all the computer control .
RiceCooker	POS	4	what can I say , I put water and rice in it and a little bit later I have cook rice . do just the way I want . with any rice cooker you have to play with the exact amount of water -lrb- if you use the line measure on the side -rrb- and make sure you use the rice measurer that come with it , but after that - it be a no brainer . if it go `` ding '' when the rice be do , it would be perfect . I have no trouble with leakage , but i do not cook a full pot of rice , either .
RiceCooker	POS	5	after see my chinese and korean friend use rice cooker throughout the year in the dorm , I think I would spring for one . this little thing make a lot of rice . a 1lb rice bag be the perfect amount to fill it up . I have only get the chance to use it once , but the rice come out great - not burn or over cook . there be a spot or two that be slightly brown - barely noticeable . the taste be not affect at all . I also clean my rice and let it sit for a hour and a half before put it in and I have no problem with it spilling over . I hope I get the chance to use the steamer top soon because it seem really nifty . I highly recommend this rice cooker if you need something that be good for about 5 -lrb- or so -rrb- people as a side dish when it be at full capacity . also , the nonstick inside make for easy clean-up . I have a feeling I will use this a lot next school year when I be back in the dorm .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have hear about RICE COOKERS and wonder why I need one I could COOK RICE on the stove . why have I wait ? THIS MODEL be just the right size and had feature of the more expensive one . NOT TOO LARGE and NOT TOO SMALL , the lid lock not just rest on top , it catch the water from the CONDENSATION when you open the lid , it switch to keep WARM when the rice be done -lrb- which it somehow know -rrb- it have this padle to serve the rice , and the price be right ! now , no more boil over to CLEAN up and fresh rice in ABOUT 15 minute !
RiceCooker	POS	5	the first day i get this , I make white rice . it be as fluffy and amazing as the best resturant rice . the second day , I make brown rice . it be the first time I have ever enjoy brown rice . it be more flavorful and have a more enjoyable texture than white rice -lrb- but only when make properly -rrb- . the zj make rice flawlessly , and every batch come out the same . I just put in rice and water and set the timer , then I wake up to perfect brown rice for breakfast . the only annoyance be the lack of a count-down timer . but that be no reason to avoid this cooker . just buy it . do not fret about the price . it be worth it for the convenience , reliability , and health benefit .
RiceCooker	POS	5	so far , I have make Sushi Rice , and Brown Rice . both be cook to 100 % perfection . I use vegetable broth in the place of water for the brown rice , and no other seasoning be need . Delicious ! you will not regret this purchase .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best rice cooker I have see in the market , I like the option of time delay , white , brown rice , steamer and that you can leave on warm for as long you want and feel safe . I have one for 2 year or more and really like it . I send one as gift to a family member that want one when she see my and she be very happy with it as well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be give as a gift . the recipient have use it and love it . they use it several time a week .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I love this rice cooker . it make perfect rice every time . it do take a while for the brown rice , as mention in other review , but the rice come out great ! the rice do not burn on the bottom , like with other rice cooker I have use in the past . overall , this product be great for the price . get it for $ 30 at target .
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you need a rice cooker and be a one or two person family , look no further . you can not beat this rice cooker for ease of use , look and most importantly , perfect , fail-free rice . it be well worth the money .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	so the positive about this cooker be that it make any steamed food very well . you can make rice , potato , throw in some veggy , and it all steam very well . very easy to make a one-pot meal . however , very few rice cooker will not do this . I like that there be not any fancy feature that make cooking difficult , the simplicity be good appeal . that say , if you do not wash you rice first you will wind up with starchy water spew all over you counter . I only fill this to the bare minimum to avoid this problem and I thoroughly wash my long-grained white rice -lrb- something you should do for better quality rice anyway -rrb- . I also have some serious problem with sticking after I finish cooking . I have try everything I can to get that crispy layer out and it ruin my sponge . I put in some oil , I spray the side , I have really try everything . it still stick ! I like the simplicity , hate the mess .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	the size be right for two people but the rice cooker do not work properly . either rice come out burnt on the bottom after I wash the rice a couple of time per instruction or the rice be soggy at the bottom . feature be like a regular rice maker so very disappointing it do not work .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	simple and plain design , the rice do get burn at the bottom and it do not come with the steamer tray or the measurement cup . it work but i think i can do better so decide to return this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker hope that I would be able to cook rice for myself without burn it and it work the first time as advertise . the instruction be a little weird but nothing to complicate . like many have say you can start the rice in the morning and come home to perfect rice . 2 cup of rice be enough for 2-3 people since you will not loose any rice to sticking or burning . do not think twice about buy this rice cooker it be great and do not be scare that it be not make in japan the quality be still there .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I love the convenience of this cooker but I find that it take twice as much water as the instruction call for to obtain tender , fluffy rice . the first few time I use it I put the recommend amount of water in and find the rice would burn before the cycle be complete . other than that this be a handy little product .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be not a 3 cup rice cooker as it be advertise . I buy this cooker think that its a 3 cup rice cooker . when i open the package i see the cooker be small , i mean its so tiny that the rice cook in it will be sufficient for a infant or a toddler ... i cant believe how mis-advertised this be . . the measure cup that they provide with the cooker be not a cup !!! its probably 1\/4 of a cup . . a cup be equal to 8 ounce . . well the cup with this cooker be probably about 2-3 ounce ... that how falsely they advertise this cooker . . i just hope when people be buy they realize that its for they kid and not for they tummy !!!
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it look very good , but it be useless and nobody will buy this one to cook . it be too small to cook anything especially rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love this ! as someone new to a rice-cooker , I do not want to get the most expensive one . I research , and find better review with aroma brand than some other model at Amazon . also , as a family of 5 , I like the capacity this one have . if you make brown rice , do not forget to read the manual . you can only put a maximum of 4 cup dry rice in due to the need for additional water . I have make sushi rice , yellow rice , and steamer basket at least 4 time a week since I purchase . I ask my 10 year old what she want for breakfast ... she say , `` rice '' . LOL EASY to use , easy to handwash inside container , and simply wipe\/disinfect inner lid , etc. . .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use many rice cooker before so i know a good one when i see it . it be a excellent choice for people who do not want to cook a huge quantity of rice at one set or for those who want to eat fresh cook rice every day . it have a warm setting to keep the cook rice warm as long as it be plug in , a excellent feature . at this price , this product can not be beat .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	get this as a gift and i be glad we replace i with panasonic . we get 2 year out of it then finally die . it be sprinkle rice water while cooking everywhere - to the window , to the wall ...
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker be not design properly . I put very little water - about 1\/4 fill in the cooker with 1\/2 cup rice in the cup they provide . the water boil to the top and out of the side . what a mess . I really could have use more water because the rice overcooked and be dry out , but place more water in this cooker would have be a real disaster with the water and rice all over the counter . I follow all the instruction in the booklet they provide with this appliance , but still no success . do not like this cooker at all and I do not recommend anyone to purchase it .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	when the cooker first arrive , I be pleased beyond word . cook fast and the rice come out perfectly cook . about two month into the purchase , the cook fail . it would power up and you assume the rice be cooking . within five minute , it would switch from cook to warm mode . it should do so after all the water have evaporate and the rice have cook . the company 's warranty be a sham . the customer need to pay for ship both way . only a company which do not intend to stay in business for long will have this policy . as someone else point out , the postage would cost $ 25 for a $ 28 cooker . would advice you get a more reliable brand who honor they warranty without give the customer the run around !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	purchase this rice cooker on Amazon 18 month ago . it work fine until last month when it `` stick '' in the `` keep warm button '' on mode . can not turn the unit off and none of the other button work . the unit be completely useless in this mode and a fire hazard . contact Sanyo offer no help . they customer service say take it you you local small appliance repair service . the nearest one they suggest be 100 mile away and be only play a phone message . there be no repair instruction in the manual , so part number be not available . the unit be manufacture in China . it appear to be a `` if it work keep it , if it break put it in the land fill '' design . not a good item . do not purchase this unit .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the lid be attach to the cooker , so it be impossible to properly clean ... and the metal of the cooker be porous . I accidentally leave some vegetable in the cooker overnight . a common mistake -- usually easy to clean up after . but because of the porous metal on the inside of the lid , and the fact that it can not be unattached , it be impossible to clean the stench of rotten vegetable out of the lid . everything I make after that taste of it , until I finally have to throw the unit away . again . impossible to clean . you can not let it sit unwashed overnight , not even once . if you do -- forty dollar out the window .
RiceCooker	POS	4	have it for about a month -lrb- use about 10 time -rrb- . good product for I so far . do not stick when I cook rice . cook pretty fast . one of the concern that I have when read other review be that the cooker would spew water when cooking . this be not the case with mine . this make barely just enough rice for two people . one person really if you love rice , but you can always make more b\/c it cook pretty fast . I have not use the steam option . it look too small for I to use . happy with the purchase from Amazon . fast shipping with good packaging .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I want a SMALL rice-cooker for my office , so I can eat lunch in a more healthy way and in a less expensive way . I like it a lot . I have make brown rice , white rice , and oatmeal in it . someday soon I 'll read the manual and figure out how to make the silly music go away . -lrb- I see that that be do-able ... -rrb- it play twinkle twinkle little star or something , at various time , for various reason , and I work in a library and this just will not do . it be sleek . it be gorgeous . I wish it do not cost so much , but I be sure it be better and longer-lasting than a $ 30 or $ 40 alternative .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a nice product . relatively cheap . and it cook rice very well and its easy to clean . however , I be not exactly sure how the warm function work , when the rice be do it be suppose to pop into a `` keep warm '' mode . it only do it a few time , and to get the rice the way I want it I have to cut it off early anyway to keep it from overcook . but it be still a great product for the price you have to pay for it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	exactly what you want out of the rice cooker . I be a college student , and the thing be extremely easy to use . some different rice need different rice amount so be careful . have not use it to steam anything . depend on the day it can feed 3-4 of we . it be pretty simple , the keep warm work pretty well . when its do with the cycle and 15 min steam , mix it up a little bit the rice can get brown on the bottom .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have be use this rice cooker for a month now , and we have no complaint . it have definitely make life simpler for we . we love brown rice , but do not usually have time to cook it on weeknight . now , we can just set the rice maker to go in the morning , program the time we want the rice to be ready , and it do the rest . the rice cooker automatically calculate the time to start cooking , so the rice be freshly cook when we get home . -lrb- I have originally fear it would just keep it warm all day , but that be not the case . -rrb- the rice come out perfectly . we have also use the `` porridge '' set to make steel-cut oats for breakfast -lrb- another long-lead-time favorite -rrb- . it work great . we use the same oats\/water ratio -lrb- 1:3 -rrb- that we would for cooking it on the stove . no problem !
RiceCooker	NEU	3	ive have this cooker for almost three year now . I eat a lot of rice and also use it to cook wheat berry -lrb- 6 hour -rrb- . its use about 12 hour a week . I be write this review hope someone from the manufacturer will read it and consider re-design the lid . it be of a completely moronic design . there be a dish shape to contain the condensed steam , which work fine , but the actual handle be in the way , prevent one to wipe the lid dry without awkward contortion . I have even resort to disassemble the entire lid with a screwdriver to do a thorough cleaning twice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I debate over buy a appliance dedicate solely to one task and one task only , but I be so glad I finally do . this rice cooker have change my life , in so much as it give I one less thing to think about when I walk in the door from work and be confront with get dinner on the table in a timely fashion . it be such a relief to not even have to measure out the rice and water and get that go ; Zojirushi have it under control and I can focus on the veggy and the protein . the appliance be very easy to use and pre-program , and easy to clean\/maintain . -lrb- wash out the non-stick bowl sure beat have to clean out the entire microwave when the rice water inevitably bubble over -rrb- . it be relatively easy to store -lrb- the retractable cord be nice -rrb- , although it do take up a fair amount of space in the cabinet . oh , and it make much better rice than I ever do , either with the stovetop method or the microwave method , and it keep it warm so timing be not really as much as a issue . finally , this have get I over my reluctance to try brown rice -lrb- ugggh , who have 45 minute to wait while brown rice cook ? -rrb- now it start cooking before I even get home , shorten the time it take I to get dinner on the table considerably . I really recommend this for anyone who eat rice with any regularity at all -lrb- I use the Zojirushi about once a week -rrb- and who be interested in simplify life just a little bit .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be awesome the first and even the second time I use it . then it burn out and never work again . thats right , I get a solid two cup of rice out of this bad boy and then boom . `` hey , I be you amazing rice maker , just kid ... I like to break . '' anyways , it be $ 13 so I can not be so bummed but I would have like to at least get a third cup and then maybe I would 2 star it .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this my my first ever rice cooker and I be wonder if all rice cooker produce the same result ... very disappointing and sticky rice ? the first day i try the cooker , I put everything in and set it to go , give it it be stir at 15 minute and my rice still come out crunchy on bottom , extremely sticky , and a little dry . today be the second try . I add a little extra water to compensate for the dryness . after the 15 minute I stir continuously , and the rice still come out all funky . still crunchy on the bottom , really sticky , but not burn . as other have mention it be messy , the steam hole actually work like a whale spout and spit bit of rice and ton of water . I have to keep a towel under the cooker while it be run to prevent my cabinet from get soak in rice water .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	return the rice cooker as there be no instruction include and when plug in it fail to heat .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	always under cook the rice , and with no control of when its on or off , you cant control the steam , unusable for vegetable , unusable for rice , very unhappy with this product
RiceCooker	NEG	1	have this rice cooker for two year . it recently die . I find the problematic part that need to be replace , but can not get replacement part from either manufacture or they service center . talk to they several time without find any solution . bad customer service and low quality product !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be a die hard Zojirushi fan . this Sanyo be really great ! I love the heavy rice pan and the eveness of the heat . my brown rice come out perfect and have be perfect for 3 day now ! I have be make rice for 40 year now . my japanese mother always buy Zojirushi product , so it be a plunge for I to trust the Sanyo model . after read the first review by Dino , I feel comfortable enough to take the plunge . boy , Dino , you be certainly right ! it be not cheaply build . it be very sturdy and the pot be of extra nice quality , very heavy duty . instruction be clear and the unit be very easy to use . I love the design and it really do not take up much more space than the 10 cup cooker it replace . I love the multi-functionality of it , though I have not try every setting yet . I have only make rice and use the steamer to steam some veggy to perfection . clean up be a absolute breeze ! I be totally satisfied ! it be a great multi-function rice cooker at a great price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my japanese friend pick this out for I from the Amazon site . you can spend upward to 250.00 for a rice cooker , but this one work great . the gentleman at the japanese market say that rice cooker do not do a great job with brown rice and he be right , but it cook it good enough for I . White rice , sticky rice come out great . a little brown with some type of rice on the bottom of the pan be normal my friend tell I . in fact some people include myself like it . pay $ 58.00 and free shipping .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I absolutely love it ! I never know how easy it would be . I have cook rice and steamed vegetable at the same time and both turn out PERFECT .  aroma arc-1266f 6-cup Rice Cooker & Food Steamer
RiceCooker	POS	5	all I could say for the first week after purchase this rice cooker be , `` why do I wait so long ? '' it be everything you could want in a rice cooker , and produce some of the best rice I have taste . it be amazingly easy to use . you put rice in , fill water accord to the guide that be imprint on the inner bowl , place the lid down , push the menu button to whichever type of rice you be make , and push the cooking button . I do not think it could be any easier than that . after the rice have cook for a certain time , a timer show up to inform you have how long be leave , and afterwards , a tune\/beep will sound and it automatically shift to a `` keep warm '' function . the rice can be keep in that function for up to 12 hour . the nonstick bowl prevent rice from sticking and I have never find a stuck or burnt piece of rice , unlike many other rice cooker I have see . the footprint be fairly small which make it ideal for a apartment or small family . even though the cup use be smaller than most american cup-measure , the 3-cup maximum capacity seem like enough after cook to feed 3-4 people as a side dish or 2 people as a full dish . the instruction tell you to only use a maximum of 2 cup of white rice , and for porridge , the maximum be only 1 cup , but again , it come out to be plenty to feed a small family . you can make white rice , brown rice , sushi , porridge , or even mix in other ingredient . the fuzzy logic algorithm adjust the temperature constantly , allow the rice to come out perfect each time . it may seem like a lot to spend on a rice cooker , but honestly , this be some of the best money I have spend in a long time . there be no regret here .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very happy with the Zo rice cooker . it make perfect brown , white and black rice and the timer function be very convenient . the only problem I have be make oatmeal with the porridge cycle , follow a recipe in the Beth Hensperger rice machine cookbook , which cause a boil over . the material that come with the machine suggest use the white rice cycle to make oatmeal so I 'll try that next time . the other thing I would suggest be to buy the larger , 5 1\/2 cup model instead of the 3 cup , because it make such great rice you 'll probably want a lot ! overall a excellent product , very easy to clean , attractive stainless steel finish and do not take up much counter space . would recommend to a friend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a really good rice cooker , although small fit my need since i only cook for 2 . one thing you get to know be that as soon as the rice be finish you must flip the rice so that the bottom doesnt burn . because it will after 5 min of standing .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my old Panasonic rick Cooker break down after 5 year , back than , that rick cooker cost I more than $ 50 to buy . now when I come to buy it at Amazon.com I do not expect to pay much less and can get the same function , even the look be the same . I be very happy and hope this one will last .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this specifically because I want a small rice cooker for make enough for 1 or 2 people . its perfect for that . I have to laugh at the review that complain how small it be and it wont hold 6 cup of rice . well duh ! it be clearly indicate on Amazon 's site : `` hold 3-cup of cook rice , 1-1\/2 cup of uncooked rice . measure approximately 7-1\/2 by 7-1\/2 by 6-3\/5 inch '' . what else do you need to know ? now , the reason I give it only 1 star be because it scorch the rice on the bottom of the pot every time I use it . I have try at least 8 different kind of rice , with butter , without butter , every possible way and it burn it every single time . the only way around this be to watch it and unplug it when it get close to be do . that kind of defeat the purpose of have a rice cooker where you should be able to load it up , turn in on and not mess with it until its do .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this small appliance change my life for one month until the slow cooker inner pot peel , crack and be render useless . prior to the pot give out , the product be great . I be steam and cook on alternate day make rice , quinoa and polenta in the rice cooker and a variety of slow cooker recipe . I can still use the rice cooker pot and be try to track down a replacement slow cooker inner pot ; part be not in stock with Sanyo US service center and Sanyo be unapologetic that they product crap out after a month of use . from amazing to annoying .
RiceCooker	POS	4	excellent product and great value . I only cook 1-2 cup of rice in it . not sure it would cope with any more than that as it be quite small .
RiceCooker	POS	4	only have this about a few week , but I use this every 2 day or so . Works great , close tightly so there be no spatter on the counter . Rice start to brown on the bottom but I usually turn it off as soon as the it be do ; if you leave it on `` warm '' for a while it would probably burn .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I get this little rice cooker because of the free shipping and it be red . I quite like it . it steam my rice on the bottom and some peice of salmon on top . the Salmon come out great . the only complaint I have be after spray pam inside the cooker the rice can burn and stick very easily . you can not just walk away from it . you have to stir from underneath at least twice during cooking so it do not burn . I quite like the little cup and spautlum that come with it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have to old bullterrier and I feed they brown rice and a moist dog food twice a day . my husband and I also eat the brown rice . this product have free I from watch the pot and the clock . I love it !! I use it every three day . there be no funny smell that I read in alot of other review . I would recommend this to every body who love rice and the slow cooker part be also great . I make a awesome meatloaf in it while i be out food shopping and when it be time to eat , it be be moist and very tasty . please try this product if you eat alot of rice or want to slow cook something - it be the product to help you out . please read the instruction first and then have a great time . one other tibit when you cook the rice-turn it off when the cooking cycle be do . do not leave it on the warm cycle . you do not need it . just keep the lid close and the rice stay hot for quite sometime . sr
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be so beautiful and fit girl ! i think it be enough for a college student ! I like it very much !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have my Sanyo cooker for just over a week now and have use it just 3 time . must say that the first 2 cup of rice be cook to perfection . no overcooked bottom in this little beauty . . second batch just like the first . . try the delay time and it go just great . just the fact that it cook to perfection and then keep it warm all night for rice cereal in the morning make this a winner in my book . Hope it hold up for many year . . my old rice cooker be now retire after 10 year of service . . I be just tire of the crusty bottom layer of rice ...
RiceCooker	NEG	1	Update 30 November 2011 : DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . as of 8 month ago , the nonstick coating on the rice cooker pot start come loose . I think nothing of it , because it be minor scratch . over time , the nonstick start flake off into the food , so I start to get nervous . I call the part people , who inform I that the part be no longer there , and be discontinue . funny how the rice cooker be still be sell at full price . in other word , after about two year , you 'll start lose the nonstick , and you will not be able to replace it . in other word , this thing have last I all of three year flat , and I can not replace something that should be a relatively simple thing to replace . what be worse be that Sanyo 's customer service be nonexistent . I can not find the number to call they customer service directly . thing be not be build like they use to be . I should have spend the tiny bit extra , and buy the Zojirushi . that be what I 'll be do next . thanks for the horrible customer service , Sanyo . I 'll never be buy from you again . other annoyance : I make brown rice all the time . the cooker always default back to white rice , rather than remember my last choice . it also take a extra 30 minute longer than rice should take . brown rice take close to 90 minute , not 45 , like I be use to . White rice take at least 45 minute . over time , the sensor must be go wonky , because in spite of my measure perfectly each time , the cooker err on the side of mushy . the number on the inside be write in ink , and not stamp into the pot . this mean that the number rub off . where do they go ? Into my food , clearly . I be very careful with my rice cooker , because it cost a fortune , and the thing be use literally every day . I only wash it with mild dish soap , and a soft sponge . it never go in the dish washer , because we have no dish washer . so now , the simple task of measure my rice be a huge pain , because I have to squint to see the number 's impression . the lid that fit over top of the pot , and as a liner to the lid of the cooker start to get gross look over the course of 3 month or so . again , they be never place in the dish washer . the entire machine be shoddily make , and I be furious at be stupid enough to spend that kind of money .
RiceCooker	POS	4	let I just preface my review by say I be asian and I can not cook rice on a stove , so I need a new rice cooker . I have one when I first move out on my own and have to throw it away a few year ago . I find this one and read the review and know I want this one . I love that I could steam veggy with this rice cooker and the price be right . I use this rice cooker to cook brown rice and work fine . the first time I use this , I cook my brown rice and broccoli and the broccoli be too soft for my taste . the flavor be fine , just oversteam for my taste . instead , I start the rice cooker and let it cook for about 20 minute before I add the veggy in the steam tray and it should be fine . I like my veggy lightly steam , with a little crunch and bright color ! it be my personal taste . other than the veggy , I be more than happy with this product . I love that the rice cooker be non-stick so I barely have to scrub it when I be do ! I give this 4 star because it seem the lid and steam tray do not seem to fit snug . other than that , I be very happy with this rice cooker ! very easy and simple to use -- especially for a bad `` cook '' like I !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it really do make the best rice I have ever have . I make white rice mostly , and it always come out all fluffy and perfectly moist . the pot 's thickness be really surprising , feel like a cast-iron pot cover in titanium ! -lrb- yes , the non-stick coating be some mix of titanium instead of teflon -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	first , there be some really wacky review here . accord to some this cooker can do some appalling thing . after have use this a few time I wonder what they be do wrong . I can only conclude that they do not follow the instruction . I will echo other reviewer : if you follow the instruction precisely it will perform superbly . I do not really like rice and I never fix it for myself , but my dog have a sensitive g.i. tract -lrb- one of the and require a full cup of rice with each meal in addition to he normal food . the rice work wonder . but it leave I with the need to cook a enormous amount of rice on a persistent basis , so I decide to get this cooker . I find it incredibly convenient and easy to clean . there be zero mess , which leave I confused about some of the other review . all I can say be that I follow the instruction pretty precisely and have have no problem of any sort . the inner container work as a superb storage unit for the refrigerator . the one thing that I do be take a piece of plastic wrap and cover the container with it . there be a small hole in the lid that allow steam to escape during cooking , but I want to plug it up to keep the rice from dry out in the refrigerator . the only thing that I can add that be anywhere close to a negative comment be that when I make 14 cup it fill the container completely . if I try to make 16 cup it would possibly exceed the storage capacity of the container and create some of the problem other reviewer have note . so while I strongly recommend this cooker , I also recommend cooking no more than 14 cup . but I can not imagine many people need that much . so as long as you follow instruction but keep the amount just a bit below the recommend maximum this will be a outstanding rice cooker for almost anyone .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have purchase this rice cooker almost a week ago and it just completely stop cooking . first I trust the company because they be big and they produce lot of different product in different area but this rice cooker be just a total disappointment . the problem be , it just stop work and the light be not on . I unplug it and plug it back nothing change . I clean every part of it and still nothing change . it be not the only problem . it say 3 cup rice cooker , well it be not regular 3 cup , it have this small cup come with the cooker , that cup be they measurement . my point be , it can only cook 1.5 cup of rice only . when you look at the picture carefully you will see that some other brand call `` aroma '' have a bigger rice cooker and it be also a 3 cup cooker . I buy a kettle of that brand and it be work like a champ now about rice cooker clearly I make a mistake . I just pay some money for the brand . as a result of this , I only have a piece of metal junk in my kitchen now . probably people will just read the 5 star rate message and decide to buy the product . I be sure those people have no problem with this product but why would you take that risk and waste you money eventually ? my suggestion be stay away from this rubbish ...
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it be not good . when i be cooking rice in that . at the bottom , rice be become brown .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	sadly , I be not happy with this product . I read several post about it and think it would do the trick . within a few week there be a number of `` ping '' that develop on the inside of the cooker . not the removable pan but the cooker itself . when cooking brown rice I have to use less than 2 of the little cup of rice or else it boil over and be not easy to clean ! the steamer cap pop out easily but if you use this cooker regularly , like I do , it take more than a quick rinse to clean . I have have to get a toothpick in there to clean it thoroughly . bottom line : I will not buy this cooker again .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the product work just fine and create great tasting rice . the `` 3-cup '' title be a little misleading as you can only put 1.5 cup of rice into it . when cook , the rice be 3 cup worth . if you look for a cooker for 1 or 2 , this be great for the price ! if you be cook for a family , I suggest you go a little bigger than this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker , so I can only compare it to cooking rice on a stove . this make perfect sticky rice . Use 1:1 japanese short grain rice\/water plus 2 tbsp of water , and 15-20 minute later you have rice you can roll into a sticky ball . I also try quinoa and it turn out perfect . I have try make that many time on the stove with average result . this rice cook be extremely small , but it be a perfect size for two people . I like it because it be small and fit in the cupboard easily , and it be very easy to clean . in the future I might upgrade to something larger and more advanced , but to be honest I do not see a need for it right now . this do a great job , and it be less than $ 15 . what be not to love about it ?
RiceCooker	NEG	1	there be a number of issue with this product that make it a deal breaker . 1 . after ninety minute , the brown rice be just get do . it be only a cup and a half of rice . Lord help we if we actually want to make more ; I would have to start it in the morning ! 2 . the rice be gloppy , closer to rice pudding than brown rice . 3 . it do not cook 16 cup of rice . it cook 8 . 4 . the steamer sit inside the unit , so if you want to make the full amount of rice , you can not simultaneously steam . this product be go back . I definitely would not purchase this item .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I be not terribly happy with this rice cooker . we typically only make 2 cup of rice to serve 2 adult and a toddler . to avoid have the bottom layer of rice overcooked -lrb- i.e. crispy and brown -rrb- the instruction say to rinse the rice until the water be clear . do so take a significant amount of time and effort , which be not what I want to do after work while run around after a toddler and a infant . and after you spend several minute rinse the rice , it still take 40-45 minute to cook the measly 2 cup of rice . plus , the cooking pot , steam rack , and serve paddle be not dishwasher safe . so you have to spend additional time handwashing everything when you be do . lastly , there be nothing to indicate how much cook time be leave -lrb- even approximately -rrb- , so you just have to know how long it be go to take and keep track of the timing yourself . on the plus side , the cooking pot wash very easily by hand , even with the overcooked , crispy browned rice stick to it . it be a attractive appliance , too . I also like the little side pocket that catch the condensation that run down when open the lid . it be easy to pop off and empty the collect water . still , I would not buy this particular product again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a excellent rice cooker . we have have perfect rice with every batch . well worth the money if you like perfect rice without any hastle .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this product for a few month now and love it . we use it EVERY MORNING to make steel cut oatmeal-chewy hot and just the right texture . it be a cinch to clean with the non-stick coating . I have cook bean , rice , and use it to steam veggy often . I use a cheap rice cooker for year . this machine be great for all it do beyond wonderful rice . Worth every penny .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the 2nd Zojirushi rice cooker I purchase ... the electronics in the system be good -lrb- programmable operation time -rrb- , the different feature offer be awesome ! ... a must have if you be a person with limited time to cook ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	this one of the best online purchase I have do . this rice cooker work like a charm for white as well as brown rice . since it be small , it fit on my kitchen counter . I use it at least three time a week . the three cup size be enough for two people and the rice cook be perfect . the ` keep warm ' option take over once the rice be cook . so , even if you forget to turn it off , it be no big deal . I would highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy the rice cooker from Amazon Nov ,06 base on the excellent review . expensive rice cooker but it be nice look and it cook beautiful and tasty rice better than most of the restaurant !!! I be so happy that I go with the right choice !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	the zo ' be a competent rice cooker . it be easy to make good rice , just fill with water , drop in the rice , select the type of rice you be cooking and hit the ` cooker ' button . time cooking , the type we do most often , be just as easy and only require one more step . the bowl be cast aluminum with a thick coating of teflon , both inside and out , that will most likely last for year . the marking inside the bowl be easy to read in contrast white and they be raise which make they very easy to see and use . I think the retract cord and spoon holder be just gimmick but they be both handy addition to the cooker . it clean easily too . the top just pop out and the bowl be a cinch to wash , no different then any small pot and there be no need for a external steam cup to catch any overflow like on many other cooker . we buy grain in bulk and rice too . I like the organic short grain brown rice and it cook perfectly but I do have to play with the water to rice ratio just a bit which I think be normal . it only take about two or three try to get rice just the way we like it . I do not like the display , you have to stand back to see it clearly . they should have use one with a better field of view , you can buy a $ 5.00 clock that be easier to read . also the rice take a long time to cook , over a hour and a half for some type of rice . we do not eat white rice so you may find that you can use the quick cook set for a shorter cooking time . I do not have another cooker to compare the fuzzy logic to so I can not say how effective it be over a non fuzzy logic cooker but it do make very good rice consistently . the price be comparatively high but I think the quality be there . the cooker be make in China but I would say under strict supervision from Zojirushi as the fit and finish be excellent and the cooker have a quality look to it . UPDATE : I originally give the Zo 4 star . after own this for over a year and many rice cooking session the teflon on the top half of the bowl start to come of easily with slight rubbing . I have never use harsh chemical or abrasive on the bowl but I think the problem lie in the fact that I make mostly one cup at a time and the top half get hotter than the rest of the bowl where the coating be still well attach . I can not use this cooker anymore . I send a email to Zo ask if they make a stainless bowl , they do not . on the matter of my teflon flake off they have no answer nor do they off to examine or exchange it ... Caveta Emptor .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I purchase this at target and have be very happy with it . it do have a problem with burning on the bottom of the pan a little bit for I when I make sushi rice , but I can live with that . it be well worth the money consider how convenient and easy it be to use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this -lrb- actually the  Sanyo ecj-hc55 5-1\/2 - Cup Micro-Computerized Rice Cooker and Slow Cooker , White  just a sign of appreciation because she really , really like rice but it be much more than a rice cooker . of course , - it cook porridge - it cook sushi rice - it cook rinse-free rice - it cook haiga rice - it cook mixed\/sweet rice - it cook brown rice - it cook sprout brown rice - it cook -lrb- if you be in a hurry -rrb- you rice quickly in addition , - it slow cook -lrb- 2 setting -rrb- - it make tofu - it steam - it boil egg accessory include : a spatula , a measure cup , a tofu container , inner lid for rice and slow cooking , titanium-coated and well marked inner pot for rice and slow cooking and recipe include in the manual and in a separate , full-color book by famous chef Martin Yan with 16 additional recipe . we have have this cooker for several month now and my wife be very happy with it . she often use it to make soup and , of course , for rice . we have not try the tofu maker yet but she be use it , occasionally to steam vegetable or to boil egg . we be impress by the easy to use control - it take about 10 minute to learn how to operate it . some of the more useful feature include the ` keep warm ' capability that actually come with a time indicator tell you for how many hour the contents have be keep warm and a timer that allow you to easily program the cooker to start at a specific time . to my surprise , the multilingual manual -lrb- english\/japanese\/chinese -lrb- ? -rrb- \/ korean -lrb- ? -rrb- be complete and write well enough to be easily understand -lrb- the English section -rrb- . we be very happy with this appliance . it fully deserve a 5-star rating . note : the 5.5 cup model -lrb- see reference at the top of the review -rrb- seem to be quite sufficient for we family of 5 because we can only eat so much rice or soup at one time so , unless you constantly have guest , you might be better off with the smaller model and save some money , space and power .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Panasonic do they homework ! Perfect rice in 30 minute . no over-boil spillage . not worry about teflon . if that do not kill we , something else will . just wish i do not have to unplug it if i want to stop the " keep warm " feature . a old rice cooker have the ability to just push the " lever " up to power off . but i will not take a star away for that , ut i will probably want to in the future if i move the plug into a less desirable spot haha
RiceCooker	POS	5	for the past few year , I have be use a cheap `` off-on '' rice cooker . though I love have properly cook rice , I hate have it boil over every time I use it . I buy THIS rice cooker with the understanding that it would do a good job of cooking rice -lrb- and other whole grain , porridge , polenta , and a lot more -rrb- , while not boil over . all of this be true , only the rice be cook even better with this rice cooker . I live at 6200 foot above sea level . this mean that water boil at 195 degree F. , instead of 212 F. , which be the sea-level boiling point . I know this matter in bake , but it never occur to I that this could matter in a small appliance . well , it matter very much for a `` off-on '' rice cooker , which bring the water in it to a sea-level boiling point to cook the rice . this result in large starchy puddle all over my counter . the `` fuzzy logic '' in this machine work differently . it keep track of how the rice be do , not how the water be do , and as a result , it never boil over . I also learn that this cooker have multiple setting , which allow it to cook white , sushi , and brown rice differently , and also to cook porridge and other grain . the day i receive this package , I make both white and brown basmatus rice , and both be great . I also use the pot to make dhal , and it be fabulous . since , I have cook red wheat berry , and they turn out super , even without a pre-soak . base on this trial , I would recommend this cooker , especially to those who live at higher elevation and want a no-muss , no-fuss rice cooker . I would add , however , that the instruction book that come with the rice cooker be minimalistic . to understand a rice cooker 's versatility , I would recommend also order  the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook - rev : 250 No-Fail Recipes for Pilafs , Risottos , Polenta , Chilis , Soups , Porridges , Puddings , and more , fro
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have the larger version of this cooker , which cook rice perfectly . what we like about this little one -lrb- apart from the slick stainless steel look -rrb- be that for one meal for 2-4 people , it be just the right size . it cook much faster , in part due to the smaller area for steam , etc to go . we love this product , and highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	hus , be use a similar model for the past 3 year work fantastic . order this new one and be use it for a week and still same great cooker . it cook good even for 1 cup rice up to 6 cup rice . . thanks for good product ... Cheers Kiran
RiceCooker	NEG	1	the description be mislead . it have a capacity for 3 cup of cook rice , which be less than 1 cup of uncooked rice . this be a toy , not even make enough rice for 1 person . do not buy it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little steamer be a excellent and easy way to cook rice . it come out perfectly every time and clean up be so easy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be a single person , so this be just perfect for I . make perfect rice , brown or white .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be very quick and efficient . you can have well cook rice after 15 minute . it also keep cook rice well . I can keep in 3 day without be spoil . very good !!
RiceCooker	POS	4	simple to operate and it work great . we have prepare 1 1\/2 cup of uncooked Nishiki rice + 3 cup of water and have more than enough for 2 people . the pot be half full at this quantity and will , therefore , accommodate double -lrb- 6 cup of cook rice -rrb- as state on the box . my measurement be in 8 ounce cup . take other reviewer ' advice , we first spray the bottom with oil , add we rinsed rice and water , and then add about 1\/2 tea . salt before turn the cooker on . I set the kitchen timer for 15 minute as a reminder to stir . at about 10 minute after stir , the unit switch automatically to warm and continue to cook off moisture for another 5 minute . we could find no evidence of spray or spatter inside or outside . the sticky rice taste great and be keep warm throughout the meal with no sticking or burning . we will try a entire meal next . the steamer basket be large enough for a thick piece of fish surround by vegetable . the steamer insert do not encroach upon the area use for rice . it be great size for a meal for two or , if only rice be need , for a family of 3 to 4 . longevity be a unknown . beyond that , I think that if the otherwise clear instruction booklet include the oil and salt tip we be lucky enough to have read about online , there would be few negative review .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be the mother of 4 and always look for way to trim the budget and still eat well . we be a `` from scratch '' family and rarely , if ever , buy convenience food . Rice be a natural go to food item when you be try to eat well and save money at the same time . I never seem to be able to get it right , however ! we never have rice just because I could never cook it right . it would either be too hard still or too mushy or I would burn it on the bottom of the pan . really , it be rice , it should not be that hard ! fast forward to a week ago when the aroma rice cooker enter we life . we now have a new love affair with this frugal grain ! rinse the rice , toss it in and forget about it ! it be perfect every time ! this be a busy mom 's dream . we love we rice cooker and I can not imagine a more expensive brand do a better job at all . should something horrible happen and we rice cooker fail in the future , we will most definitely be try to replace it with this exact model again , very quickly ! edit to add : use this rice cooker to boil potato for mashed potato tonight . do a fantastic job . just put in the diced potato , water to cover and hit the white rice setting . once I hear the water start boil , I let it go for 10 minute and then drain . just be careful get the pot out due to steam . this be great and we be excite about be able to do this in the hot summer month when we need to boil something without heat up the entire house !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a japanese brand , but product be make in China . so , can not expect the high quality that make there ... not to mention safety for you health . the cooking pot be heavy , which be good . the teflon ? which be use , I can not say the same . I have the buy the Zojirushi ns-zcc18 model , which be make in Japan with the quality that come with the high price .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I be a big rice eater . I like to mix rice with most of my meal . it be always a pain to cook the rice as I have to keep check on the progress so as not to scorch the rice . I have only have this cooker for a week -lrb- the reason for the 4 star rating -rrb- . so far this be a dream come true ! it be so easy to put everything in the cooker and let it do the rest . it really be idiot proof . the removable inside bowl -lrb- which be very sturdy and non-stick -rrb- have all the correct level of water to add for each type of rice . even the little measure cup be just right . the different kind of rice I have try in my one week testing have all cook so much better than I be able to cook on the stove . it be a little pricey for occasional rice preparation but for the people like I that always like to have rice on hand , it be great ! I would absolutely recommend this product . -lrb- I have not try the bread bake capability yet and probably will not -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love this rice cooker . Works great , but I find some really good recipe for steam and whole dinner , that could use a bigger unit . Wish it be available in a larger size .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker ! my old one give up the ghost after something like 18 year of service . I have be very happy with it and debate with myself about `` how much better '' one of the newer electronic cooker could possibly be . I think the old one do a good job with whatever I put in it - white rice , brown rice , Kashi pilaf , and steel-cut oats - but decide to give this one a shot . well , this have be a revelation . it produce the most lovely , fluffy rice I have ever cook and make steel-cut oats exactly to my taste . I like the nice , heavy bowl and the carry handle be very handy when tuck it away in my lower cupboard . I have get a very small kitchen and the compact size be perfect . it be simple to use and the quality feel very nice . I think this be go to be a workhorse in my kitchen for a long time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we have have a `` cheap '' rice cooker for year . we remember it make good rice but for some reason we have not be able to duplicate it lately , so we decide to buy this Sanyo computerize rice cooker . take a trip to what might be the only asian market in town . they have one whole room full of rice , so I decide to ask for some advice . the very nice woman work there say all I need to know be that if I want sticky rice I should buy short-grain , otherwise I should buy long-grain . so I buy a small bag of short-grain white rice - grow and package in the USA oddly enough . today i use the new cooker to cook 3 cup of the rice . I use the cooker pre-soak feature to let the rice soak for a hour before cooking . the rice come out just how I like it - sticky - like we get at pf chang . use the control be easy . the inner bowl be very thick and non-stick . the power cord retract . love this cooker . I hope I do not love it so much that I discover I buy one that be too small . three of we do not eat all of the 3 cup I cook today , but I would say that if you be cook for more than 3 people you might want to go larger .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker make the best brown rice , time after time . the end result allways come out perfect . Easy to clean to boot .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	the teflon coating be very thin and not well secure . it be easily scrap off despite only have use the supply plastic spoon with it . Rice then stick to the scrape off area , this make it hard to clean .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I read the other review before purchase and I have get perfect rice everytime . I use this about twice per week , and we have a big family , so it be a important tool in my kitchen . I do not leave it on for hour after the rice be cook , so I have never have it burn anything . love this !
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and i eat rice , this make a perfect portion in a small container ... i -lrb- 3 it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	we be pretty happy with the rice cooker - we want to eat more brown rice , but the time it take to cook means we never can do it on a work night -lrb- which for we be 6 day a week -rrb- . be able to throw it together on the way out the door and have it be ready when we come back in be fully worth the $ $ . have not try anything but brown rice so far , but we be thrill . my rating would go up if the instruction manual be a little better write - it be a bit vague and make it seem harder than it be . however , once you figure out how to do it , it be really simple , especially because it save you 2 favorite time for rice to be finish .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	Exterior be nice but a little dissapointed with the performance compare to my old make in Japan Zojirushi it cook adequately but froth up liquid onto the lip under the lid and also burn the rice on the bottom I dont really recommend it for the price . make in Japan product be the best because they care about quality for they citizen and not just to make some make in cheap China export to sell to Americans at a high profit margin without regard to function and quality
RiceCooker	POS	5	make excellent rice for chinese food and japanese sushi . convenient and easy to use . highly recommede .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be super small . it make 3 cup cook but it be perfect size for a small apartment or dorm room . the rice turn out great and it be probably the cutest appliance I have ever see . it look like a happy little robot .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	use it just a few time ... turn to warm without complete cooking ... Dont buy this item ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great tool , you can make a whole meal at one time . gerat for tho who have a small place to cook . to be able to cook rice , vegy and mabie some fish all at one time . love it and the price be good .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this product work great for about 6 month and then break . light would not come on or anything . it just die in the middle of cook a bowl of rice .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I use this a few time and it be just too much trouble for I . I would just as well cook the rice on the stove top . one thing it do make a nice fluffy rice , but I be part itaian and I love my mil 's rice dish and it have to be wet so I can not always use this cooker , as I have to keep it wet and keep stir . so just for I it be not the best choice . I give it 4 star since I do not want to punish the product because it do do a dish that be not promise . it really do make a good rice .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be the 2nd or 3rd aroma Rice Cooker we have own . maybe we have bad luck with rice cooker , I do not know . this model , which we love when it work for the first 2-3 year , be wonderful . but somewhere around the end of year 3 , they begin to fail . it begin to shut off too early because the sensor inside be fail . still , because it make great rice , that be why we keep buy the same model . but do not look for it to last more than couple of year .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work great for the first couple of month . if you will need small quantity of rice prepared frequently over a short period of time and then never again , this be the rice cooker for you . if you be look for a long term relationship , move along .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	small and cute . good price . actually it be a 1 cup uncooked rice and not 3 cup as advertise . Rice tend to stick to the bottom if leave on keep warm for more than 2 hour . cook rice well -lrb- make sure to use cold water and do not cook more than 1 cup of uncooked rice -rrb- . one big drawback be the power cord be too short ... only about 2 foot long .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we buy this rice cooker from a store whose name rhyme with `` Halmart '' . think that we know how to cook rice , we load it up and fire away , only to get a tremendous mess of starchy goop that flood the top of the unit and flow down the side , collect underneath . -lrb- it stink and the stink get worse if you forget that it be there ... -rrb- after read review for other aroma rice cooker here on Amazon , I discover that soak the rice fix everything . and very fortunately , this unit come with a delay timer . just load the cooker with rice and water -lrb- measure , of course -rrb- , press `` Delay Timer '' for the number of hour you would like to delay -lrb- the number be the number hour when the rice will be finish -rrb- , and choose `` white rice '' or `` brown rice '' -lrb- brown rice be give we the most mess -rrb- . I have set the timer as little as 2 hour , and the mess be eliminate even then . I believe that more delay be better . I have set it as long as 12 hour . I do not know the maximum number of hour you can delay . con for this rice cooker : there be a plastic valve inside the lid that need to be clean often , and the underside of the lid need to be clean as well . it do not detach , so you 'll have to scrub with a wet paper towel . I have not try to steam anything yet -lrb- fish , veggy -rrb- . bottom line : I recommend this product .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I guess that good home cook BROWN rice be a pipe dream ! I have have delicious brown rice in restaraunt , but have yet to find good result with a rice cooker . inevitably the rice come out too hard . I have also try the aroma digital rice cooker with no better result . if all you want be plain white rice , I guess this Black & Decker be as good as any . it be still go into the donation pile today though ; noone in this house except I will eat white rice !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I do not realize the pan be make of teflon-coated plastic when I purchase it . so I return it . I do not want more chemical in my food than we already have .
RiceCooker	POS	5	make excellent succulent white rice . love it even better for porridge . able to use timer function , setup ingredient and porridge be perfectly make . texture be better than use slow cook pot or cooking old fashion way over the stove . I be american-chinese and I previously own a Zorushi rice cooker . do not worry about the absence of a condensation catcher on the Sanyo , as mention in some review , because it do not drip very much when you open the lid . I be delighted with this product . I buy this a month ago . my mom be visit and even she be impress with the quality of the cook rice . I will try brown rice and see if it be as impressive .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have the regular inexpensive rice cooker from wal-mart for year . they cook rice fine , or so I think . I want a rice cooker that look attractive sit out in the kitchen . I buy the aroma arc-150sb 20-cup Digital Rice Cooker and Steamer . I expect a prettier appliance that do the same job . I be so surprised when I taste my first bite of rice ! the rice be cook so well . it be fluffy , tender , not hard or mushy , but perfectly cook . it cook brown rice so well . the steamer be amazing . this appliance really steam quickly and well . it work just as well to cook rice and steam vegetable at the same time . this product really have impress I enough to take the time to write this review . it be well worth the 30-some dollar I pay for it on Amazon.com . I check e-bay and a bunch of other retailer and Amazon.com be by far the least expensive . and I get free shipping . it arrive with in two day of order . great product , great shopping service , great price !
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you be look for a quality brown rice cooker look no further . Perfect Rice everytime . the keep warm feature be also pretty sweet . I can go to class cooking my rice and come back to a warm bowl of rice
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great little rice cooker . I carefully read the review before buy it so I know what to expect . it be not perfect but it do a fine job as long as you remember what it be . its sort of like a small coffee maker , great but have its limit . I make a pot of brown basmatus rice . the recipe book be pretty accurate on how to cook brown rice . sometimes those book be not as comprehensive as you might like . at the last minute , I add some veggy and let they cook in the steamer . the result be a nice ` fry rice ' without the fat and soy sauce ! yummy I add some cook organic chicken to the mix once it be out of the pot and have a great dinner . I would recommend this little cooker if you be a single person and do not want giant pot of rice .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have often be quite pleased with Black & Decker product in the past . I buy this rice cooker on-line think it would be ideal for cooking small quantity of rice . it do not work . too often I think manufacturer dream up a idea , design the item , but apparently do not actually test the product to find out if it actually work well . such be the case with this wispy flimsy little product . it be too small . the fluid boil out of the lid vent and from around the rim all over the nearby area . manufacturer need to pay more attention to the result of they design . at least this little cooker be better ground and more stable than the 6 cup aroma junk on three skimpy nub that make it unstable and easily tip over .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase the Sanyo basically because this model -lrb- which include the slow cook function -rrb- be $ 100 less than the comparable Zojirushi model . make excellent rice - no discernible difference from my neighbor Zojirushi - and the slow cook function be a great addition and perform well .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker arrive much smaller than I think . it work when I be cooking for myself . if I be cooking for 2 people or more , it be way not big enough . but other than that , it work pretty well .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use the Zojirushi 3-Cup rice cooker for nearly one month and could not be more happy with it . the quality of the machine be excellent . I be a excellent cook but have never be able to make rice on the stove top that be as perfectly cook . I originally purchase this machine for the convenience factor . after burn my rice several time recently because I be multi-tasking and not watch closely enough , I decide to purchase a rice cooker so that I could set it and leave . the timer be a add bonus , especially for make steel cut oatmeal for breakfast . just set the timer and it be ready when you wake up . it be a little more expensive than other model , but the quality of the machine make it a good value .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a really good rice cooker and very simple to use , all you do be add rice , add water -lrb- accord to how much ever rice you put in -rrb- , and stir after 15 minute and it be do after about another 5-10 ... i use it about 2-3 time a week ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	base on the price , I expect this product to be mediocre , but I have find it to be more than apt at cooking rice and lentil . I cook AMAZING LENTILS . I be really impressed with this product , highly recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this thing for over a year and I love it , it be so easy to use and the rice always come out perfect . it work great to make a easy healty meal all I do be through some vegy maybe a little salmon in with the rice and a hour latter I have a healthy tasty meal
RiceCooker	POS	5	just get it 2 day ago , already make rice once and steel cut oats twice for breakfast with a timer , i love the timer function since i can set it the night before and be do with breakfast for tomorrow morning ... take I like 5-10min to eat it and its really healthy ... and also 3 cup make alot of rice , it can feed a family of 4 as a side item , i mean I really dont know why one would need 5-10 cup size one , but i guess its nice for big family . overall be very satisfied with the product .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this cooker cook real quick and keep the softness of the rice as we desire . its be 2 week since we get it and it be work pretty fine except that it get messy . the lid and handle get all starchy very soon and we have to ensure that other item nearby be well cover from the steam . have use better cooker in India where the lid be a bit more heavier to hold down the bubbling and the hole for the steam be a little smaller to allow only a small and controlled amount of steam . it help in control the mess . otherwise we be pretty happy with this cooker as it easy to wash also .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be excellent . Upto specification . the service by Amazon be excellent . I buy all my future article only from Amazon
RiceCooker	POS	4	just get it and right out of the box the first batch be perfect . subsequent batch leave over 15 min . on heat setting get some browning to the rice , bur not all that much . also have one occasion of collect starchy moisture where the handle be . the steamer ` basket ' have hole too large to keep frozen pea from fall through , not a really big issue , I just put they in with the rice now - perfect solution . all say and do , it do what its suppose to so I give it a thumb up .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Worth the money -- perfect rice every time ! produce restaurant-quality rice , turn out nice and fluffy to perfection . I have cook from 1\/2 cup of rice to 3 cup of rice perfectly on this machine . the unit 's automatic keep-warm function keep rice at a ideal serve temperature until it be ready to be serve . the appliance come equip with a extra-large color lcd display with clock and timer function , a spherical inner nonstick cooking pan and heating system , a convenient detachable inner lid for easy cleaning , and a built-in retractable cord and clear-coated stainless-steel exterior . very easy cleanup . cook many different type of rice include white , sushi , porridge , brown , and quick cooking . accessory include a measure cup , nonstick rice spatula , and spatula holder .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker make steel-cut oats perfectly on the porridge setting . the measure mark for porridge be gear to rice , which be unfortunate , but 1 cup oats to 2.5 cup of water be just right . make 3 serving , which can be reheat in the microwave . Easy to use , easy to clean , and seem to be well make . much better than stir for a 1\/2 hour when you be groggy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	apart from be the smallest rice cooker I have ever see it be still good for 2 people ...
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this model because of the `` titanium bowl , '' as I want to avoid teflon . it turn out , the bowl might be a teflon-titanium blend , it might be titanium with a teflon inner coating , it might be God know what . I have have the rice cooker for three year and yes , it have be great . until the bowl start flake , like any other teflon bowl . if you see gold spot inside you bowl , then it be flake and you have to throw it out . the problem ? there be no replacement bowl to buy . I have be on the phone with Sanyo and various part distributor all afternoon . the part -lrb- the inner bowl -rrb- have be back-ordered for 3 month and the part distributor have not be able to get any information from Sanyo . I find that strange , consider they be still manufacture this rice cooker !! so now , instead of spend $ 20 on a new bowl , I have to spend $ 100 + on a new rice cooker . do you think it be go to be another Sanyo ??? I do not . but what to do about the darned teflon bowl that they all have . I might have to get a stainless steel model , and suck it up on the cleanup . or maybe a Zojirushi , and I will just have to commit to buy a new bowl every year . at least you can buy a new bowl for those .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have never own a rice cooker and since I be eat a lot more rice with meal lately , I want to get one that would just cook a cup or so -lrb- of cook rice -rrb- - this way I do not have to put it in the refrigerator for the next day or sometimes for day . its such a hassel to try to rewarm rice . this small cooker be just what I need . it make a serve or more , depend upon how much you want to make . if I make two serving , I just leave the other serve in the cooker for dinner and I do not have to rewarm it . its still `` warm '' , but not cold -lrb- I do not use the warm function , I just unplug it after its cook -rrb- . I just love it , the rice come out perfect each time . the cooking time though be not what they say it be . I find that when the cook light go off and go to the warm function , its do -lrb- at least for the Jasmine Rice -rrb- .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I think I could trust the Black and Decker name ... not so . this useless piece of equipment stop work after two use . when I call the customer care number -lrb- the bold black number on the front of my Rice Cooker user manual that say customer service -rrb- I be tell it be a company that offer customer reward . think I have misdial , I call back ... same result . I explain I do not want any reward offer , just want to talk to customer support . they cave I a toll free number ... turn out it be a 1-800 number directory number . . not B&D; support . I give up since I do not think this item warrent any more waste time . I 'll be cooking rice the old-fashioned way , unfortunately .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I ask my husband for a rice cooker as a gift , and also ask he not to spend too much on it because I would never use one before and be not sure if I would like it . after all , cooking rice on the stove be not much more complicated than boiling water , so what add value can you get from a rice cooker ? of course he go out and research and shop around and buy I this expensive one . thank heaven . who know that cooking rice could be even easier than I think ? toss some rice and water into the bowl , turn it on , and you be do . if you do not want to wait for it to cook at dinner time , just set it up in the morning and use the timer . the timer function and porridge setting be great . use the porridge set to make fantastic oatmeal . you can put the oats and water in the cooker the night before and set the timer for the next morning . wake up on a cold weekend to hot , fresh oatmeal be amazing ! it be ridiculously easy to clean . a quick swish with sudsy water and a swipe of a sponge and you be do . you 'll also want to pop out the steam cover to rinse and dry it , plus run a towel along the inside of the vent . about 90 seconds worth of effort and you be ready for you next batch . some note : 1 . this machine do not come with a vegetable steamer option ; 2 . the clock on the front be in 24-hour time and can not be change to 12-hour time ; 3 . the default setting be a loud tune at the start and end of the cycle . you can change this pretty easily to either a beep or silence by follow the instruction ; 4 . if you have never use a rice cooker before , you may find the manual seriously lack . get a rice-cooker cookbook . Mine tell I that rice cooker be so common in the asian world -- like toaster in the West -- that they do not need detailed instruction , people just know how to use they . 5 . for oatmeal : follow the recipe on the box of oatmeal you prefer , not the proportion for rice porridge in the manual . Rice porridge be more like a broth . you may want to increase the liquid a bit ; I find the result a little thicker than I be use to . 6 . the big surprise for I be that you need to rinse you rice before use it . I think this would be a nuisance , but it be no big deal . you just measure out the rice , quickly swish it around in some water , pour off the water and repeat a couple of time until the water stop turn so cloudy -lrb- you do not have to go for totally clear -rrb- . 7 . leftover rice can be freeze and keep a long time . nobody tell I this before . if I do not know , then I assume other people might not know either . I would have think it would ruin the texture , but it do not . I take it right out of the freezer to use in other recipe , without defrost it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be a neophyte rice maker . the ns-lac05 be essentially foolproof . the instruction manual require careful reading and some interpretation but be quite usable . I have have no problem at all and be very happy with the cooker . one word of caution . the term `` porridge '' do NOT refer to porridge as use in English but be a japanese rice porridge . the `` porridge '' setting be usable but the timing be off for oatmeal .
RiceCooker	POS	5	the Zojirushi Micom 3-cup rice cooker and warmer arrive a few day after be order from Warehouse deal by Amazon . it appear to be a new , unopened item . it have be discount because of neglible damage to one of the corner of the outer box . the contents of the box be in perfect shape . I would not hesitate to order from Warehouse deal again . I love make steel cut oats in this cooker . just add oats and water the night before , set the program for `` porridge , '' set the timer to when you want the oats to be ready the next morning , and wake up to perfectly-cooked oats . no more standing over the stove and constantly stir to keep the oats from stick ! this cooker also do a great job with other grain , include quinoa and hull barley . I be still try to perfect brown rice . so far , it tend to come out a bit stickier than I would like , despite wash the rice thoroughly before cooking . I be skeptical about spend over $ 100 for a rice cooker , but after use it 2 or 3 time a week for the last month , I be sell on the convenience . the cooker be well construct , look good for a electronic appliance , and take up minimal space in my small kitchen . highly recommend !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very impressed with this rice cooker . many of the review for other brand be not very encouraging . I think that Black and Decker have never let I down , so I give it a shot . I measure exactly as direct on the instruction and the rice come out perfect . I even substitute broth for the water and add my own blend of spice base on my craving that particular evening . the cleanup be fantastic . I be go to buy one for my daughter and grandson this Christmas . we have use this cooker about 12 time now and the result be consistent . please note the smaller size of this unit if you cook very large amount of rice at one time . \*\* I have now own this cooker for 7 month and be still amaze at how well it work . it remain so easy to clean up even after use it about 2-3 time per week . it have always produce perfect rice . and , that be even when I add lot of different item for a variety of rice dish .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be amazing . it have fuzzy logic control , allow you to put rice and water in before bed at night , set a timer , and have the rice cook perfectly when you wake up in the morning . we have use it to cook brown , white , jasmine , basmatus , long grain & wild , mixed , haiga , and rice pudding . it also come with a steamer basket and steamer pot , and egg cooker , and a tofu tray -lrb- which we have yet to use -rrb- . the measurement be really easy to figure out . put in as many scoop -lrb- use the include scoop -rrb- of rice and then fill to the designate line . the bowl be mark with line vary depend on the number of scoop of rice , and the type of rice -lrb- so brown rice use a different water measurement than regular white rice -rrb- . the control be very simple to figure out . it slow cook on low and high . it even keep you rice warm for you if you be not ready to use it when the timer go off . we have own rice cooker in the past but this be by far the best one . it be easy to clean and have a retractable cord so you be not constantly battle it .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	Works very well ... but it do not have the Non-Stick Teflon coating . so , though the rice on top cook well , the rice below be sticky to the interior surface of the vessel , thanks to no teflon coating . even clean become cumbersome . where in we have to leave the vessel -lrb- not the electrical unit -rrb- submerge under water for 1 hour or so , before cleaning . check for non-stick cookware before buy . really cumbersome to clean !!
RiceCooker	POS	5	very good quality for the price . I especially like that the rice cooker come with a steam tray . very handy . I hope it will last at least 2 year . my last one last a little over 2 year .
RiceCooker	POS	4	its really a awesome rice cooker for 2 person . smaller one and keep the rice warm for quite some time . and easy carriable too .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	the coil blow in the first few use . I think B&D; make generally good product , but not this time . have to return it and get another brand from target .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use my Zojirushi Fuzy Logic -lrb- I have no idea what fuzzy logic mean -rrb- Rice Cooker for at least 3 year for medium grain white rice . the rice be always purfect . this year , I discover `` Rice Select '' brand rice blend and love the Royal Blend Whole Grain : Texmati brown and red rice with barley & rye . you can order this rice from Amazon . the `` Semi Brown '' set work perfectly and take about a hour to cook . I live near Denver , so the altitude be a factor . I add water just past the mark on the cooking pan so the rice be not dry when do . the clean up really be not that hard and be way better than a pot of rice overboiling on my stove .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have dislike rice for almost my entire life ... until I discover perfectly cook , long-grain Basmati rice . unfortunately , when I try to replicate the experience use stovetop method , the result be extremely inconsistent . on a whim , I buy this rice cooker , and I have not regret it even for one moment . there be a couple of downside to be aware of , but nothing really that bad : - clock run off of a internal battery -lrb- since it show the clock even when the unit be not plug in -rrb- and it will no doubt be difficult\/impossible to replace when it run out , although I do not know how long that will be ? - when you start the cooking process , the timer do not even display a time estimate until the rice be already halfway cook . I wish it would at least show a vague estimate of the total cooking time when I press start . - internal container have easy-to-read water line measurement for all common type of rice ... except for long-grain white rice -lrb- which be the kind I like the most -rrb- . this seem like a obvious oversight , but oh well . other than those relatively small issue , I absolutely love this rice cooker , and I recommend it to everyone I know whenever I get the chance !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very satisfied with this rice cooker . I use it to cook white or brown rice , the brown be my favorite . the brown rice take a little longer to cook because you have to double the amount of water . for example , if you use one cup of white rice , you use one cup of water . with the brown rice , you use two cup of water for one cup of brown rice . Make sure to rinse the rice several time before place it in the cooker . rinse until the water be relatively clear . this step will keep the rice from be sticky after it cook . clean up be a breeze .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have use a lot of different rice cooker over the year , and I be very pleased with this one . the rice always come out nice , fluffy , and chewy - just the way it should . I also use this to make the rice that I prepare for sushi rice and fry rice . it do a really good job . it be just too bad that when they say `` perfectly prepare 4 to 12 cup of cook rice -lrb- 2 to 6 cup uncooked -rrb- , '' they mean it when it come to the minimum . if you want to put in less than 2 cup of -lrb- uncooked -rrb- rice -lrb- for a personal portion or something -rrb- , it 'll come out strange . by strange I mean the rice be somehow web together , mostly browned at the bottom , dry -lrb- even when more water be add before cooking -rrb- , grainy , etc. . all in all , I would definitely recommend this to any household where you be cook for more than 2 . if you want to cook only for yourself , or maybe two people I would recommend get a smaller cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be just the very size that I want as I be cooking only for myself . it cook quite efficiently and the rice taste just good !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	really want to love this thing , but it just cook too unevenly , result in burn rice . stir half-way through , add olive oil ; try every suggestion on the other review . one thing though , it do not spray out of the pan and make a mess on my counter , so that be nice . use it three time , all the same result . it be go back , sad to say . : -lrb-
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have own many rice cooker over the year . this one , by far , make the best rice , consistently . Easy to use , easy to clean . and i love that you can cook as little as one cup at a time ! the only drawback here be the darn thing doesnt display how much time be leave . sure it will turn off when it be do , so no worry there . but once i turn it on , i be curious after a while : do we have 20 more minute ? half hour ? 10 minute ? it start click down the minute leave to cook about 10 before hand -- no sooner . why not just click down from the beginning ??
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I have not use it yet , but it be so small , i have to write a '' pre-view '' . I will update after use . update I have use it , and i be satisfy this be a decent product . the one thing be the risk of you rice burning when it go into warm mode . I just plug it out when it switch . I have get really good tasting , textured result . so its worth it afterall . @@@ Hope this satisfy the person who indicate my pre-review be unhelpful .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	after use we Zojirushi rice cooker for more than a decade , it be start to act its age , so I get this cooker when it show up one day on `` today 's deal '' for half the price . when I first get it , I think I have make a mistake because it look so small compare to we old 5.5 cup Zojirushi cooker . to my surprise , though , it actually accommodate more rice cooking room -- and perfectly every time . I love everything about this little beauty -- small yet plenty and versatile in usage . I also love the fact that it come with two titanium bowl , two inner lid and detachable steam vent , along with other useful item for tofu cooking and steam . so why only 3 star ? I do not notice this at the beginning , but increasingly with each use , the cover have be give I hard time by refuse to close nicely . without the inner lid , it simply refuse to close at all . in order to clean the inner lid , I would then have to get the other lid or leave the cooker open while I clean it . even with the inner lid perfectly fit inside , the cover refuse to close to my grow frustration . I have to press the cover down about three time on average before it finally close . I inspect very carefully between the cover and the inner lid to make sure nothing 's get in the way . everything look good , but the cover do not close easily . I do not get it . since none of the reviewer of this cooker have report this problem , I guess it be a isolate case . if the problem continue , I 'll just have to return it and get something else .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be purchase as a gift for a friend . they could not have be more pleased with the sharp appearance and versatile function . we review a lot of rice cooker and this one really stand out ! I think I be go to have to get one for myself now ! -lrb- note : two year later - have be use a lot - and still work great ! -rrb-
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this Rice Cooker so I would be able to make rice with out worry about it . SO ... why would I want to go back after 15 minute and stir ? also the steam spout spew water all over . I can do that on the stove top with out any help ! I return this item and will try again with another one .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I use this little rice cooker 4-5 time a week , as I eat quite a bit of rice -lrb- but not daily as some user who rate it lower do -rrb- . it have work flawlessly for several year now . I have even drop this unit hard enough to put a dent in it and it still work just fine . the non stick surface have hold up well -lrb- I be typically not very careful about non stick surface -rrb- and have a few scratch that be my fault , but the rest of the coating remain intact . the only reason I do not give this the full five star be that I do not know how they get 6 cup of cook rice out of this . if I try to cook 3 cup uncook it overflow , but for smaller amount it work just fine . I do not know , maybe I need new measure cup ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	we do not realize how bad we previous aroma rice cooker have get after 10 yr of use until it stop work and we buy the arc-150sb as a replacement . the first batch make with this new rice cooker come out perfect : fluffy and moist . it be well design , too . the lid lock down , so we get none of the splatter that occur out of the loose lid on the previous cooker . it even have a small water catch tray that trap the water that run off when the lid be open . this be a very good rice cooker for the price . recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this make perfect rice for one person , serve . love basmatus & saffron , and with this it turn out as good as I have have . Easy to clean , with hand wash . have no complaint with the machine , but the instruction could be better write .
RiceCooker	POS	5	have a rice cooker for year but it be get as wear out as I so I try this one and if I could replace I for what I do my rice cooker for what I do and have a good one as this I would .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be absolutely thrill when someone buy this from we wedding registry . it be easy to use and make really great rice . it be rather expensive and I probably would not have buy it for myself because of it . since someone else be nice enough to buy it for we , I have fall in love with it . now that I have use it so many time , I realize that its worth every penny .
RiceCooker	POS	5	after use we Panasonic hard and finally kill it , it be time to look for another rice cooker . I have no complaint about this one . it be clear and easy to use -- I have never read the manual . it have setting for lot of different grain ; I make a lot of brown rice so it be important to I that it be able to handle brown rice well . it be very forgiving if I forget the rice for a while . I know you be not suppose to leave it on keep warm , but sometimes I forget it and it be nice to know that I be not go to burn it that way . I have make quinoa , sushi rice , basmatus rice , brown rice , black rice , red rice , rice with broth , rice with coconut milk , rice porridge , and garbanzo bean in this cooker . the garbanzo bean be a pleasant surprise . -lrb- I cook they on the brown rice setting ; they come out a little harder than can but very tasty and quite suitable for use in other recipe that call for canned\/pre-cooked garbanzo . -rrb- I have also attempt teff and would not repeat that ; the super-tiny seed end up float up into the steam vent and confuse the sensor . but clean it out be surprisingly easy consider how it get everywhere , so I can give it good point for be cleanable as well . Update : I have now use the timer feature and it work perfectly , be easy to set and use , and it remember setting for the next time . exactly what I want .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a replacement for my old rice cooker . that one last for 3 year , which I think be the standard . could not believe that I 'll get a new one with such low price . this be a decent size cooker and long lasting appliance .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love the idea of be able to cook different type of rice . this rice cooker allow I to do just that , stress free -lrb- for the most part -rrb- . the most difficult thing be understand the direction . the cup be for measure the rice . the number on the inside of the pot be for measure the liquid . so if you cook one cup of rice , you pour the liquid -lrb- water , broth -rrb- up to number one inside the pot for the type of rice you be cooking . it would have be nice if it list several other types\/kinds of rice . all in all I be happy with my purchase .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I do not like thing that require lot of clean up after . I buy this so I could have rice cooking and not have to pay much attention to it if I be interrupt by kid etc. . first time use , I do 1 cup measure of brown rice use the enclosed cup , and fill to the 1 mark line for water on the pot per the instruction . click cook and go about cook the rest of my meal . 10 minute later and there be splattering of starchy water out of the little vent hole in the lid . everywhere - for a 1 foot radius around the entire cooker . I unplug it , clean it up , start again with only a half cup measure of rice , and water to the appropriate line . same thing . Splatter everywhere . this time I have a towel underneath it and let the rice finish cooking . it be perfectly cook at least . I then attempt steel cut oatmeal overnight use the warm function . that do not splatter and make for creamy wonderful oatmeal first thing in the morning . right now I be do a 1\/4 cup measure of barley with water to the 1\/2 mark line -lrb- since barley require a little more water than rice -rrb- . it be splatter on Cook . I think this will be delegate to only oatmeal or other hot cereal on warm . the Cook function cause the boil-over or splattering and therefore clean up . not sure if I 'll be try another rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be great ! it cook all different type of rice perfectly and triple as a steamer and slow cooker . I have not make anything to date that have not be good . if you be look for a product that cook rice but also do a few other thing better I would definitely recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	there be not much to be say about this little guy ... for about the same cost as a large pork fry rice -lrb- chinese be expensive outside of Boston -rrb- you can have a great little rice cooker . one ` measure ' of rice cook up to perfection in about 20 minute ... Cleanup be also easy , the nonstick pan wash up with ease . the only con to this 3-cup machine - be now I want a bigger one !
RiceCooker	NEU	3	although it work very well , when the box arrive I say to myself , that be the box ? it can not be the rice cooker . sure enough it be , the box be very small and so be the rice cooker . I could not believe how small it be , I think it be a toy for the kid . the main reason I pick this one be for the B&D; name and also because of the non-stick bowl . most cooker be aluminum and everything stick and be a pain to wash . my old rice cooker that break be small too but this B&D; one be half the size of it ! like I say it work but its way way too small !
RiceCooker	POS	4	all in all , I be happy with my purchase . it be a pretty well-made unit and it be compact enough to leave on my kitchen counter . the setting be too complicated -lrb- white rice , brown rice , etc -rrb- and the instruction manual be pretty clear . when I cook my first batch of white jasmine rice , it come out pretty good . the one thing I definitely notice over my old rice cooker be that this new one do not give I any `` hard rice '' at the bottom of the cooker . the non-stick material in the cooker pot seem to make the rice slide right off . I do not know how long the non-stick layer will last because although I wash my rice in a separate container -lrb- so not to scratch the cooker pot -rrb- , there be other people in the house that wash it directly in the pot . the only issue I have with this model be that it take a long time to cook a batch of rice . a 1-cup batch of white rice take almost 40 minute on the regular setting and 30 minute of the `` quick cook '' setting . my old Tiger rice cooker -lrb- 20 + year old and counting -rrb- only take about 20 minute give or take . I be a little disappointed with the long cook time -lrb- at least compare to my old cooker -rrb- . that be why I could not give it 5 star . everything else be good though . update -lrb- july 2 , 2012 -rrb- : the more I use this machine , the more I get puzzle by the extended length of time it take to cook . last night I have it on brown rice and it take 48 minute to complete it be cooking cycle ! my goodness ... I think my entree be cold by the time the rice be ready . another thing that puzzle I be that other than a short song a few minute before the rice be ready , the machine give no count-down or any indication of how much longer the cycle will take to process . although it do a solid job of cook the rice -lrb- and keep it hot after the fact -rrb- , the cooking process be entirely too long for my preference . I think I might have to bring out my 20-year old Tiger rice cooker to replace this new guy . go figure !
RiceCooker	POS	4	good product , make rice perfectly , only problem be that it do splatter a bit , but only for a few min then it stop . Perfect for 1 person .
RiceCooker	POS	5	love it a lot , its easy to use and easy to clean . from outside to inside this rice cooker have a great price , quality and performance . i will highly recommend it to everyone .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this little gem be amazing . it be easy to clean , use and the end product be perfect every time . be sure to read the instruction well before the first use for a great result . I love the timer feature . it be compact . the best purchase I have make for my kitchen this year .
RiceCooker	POS	5	no more scorched rice to scrape of the bottom of the pan ! like everyone say , it make perfect rice every time . Bismati , Sushi , short grain , long grain , med grain ... it do not matter what you throw at it , perfect . I even throw in carrot , onion , and bell pepper , guess what ? all cook perfectly . for normal -lrb- med grain -rrb- every day rice I use the quick cycle , since it skip the 15 minute soak time ... I normally do not soak anyway unless I be do asian dish . clean very easily , pot be thick aluminum and non-stick , the heating element be a solid chunk of aluminum that heat evenly . I be impress by the high quality construction , even though this particular model be make in China . if you think about it , get it now , cant go wrong with a Zoji .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be package very nicely , and do not take long to arrive . I try it out today and everything be really good ! I steam food and cook rice at the same time , and love it ! Great for the price !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	`` this be the worst rice cooker I have ever use . the top be not heavy enough so it spit all around the edge . my counter top be cove in sticky rice paste . and I be only cooking half he amount of rice it say be the capacity . ''
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this little rice cooker ! it be perfect for 2 people ! even 3 . it clean so easily because of the coating in the rice pot . I have use bigger rice pot before and never have one be this easy to clean . it take very little space to store and be just fantastic ! would recommend highly and mightily , especially for a small family or for just 2 or 3 people .
RiceCooker	POS	5	not only do this do great rice easily , but it fill the pre-dinner house with a wonderful rice smell . it be worth the money , definitely .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I just buy this a couple of week ago , and I have try cook jasmine rice two time . both time , the rice come out pasty and unpleasant . what be wrong here ? if I be do something wrong , I would appreciate the advice and I 'll update my rating if that be possible .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the rice cooker be a gift for a relative . it be highly reocmmen by another relative from Japan . the fine print be IMPOSSIBLE to READ !
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have have this rice cooker for over a year now , and it have be life-saver at time . yes , it be cheap , and maybe the rice do not come out just oh so perfect for those who be super picky , but it have work well for I . it make enough rice for the 2 of we , plus a bit extra for the puppy and do it fast enough . I have also make small meal in it , add seafood and such to the rice . I also use it to make buckwheat and steel cut oats , and it make it so easy and fast . it do tend to bubble over at time , so I just put a mat under it . so it work well for we for now . eventually , we might end up get something fancier , but for now we be stick with this one .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be great . I love the button top and the design and look of it . it cook the rice really well . the only downside be the inside cooking pan be not great . I put it in the dishwasher , which maybe I should not have do so it be kind of discolor now . overall , the cooker be great though .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this my first rice cooker so I have no previous experience or other product to compare this too . I recently purchase a bento box in order to take my lunch to work each day . the rice cooker have be for make about two day worth of rice at a time . as other have state , the rc3303 make three cup of COOKED rice , not uncooked . the unit be easy to clean and the cooking bowl be non-stick so it only require some soap and hot water . the instruction manual include a chart with information regard how much rice and water you need for each type of rice . I have be use sticky rice so far and have have no issue with burnt or undercooked rice , nor have I have any problem with water boil over . as long as you be look for a small rice cooker this should meet you need !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker\/slow cooker do a great job cooking rice of every kind and work great as a slow cooker ... this two in one appliance belong in every kitchen ... you will not be sorry if you add this rice cooker\/slow cooker to you kitchen ... it will make you smile every time you use it ... Rodney ; Houston , TX
RiceCooker	POS	5	for the price , this be a beautiful rice cooker . the picture really do not do it justice . it be very well make and solid . I have make great wild and brown rice with it . for this , the only drawback be time . it take over a hour for brown rice . it be perfect , I just wish I know how long it take before I start dinner ! my daughter and I get this one together and she love it . she say it be she rice cooker . I be look forward to make a few of the other recipe , for thing like oatmeal , and other time sensitive dish .
RiceCooker	POS	5	for many year , I consider a rice maker as I enjoy rice a few time a week but feel I do fine cooking it on the stovetop . it be easy . but eventually I decide to try one . this one have good rating so I go for it . it be a amazing little appliance . set it to go and relax . you rice may take a little more time to cook than on the stove but it do not need you constant attention . it will be perfectly cook , warm and wait for you . I like this cooker so much I just buy a second one for my daughter to take back to school with she . I highly recommend this one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this rice cooker for a few month now . all I can say be , it work great ! it be suggest by a friend who buy a similar Zojirushi model year ago -lrb- which still work just as new -rrb- . at first I think , $ 130 for a rice cooker ? a bit skeptical , I give it a try and be pleasantly surprise . Perfect rice every time ! the only downside be that it can take a while to cook . not to be use if you want you rice now . it do have a quick cook setting , although even that will run about half a hour or so . some might think 3 cup be not all that much . now , I be not feed a village with this thing . . but for 4 people , 3 cup be more than enough . I 'll give it a `` a '' for it be simple use and definitely a `` a + '' for value .
RiceCooker	POS	5	light weigh and compact thus , easy to store . usually I use it to make two or three cup in one shot . Rice taste delicious , nothing stick , and it be as fast as promise . love the additional accessory -lrb- i.e. rice spoon and steamer -rrb- . steamed vegetable come out very soft and the taste be well preserve . I really think the key to successful use of this product , just as with all other electronics be follow the instruction .
RiceCooker	POS	4	ok , it be only $ 16.99 , but the interior basket and the steam basket be flimsy aluminum . I make 1 cup of brown rice and I put in the 1 3\/4 recommend amount of water , and the rice be properly cook , but towards the last part of the cooking , not only do steam escape from the steam hole , but the remain water bubble up and some escape ... and I only make a single cup of rice ! this particular unit be obviously only make for 1 or 2 cup of rice ... I would not use this for the recommend 3 cup of rice . add comment ; it appear that you can make 3 cup of rice in this unit . apparently , the bubble up issue be more likely to happen when the water and rice level be lower . so , bottom line , a decent product for the money . -lrb- the glass lid and the steamer basket be easily dishwasher safe , but you really should hand wash the non-stick lift-off cooking insert . -rrb-
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I love this cooker . we get it as a wedding gift and now that we have be marry 3 and a half year it stop work . I would expect it to last longer than that . we only use 1-2 time a month and only make 2-3 cup of rice at a time . go to buy a different brand this time .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	Works great , except that when I plug it in , the ` Cook ' light be already light even though I have not push the button down yet . after cooking , the button release as it be suppose to and the ` warm ' light come on .
RiceCooker	POS	5	small and extremely easy to use , it cook rice with excellent result . it be a very good investment , the Zojirushi will last forever !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . . make perfect fool proof rice . . I also steam some veggy in it and it be perfect ! you can not go wrong with this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have a cheap rice maker and decide to upgrade when my daughter move out and want mine . this be one of the greatest addition to my kitchen . as well as make the greatest rice , expecially for sushi , it also make wonderful hot cereal that you can wake up to when you set the timer the night before . throw in some dry fruit and spice and it be a wonderful smell to wake up to as well as good for you . the old rice maker use to get crunchy stuff on the bottom and the brown rice be sometimes chewier than it should have be but never this one . it also steam stuff to perfection in a couple minute . I have not use it as a slow cooker yet but I have no doubt it will be great . I love it , it be worth every cent and Amazon be spectacular at get it to I . I order it right before Christmas not expect it till after the holiday and it get here in 2 day , just in time to make Christmas sushi .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I receive this rice cooker as a present , and I love it ! it cook the rice perfectly and steam the vegetable well . I have not try to cook meat it in , as I be a vegetarian , but it work great for what I need . I do add extra water when steam vegetable while cooking rice . I have cook asparagus , brussels sprout , and zucchini in this while also cooking rice . I have notice it sputter a little , but mine do not make a big mess as other reviewer have notice . I love that I can switch it on and walk away until ready to eat !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker work perfectly with easy one-touch control . actually if you do not need some complicated function , it satisfy the daily use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	after year of struggle to cook a variety of rice perfectly and consistently on the stovetop , I now own a machine that do the job . I have only own my ns-lac05 for about two week but , so far , I could not be more pleased with it . I have cook a mixed whole grain rice call Black Japonica , as well as brown basmatus , several time each and every batch have come out perfectly . for my purpose , the most valuable feature of this machine be the timer . I put the rice and water in the cooker before go to work in the morning , set the timer for 8:00 p.m. , and have perfect , warm rice wait for I when I get home from the gym . once the rice be do cooking , the machine automatically go into `` keep warm '' mode ... so I have nothing to worry about if I get hang up at work or stay at the gym longer than plan . Perfect rice be wait for I . this cooker with timer make eat healthy whole grain possible even with busy schedule and a lack of the patience necessary to wait a hour after arrive home to eat dinner . although the size of this cooker sound small -lrb- 3-cup -rrb- , it be perfect for solo eater up to dinner party of 6 . well worth the money ... enjoy !
RiceCooker	POS	4	my sister and I both own this rice cooker and it work great . my only suggestion be that it tend to make a mess of you countertop -lrb- steam create a `` coating '' on countertop -rrb- but that can easily be resolve by put a small dishtowel under the cooker during use . this cooker even cook brown rice perfectly which I always find difficult to accomplish stovetop . I would purchase it again .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I order this item in May of 2012 and use it very moderately\/decently almost every day . however yesterday i.e. in less than two month it quit work its useless now . since it be 10 day past amazon return window i will need to trash it . what a waste of money .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this after get sick of a cheap $ 39 rice cooker always burn my rice and spit rice juice all over the kitchen counter . the rice from this thing be fluffy and delicious ! who know that rice could taste so good ! Easy to clean , work perfectly and perfect size for we 4 folk in this house . love it !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase this rice cooker because when I make rice in my 8 cup rice cooker I either do not eat all of it and throw much away , or I only make a little and the bottom end up burn my rice because it be too powerful for how little rice I have in there . this rice cooker be just right for the amount of rice I cook . it be compact and efficient . I will say that I be worry about break the lid as it be make of glass and be very precariously set upon the top . it almost feel like it do not fit the cooker . pro : Easy to use - simple press down to cook line inside pot for easy measurement of water small amount of rice at a time to reduce waste food cord be long enough inexpensive con : precarious glass lid -lrb- ... -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	the only complaint I have be that it take 45 minute to cook more than 3 cup of rice . the exterior clean up nice and the pan be so easy to clean . I love the spoon `` rest '' on the side of the rice cooker . it beep when you food be cook and ready to enjoy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase the Aroma Rice Cooker and Food Steamer after Thanksgiving as a present for my wife for Christmas . she quickly open the box , read the instruction and begin prepare a evening meal . she love it because she can steam veggy the way she like . she love the cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	do not buy this hunk of junk . Mine work great - for the first 12 time i use it . then it stop work . so i go to aroma with the warranty info and they be great in send out a replacement , a week later . or it would have be great if the thing work . on the first go , it do what the first pile-o-junk do - stop work . do not waste you time or you money on this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my elderly dog be on a strict `` chicken and rice '' diet due to food allergy . I have be cook the rice in my crockpot in the broth leave from cook the chicken . Cleaning have be a nightmare and a half ! the rice cooker , on the other hand clean up so quickly and completely . I still use the crockpot for the chicken -lrb- even though I could steam it in the rice cooker -rrb- and I save the broth for soup . cleanup have become a breeze . could not be happier .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be really please with this rice cooker\/slow cooker . it be simple to use and work very well . my daughter , husband and I be all use it and it be worth the counter space it take up . we have be cooking rice a whole lot more and I have also use it to make pot roast -lrb- 7 hour on the slow cooker ! -rrb- this be a great size machine for my family of three , I would recommend it for a family of four also .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I love the convenience of this Panasonic rice cooker . though I have not steam vegetable during the rice cooking cycle use the steamer insert that come with it , I think it be a useful feature . the steam escape in several place and there be a side reservoir that you need to empty after each use . the steam come out of the top do make quite a mess , so be sure to have some paper towel handy . I love the retractable cord . all the rice I have make have turn out great . I highly recommend this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great little appliance for a couple -lrb- it will make 2.5 - 3.25 prepared cup , depend on the type of rice use -rrb- and be fantastic if you have a small kitchen . not the prettiest , but definitely a great value and dependable product . this rice cooker have solve my problem of rice burn on the bottom of a pot and I end up with perfect , fluffy rice every time . strangely , there be no `` off '' button ; the appliance be either on `` keep warm '' -lrb- if plug in -rrb- or `` cook '' -lrb- if plug in and the lever be press -rrb- . however , I have not have a problem with anything overcooking or forget to turn it off -lrb- so just be careful - it will not turn off like a iron if you forget about it -rrb- . if you be a first-time rice cooker user , note that the standard equal measure of rice to liquid do not apply ; you will have to consult the rice cooking chart include in the instruction booklet and use the provide measure cup -lrb- the provide measure `` cup '' be actually about 5 oz. , while a real cup be 8 oz . -rrb- . I usually make white , brown , jasmine or basmatus rice and find that 1 `` cup '' of rice and fill the nonstick bowl to the 1 cup mark give I excellent result -lrb- and about 2 cup of prepared rice -rrb- . also note that cooking time vary by type of rice - a `` cup '' of plain white rice will only take about 25 minute , while the same amount of brown rice will take about 47 minute .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first fancy rice cooker , and I be a bit apprehensive about how much use it would get . we be not especially big rice eater . not to worry , I use it several time a week . it work well as a small slow cooker , I can finally make good black bean soup -lrb- it take a long time -rrb- . I have also start make sticky rice and steel cut oats -lrb- porridge setting with 3:1 oats : water -rrb- which both take a long time . this be where the timer be great . I put in the ingredient in the morning\/evening and it be ready when I get up\/home . cleanup be very easy , the gooey porridge almost fall out clean when I hold the pot upside down . just do not try to cook too much at once , that could be a mess . the retractable cord be nice too . now if only it make bread , yogurt , and waffle I could reclaim some precious kitchen space .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great rice cooker for those who live alone -- just the right size . have use it twice since get and it be so simple to use and easy to clean .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I have just have this for a few day and make very good brown rice once . this one be very good for the price and operate very simply : no timer , on and warm setting . unplug to turn off altogether . there be no steam rack , which I do not think I 'll need anyway . I be forewarn by the other reviewer here about it , but the Amazon description say a steam rack be include . I make steel cut oatmeal in it today . early on the water boil over through the steam vent , so I unplug and then turn it on again and have no problem after that and the oatmeal be very good . the cook indicator switch to warm a few time before it be really do , so I just flip the switch on again . I 'll use less water next time .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	purchase this rice steamer with the expectation that it would produce great tasting fluffy rice , no matter the variety . and it do for a season ! but the last time I use this cute Oster product , a acrid smell come from the base -lrb- heating element -rrb- , so it be quickly unplugged to avoid a possible fire hazard . will not replace the unit with another Oster product .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	just have the second one of these die after only 3 or 4 use , same as the first . a false economy to go this cheap . I 'll be look for another brand .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife receive this cooker as a gift and she love it ! she will not go back to she old method for any reason . she especially like brown rice which be cook perfectly . so , good price , good feature and wonderful brown rice !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be excellent . the rice come out fluffy and seperate . most importantly , delicious . excellent choice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my boyfriend buy this cooker - it rock ! he be make two cheesecake with it -lrb- follow the recipe in the enclosed booklet -rrb- and both be awesome ! Rice be perfect , as other have note , but the cheesecake be tasty and fluffy enough that I would say that alone be worth the price of the cooker ! will try the spongecake recipe soon ! a good investment - small enough to carry easily and share with a friend ... boyfriend just say you can carry it from bar to bar ! buy one and enjoy great sushi rice and cheesecake in the same night - same cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best rice cooker i have ever own . its easy to use and make wonderful rice . I make steel cut oats every morning and brown rice every night . I just set it at night and its ready for breakfast and then put brown rice in and set it for when I get home from work . I would highly recommend this rice cooker if you a rice `` expert '' and appreciate the taste and texture of well cook rice . BEST KITCHEN APPLIANCE EVER .
RiceCooker	POS	5	spent way too much time research the various brand and finally decide on the Sanyo due to the slow cooking option . the first day i try simple Jasmine rice and it come out perfect . next day try Botan -lrb- Medium Grain -rrb- rice and once again it be cook just like a resturant . decide to try a simple slow cook chicken stew recipe from the internet , come out good and the slow cook function work very well . grant it be only be a week since I have have it but I have to highly recommend it due to it be versitility . some of the feature that stand out for I be ; 1 . 12 hour clock -lrb- not 24 hour like some brand -rrb- 2 . contact Sanyo about change battery -lrb- clock -rrb- and it can be change by the user without ship to Sanyo . -lrb- do take a little common sense though -rrb- 3 . come with two pan , one for Rice , other for slow cook along with a steam tray and tofu tray . 4 . easy to use ! 5 . make great rice ! I do not think I need to spend more money for better taste . 6 . look to be build well . for those who be wonder , it be manufacture in China . I be very happy with this cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker get the job do . plus , the ability to steam food be really great to have . it be a well design product . a relative of mine even comment about how impressive the product look .
RiceCooker	POS	5	want to make some great sushi -- and this pot turn out fabulous rice , could not have be better for the task ! also , since get this aroma , I have do several one-dish dinner in it , steam meat & veggy right with the rice . its do a dynamite job -- almost like have a cook in the house , finish off dish for I . Easy to clean , quick to store , and absolutely as represent -- a inexpensive yet faithful piece of equipment with nice range of skill . plus -- you can cook -- and transport -- hot food in it to a potluck dinner , easily -- and without get burn . how 's that for the price ?!!!
RiceCooker	POS	5	after read plenty of good review about this rice cooker , I decide to purchase it . I be very pleased with it and my rice be always perfectly cook . the cooker be ship on time and be of great quality . I will definitely be willing to purchase from this seller again !
RiceCooker	POS	4	Great little rice cooker . get water go very quickly and be very easy to clean . I do not like the rice cooker with the lid that you can not remove and wash -- we cook mostly brown rice and there be lot of bran-like stuff that the foam carry to the lid , so what be the point if you can not wash the lid ? Paper towel just do not cut it . sure it sputter a bit but a quick spritz of olive oil and salt cut that down a lot . have to stir the rice once be not a hassle , and actually probably it would not be a big deal if you skip that . note the supply measure cup be a little smaller than my 1 cup measure cup . the only thing I would recommend to Oster be that they follow through on they focus of a compact rice cooker -- what other feature would be useful to someone who need a small rice cooker ? how about design the lid and handle with slot or cut out so the spoon and measure cup can be store or rest on the cooker ?
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a awesome rice cooker , and do exactly what it be suppose to : make great rice . I usually use mine to make brown rice . I use the Mahatma brown rice . my only complaint be that the instruction for the Zojirushi be cryptic and confusing . in case it help anyone else , here be how you make basic brown rice with this cooker : 1 . -rrb- one plastic measure cup -lrb- 100 ml -rrb- full of brown rice , pour in bowl . 2 . -rrb- Bowl : fill water to 1 under `` brown rice '' . 3 . -rrb- Make sure arrow on display be on `` brown '' . 4 . -rrb- Press pink `` cooking '' button . this will give you perfectly cook brown rice in about a hour and a half . if you do not want you rice to be too bland , throw a chicken bouillon cube or two in before you shut the lid and press the cooking button . I use my brown rice as a side dish , or put it in soup or even Wendy 's chili for a inexpensive meal .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this small rice cooker -lrb- yes , it be small -rrb- for the use for 1-2 people . I have use it several time , along with my roommate and decide to post a review . just a quick note -- it be not a true 3 cup as claim by the 1 star reviewer . cooking : just add the measure rice and water , and put the lid on . Easy , and it cook automatically and switch to warm mode automatically . set it and forget it . occasionally , its best to stir after it switch to warm mode to avoid small bit of browning -lrb- which really be not a problem for I -rrb- . the rice cook perfectly in about 25-30 minute . there be a include handy guide for various type of rice and even other thing you can cook . clean-up : this be nearly effortless thanks to the non-stick bowl . I have have no issue what-so-ever . recommendation : this rice cooker be small , so its wonderful for apartment or small space . a full size amount of rice and water make a hearty serve for 1 person . I usually have to put away left-over . it be wonderful for 2 people ! -lrb- so unless you be one of those people who can eat a big Mac , 20 Piece Nuggets , and a large fry in one sit , I would not recommend it for you . -rrb- love , love , love this little cooker : -rrb-
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this rice cooker think it be stainless steel - it be not stainless steel . the cooking surface be a non stick coating -lrb- probably teflon -rrb- . I return the item .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	aroma 16 cup stanless Rice cooker I be very unhappy & disappointed with the Stainless Rice cooker . the ouside body of the cooker which have a joint & that have split within one use . -lrb- it arrive on Nov 11th & after 1st use on Nov 29th I notice the damage -rrb- it would cost I $ 35 to send it back before jan31st . I be really disappointed & unhappy with the product . the outside body be wipe with a soft cloth & at that time I notice it . Mrs Hemady
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be not good at cooking rice , luckily this machine do it for I . Perfect rice every time , keep it warm without dry it out too . the melody it play when it start and finish make I smile every time . one of the first thing I do be break the `` spatula holder '' it be a little plastic thing that attach to the side , it be not important . other small appliance I own rarely get use because I can cook better\/faster\/easier on something else or they be a pain to clean . I would never cook rice without this ; I get it last Christmas and use it about once a week . I disagree with the other reviewer on the cleaning part all of the piece you clean come off and I have wait day after cooking -lrb- gross I know -rrb- and still do not have stick on rice . bottom line : it be awesome .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	quirky be the right word for this rice cooker . the 4th time I use it , it start flip over to WARM while the rice be still very wet . cook but wet . the worst issue be that as other reviewer have comment - it spew slimy goo through the vent and around the edge of the lid . if you cook more than 2 cup it will do this . I tent it with two paper towel which catch the liquid ooze out but it be not pleasant to deal with and some run down the side in the back so then the counter require cleaning . I have use a least half a dozen rice cooker over my lifetime and this be the only one that have a hissyl fit if you use `` too much '' water and it be not like I be double the water - perhaps 5 % more . put water in the rice cooker should not have to be a exact science . buy a different rice cooker , it be not worth the hassle .
RiceCooker	POS	5	for the price it be a very nice little cooker . no bell or whistle but do exactly what it be suppose to do , mainly , cook rice to perfection . highly recommend for cooking small portion of rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I do a lot of research before buy this and have have it for several month now . this rice cooker be great . Perfect rice every time ; white , brown , wild , rice of any kind . Easy to use , durable , easy to clean , compact , look good , a good user experience -lrb- the designer be think when they make this -rrb- . thing to be aware of : it take a while to cook the rice - over a hour for brown rice . also , porridge in Japan be a soup like substance so if you want the non-watery north american kind you will need to adjust the porridge to water ratio . if I remember correctly it be 1:2.5 ratio of porridge to water .
RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and I have be very happy with this rice cooker . we frequently cook brown rice with it , and there be just no comparison to the messy inconsistent stove-top method . we cook 1 1\/2 cup each time -lrb- which seem to be the optimal amount -rrb- and get restaurant quality rice ! we have also use this rice cooker to cook quinoa -lrb- for which it work very nicely , just use the `` white rice '' setting -rrb- . it do not work as well , in my experience , for porrige or oatmeal - which we continue to cook on the stove . regardless , we have find this a invaluable addition to we kitchen appliance arsenal . I highly recommend it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we love we Zojirushi Fuzzy Logic Rice Cooker . for starter , it make perfectly delightful rice every time . this be it be purpose in life , so we be not surprise . it be also very cheerful . it sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star when it begin cooking , and it sing another little song when it finish . we want one of these thing for month but be concern about spend this kind of money on a rice cooker . we already have a rice cooker - the cheap sort that activate when you plug it in and produce dry , burn rice . we should not have wait so long . everything rice related be now easy and delicious . it be very easy to use and to clean . the instruction booklet be awfully thick and , at first , make I slightly nervous . it turn out it be just print in multiple language and contain recipe . finally , the phrase , `` Zojirushi Fuzzy Logic Rice Cooker '' be fun to say .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be my first rice steamer , so I read review on dozen of rice cooker and the common problem I read about be the steamer spit starchy liquid out the top and onto the counter . the review on this particular steamer , none of they complain about it spit during cooking , so I know this be the one I want . I just get it today and use it . the rice come out light and fluffy , much better than I could have ever make it in a pan on the stove . one drawback , and it be a problem I have read in alot of review on numerous other steamer ... it do leave a thin layer of rice browned and sort of stick to the bottom of the pan . I even spray the pan with pam spray first like the book suggest but it still brown the bottom of the rice . it be still not that big of a deal . I scoop out all the rice and leave the thin layer of browned rice in the pan until it cool then just scrape it out into the trash & wash the inner cooking bowl . my biggest complaint be I pay -lrb- ... -rrb- for this steamer 4 day ago and today on Amazon it be -lrb- ... -rrb- cheapr . it be only -lrb- ... -rrb- now . I get this one off Amazon . it make I mad . why could not they have drop the price before I buy mine ? I be not a pro at steamer but I would recommend this one base on the great rice it make and it only take about 16 minute to cook it . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* UPDATE \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* I be update this REVIEW \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* my good review come from only use the steamer to make 2 cup of rice at a time . today i try to make 4 cup at a time and have a huge disaster & mess . not only do it spit starchy liquid from the top , it pour starchy rice water from the top all over the counter and all over the machine . it take I 15 minute just to clean up the mess . if all you be ever go to cook be 2 cup at a time , then this machine will be fine . any more than that and this machine be useless .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	update 12\/10 : I have have this cooker for a year now and be ready to pass it on and get a better one . initially I think it be fine , but I be tired of pot of rice with a crust at the bottom or hard-ish grain . this cooker be basically a hot plate . like the Scarecrow : it have no brain . it do not sense you rice , and it do not make any adjustment . the fancier and more expensive pot do . I be glad I have it for a year , so I could realize that I like have a rice cooker , and I 'll be glad when this one be go and I have a better one . original review : I be not give this rice cooker 5 star because I just can not get \* that \* excite about it . hey , it be just a rice cooker . but it do exactly what it be suppose to do and do it reliably . it be a great size for my family of 2 adult and 2 child , although , like other I be pretty surprise when I see how small the bowl be . to answer some specific concern of reviewer : the rice do not stick in the least , and I have not have it get brown and crusty on the bottom ; I have not have any problem with a starchy mess come out the steam hole ; brown rice need a bit more water -lrb- as it say in the instruction -rrb- and come out just fine . the instruction say that the cooker will take between 20 minute for a small amount of white rice to 60 minute for the largest amount of brown rice . I make a full pot of short-grain brown rice just last night , and I be sure that it do not take 60 minute . in addition , once cooking be complete , the cooker automatically switch to a warm cycle , and the rice can be hold in this way for up to 5 hour .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy this rice cooker for my husband for Christmas . we never have a rice cooker so we do not know what to expect and for the price -lrb- and the other review -rrb- I think I would give this one a try . if there be any confusion about how much rice it would make , one look at it would be a huge clue ... but I know it would be fine for the two of we . I have make 2 ` measure ' of raw rice and it be way too much for both of we ~ even though it be design for 3 cup -lrb- measure -rrb- I doubt we would ever make that much . we love the small size and have cook brown rice , jasmine and basmatus perfectly so far . we learn that if the warmer be leave on too long it will get a little browned on the bottom so we just unplug it and let it steam . I would give it 5 star , however it do ` spew ' as someone else write earlier and I have learn to put a paper towel under it to catch any mess . I do not know if that be because it be such a small size or if that be common with rice cooker in general . however , the unit be very easy to clean . I read that some cooker have a hinge , non-removable lid and I know I do not want that . for the price , this cooker be simple , efficient , take up very little space and a bargain !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I actually inherit this from a former tenant and keep it on a whim . I use it along with my emergency rice as a backup in case I get home late from work and realize I have not go grocery shopping since dinosaur roam the earth . I like use it to cook brown rice -lrb- 30 min -rrb- with soup stock flavoring and it yield a good 3 hearty bowl of waist-increasing dinner . they key be to stir it about 20 minute in to shake up the rice so it cook evenly and use measure cup to make sure you have the ratio correct .
RiceCooker	POS	4	a lovely rice cooker with a decent price . it could be better if it come with different color to choose : -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker might be pricey but it cook any type of rice perfectly . Brown , jasmine , extra long grain all cook to perfection -lrb- wash you rice wash you rice wash you rice ! -rrb- . clean up be easy and only take a minute . spend the extra cash for this one if you can swing it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a terrific rice cooker . I originally look at cheaper model , but be draw to this one because of the fantastic review . I would say the key positive for the Zojirushi cooker be 1 . -rrb- consistent production of high quality rice 2 . -rrb- the stay warm function 3 . -rrb- fool proof operation . I be not much of a cook , but this machine churn out perfect rice every time . also , with the 3 cup version you can make as little as one cup of rice -lrb- qualitatively , the best result have come when I have make 2 cup -lrb- uncooked -rrb- -rrb- . I have find 3 cup of uncooked rice be great for 3-4 hungry people . highly recommend machine !
RiceCooker	POS	4	clean this thing really be not bad ... you just need to do it soon after you be do use it so the rice do not harden on . the first time I use it , I make brown rice and put it on the brown rice setting . after almost 2 hour , it still be not finish , so I be a bit suspicious and open it up . the rice be already overcooked ! it may have just be the brand I be use , but I be hope that the `` brown rice '' setting be all-inclusive . : -rrb- Minor detail , though . overall , I love it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	great product , fast shipping and work very well . I be use it every day . I love it . the rice cooker cook the rice just right and keep it warm for all day . Easy to clean and small enough to keep in refrigerator .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have not baked bread as of yet , but the rice cooker function work great , much better than the $ 25 machine it replace . I like the quality of this unit because you can tell it be well build unlike the other
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a good rice cooker and be be a good value . it be very affordable . there be a few thing I do not like about it . 1 . it spit a lot of water out of the steam hole and kind of make a mess . I have to put a big dish towel in front of the cooker so it do not make a mess . but from what I understand that be the way most rice cooker be . the second thing I do not like be when I fill the rice cooker to full capacity the rice turn out perfect but if I cook a batch that be anything less then full capacity the rice come out a tad under cook . it should not be a problem if you cook a lot of rice for a family . over all a very good little cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	for $ 100 , this be really the best rice cooker you can find . it be price fluctuate over time , so make sure you purchase it at the right time . we be use it every day now . it be convenient and easy to operate , perfect for a busy family of 2 or 3 . but if you need to feed some big eater , this might not the best choice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . I have never own one before but use it at my brother 's house for make oatmeal and love the way it come out . you can set it up at night with the time you want it to be ready and it come out perfect . I have also make brown rice in it use the timer and it also come out great . the non-stick pan be so easy to clean . I can make enough rice in the 3 cup model for 4 people . I be so glad I buy it .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I love the red color but have not use it yet . Hubby find it and say I do not need it to send it back ... ... . .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	Mine last more than three week -lrb- about a year -rrb- . my larger aroma cooker have be in use for 20 year and be still go strong ! oh , and as point out by other , it be a three cook cup cooker , not six . shame on B&D; .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker prepare pretty good rice ; but the bread baking function be a little weak and time consuming though .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	Dont buy this rice cooker , rice boil over all the time . and eventhough it say it can hold 1 1\/2 cup of uncooked rice . it hold only 3\/4 cup of uncooked rice . very disappointed ... not sure how it work so well for other .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker work great , good for 2 people but definitely make enough for 4 , fast and easy . I would highly recommend this rice cooker for white rice , have not use it for any other type . it also come with a steamer basket for vegetable . great value at this price .
RiceCooker	POS	4	after read several review , I purchase one so that I would not have to watch over rice cooking . my mom come to visit , taste the brown rice & love it . I buy a second one as a gift for she .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have never cook rice in my life before own this rice cooker . with this cooker , I have prepare great-tasting white rice -lrb- short-grain -rrb- , sticky rice -lrb- white , short-grain -rrb- , and brown rice -lrb- short-grain -rrb- . never once have I open the lid to find a single burnt grain . simply clean the rice as necessary , add the correct amount of water , and this cooker will always deliver . the cooker use a 24-hour clock which allow you to set a timer for practically a day in advance . around 5pm , I make rice for my meal for the next day . I set the timer for about 7am and always wake up to warm , well-cooked rice . I never finish all of the rice , so I leave it in the cooker whose `` keep-warm '' feature preserve the rice -lrb- as if it have just finish cooking -rrb- for up to 16 hour , so I can head out and come back to yet more well-cooked rice . although I make short-grain rice , this cooker can prepare all grain size , include more obscure thing like wheat and porridge . some people complain that cleaning be a hassle , but it be as easy as remove the cooking bowl and metal topper -lrb- which attach to the under-side of the lid -rrb- , give they a quick scrub-down , and then dry and replace they . the cooker can be program to memorize two timer setting , which be all one will really need for a routine basis . of course , any timer setting can be create , but only two can be save for `` quick access '' , if you will . the include instruction manual be in Japanese and English , and the English suffice well enough to get I cooking my first cup of rice with a brand new cooker . the digital display be clear and concise . as a perk , this cooker play one of several short tune when cooking begin and end -lrb- the noise can be turn off -rrb- . for the price , this cooker be well worth it for someone look for a long-lasting , reliable , durable cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this base on review I read on Amazon and be very happy with the result , the rice cooker work great .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I struggle with a cheap rice cooker for year and get this as a gift . it make rice so magically perfect , I could not believe it . each grain be tender , and not sticky and just the `` al dente '' of rice . yes , it cost 4 time as much as other cooker , but it be worth every single penny . this company make awesome thermos too !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this think it would take up so much less space on my counter top than the other model I have in mind . I get home to use it and be so disappointed until I read a comment someone else make about a review . it do sputter and spit and shoot rice water on my counter and the rice seem to stick-the trick be to add a little butter or oil of you choice and a little salt . now it work like a charm ! I usually add liquid and butter first , then the rice . I start it up a hour or two before I want to actually eat the rice , or even longer . I have let it run for 3-4 hour before . it keep the rice nice and warm all that time . I use this about every day-we love rice and I just start a gluten free diet so I be eat more rice instead of noodle . I be glad I check the review after the initial disappointment . this one be a keeper .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we family eat rice everyday . older rice cooker be about $ 500 . so I worrird about quality since this rice cooker be so reasonable . to tell the truth , this rice cooker make same quality to my expensive old one .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use this rice cooker for 10 month now , and it have make a perfect batch of rice every single time . it be easy to use and clean up , and the warming feature work perfectly -lrb- I have accidentally leave it on for over a hour without any issue -rrb- . highly recommend , especially at under twenty dollar .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have not be motivate to write a review before now , but after a year or so this rice cooker\/slow cooker be fantastic ! I use it for rice and slow cooking -lrb- obviously -rrb- but both work really well . I have not have any problem with the lead as other have mention , and my only mishap be when my toddler knock it off the countertop and the handle break . I read far too many review and do way too much research -- but be really pleased at the end result . I would highly recommend this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	take it from someone who be a bachelor and make rice everyday use the 2 cup of water and one cup of rice method - boil water , add rice , turn down to simmer for 20 minute and perfect white rice ... so , along come a family and a quest to change thing up a bit and boom - I will never go back to cooking rice the old way -lrb- unless I be camping -rrb- . this rice cooker be fabulous . just a few note to pass along - if you have never wash you rice -lrb- I never do -rrb- , start do so - I use jasmine rice and simply add water to the measure scoop in the bowl , rinse lightly , pour almost all of the water out , then fill to just slightly over the line -lrb- I like a little more puffy rice -rrb- and just press the button . every time , every time , I open the lid once the finish melody play , I be a happy camper ! I read review and be happy with my final decision ... be go strong over a year now on this model . I would buy this again in a heartbeat .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker work very well . the rice cook perfectly and do not stick to the container make it very easy to clean . the main cooker be design well . there be a small indention around the open to collect the steam . although it take 45 minute to cook the rice , it be well worth it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	just right for the two of we . Works well and have comprehensive and easily read instruction . we use it often and have have no problem with it . great product .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I use to have a Zojirushi rice cooker before it break . this one be no be near that good with quality or the way it cook rice . however for the price it be a great little rice cooker . Easy to clean and use . I would say the only real drawback be that be do tend to burn rice on the bottom of the pot if you do not watch and stir occasionally . I usually end up add a quarter cup of water or so with brown or white rice to avoid burning . besides that work as advertise and you get what you pay for .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	Rice cooker be easy to use for travel and cook rice fairly quick too . however , I notice two flaw with this cooker that stand out to the point I would not recommend this product for home use . as other have mention splatter be a issue . even when cook a small amount of rice -lrb- less than one cup -rrb- you will have splatter around the cooker to the point you have to lay down a few paper towel unless you want a mess to clean up afterwards . the second and perhaps most glaring issue be the quality of the cooking pot the rice rest in . after only a few month of use the coating have start to come off , this occur mainly where the lid rest on the top of the pot and at the bottom of the pot too . I have also notice the coating have come off where the cup marking be located as well . the fact the coating be end up in my food after so little use and be the pot be only hand wash be a automatic one star . due to its size I would recommend this cooker for travel use and nothing else . for home use I suggest spend a little more money for a better cooker .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	the cooker look ok but the switch only stay in warm mode , so I have to return it without use . and it only have a simple stainless steel steam rack instead of the big aluminum steamer show in the picture .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have a bigger rice cooker but my house never need that much rice . so , I be search for a smaller rice cooker . and I come across this little rice cooker . this must be smallest rice cooker I have ever see ! when I take it out of the box I could help but laugh because it so cute ! anyway , this little rice cooker work very well . and give I just amount of cook rice I need for my household with just two person here . the non-stick coating be great , very easy to clean .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	I be excite when we receive we new rice cooker . delivery be faster than I expect , and the first time we use it it work perfectly . the rice be delicious , cook perfectly , and the cooker be super easy to clean . there be just the right amount of rice for two people , and it switch automatically from ` cook ' to ` keep warm ' for convenience . unfortunately the next day , upon plug it in , we find that it simply do not turn on \* at all ! \* we try everything . different outlet , another plug , clean the cooker again , double check the instruction ... it simply do not work . this be a great little rice cooker for a cheap price , but be prepare to send it back if it suddenly die on you . = -lrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have a aroma rice cooker for a while and continually have trouble with it scorch the bottom of the rice while it never seem to get do . I be so frustrated that I finally decide to splurge and buy this cooker . it be amazing . as long as you follow the direction you can not make bad rice . it always turn out delicious . I have cook basmatus rice , Texmati brown rice and long grain wild rice . it come out great every time . I would higly recommend this little rice cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I put in enough rice and water to make 1 cup of cook rice and then turn the cooker on . a few minute later the water be boil madly - bubble up and out of the lid to form a little , starchy moat around its rim . either the cooker be too hot or the hole in the lid too small , but whichever the case , this little , shaky devise could hardly handle 100 ml of water . Heaven know how other people have manage to get 3 cup of cook rice out of it -lrb- see other review -rrb- . I be alarm by the violence of its splutter as cooking get into full swing , so I decide to take the lid off and add some more water . I go away for five minute to check a e-mail and when I get back the light have go off . accord to the manual the `` indicator light will stay on until the appliance be unplugged '' . the appliance be not unplugged . the rice have only be cook for about ten minute , albeit at a very high temperature , and since then I have never be able to get the light to turn back on again , nor make the cooker cook . I presume something have blow . I buy this cooker simply because I be a student and this one be nearly the cheapest on the market . also Black & Decker be a fairly well know and trust brand , i.e. I purchase it without much discretion . I do , however , have a few concern before make my purchase . most notably ; there do not appear to be any way to set a timer for the cooking duration . the cooker only have a plug and one switch -lrb- with two function : ` cook ' and ` keep warm ' -rrb- . I eat many different type of rice , each with they own cooking time , so a basic ` on button ' do not really suffice . I ignore this concern , since other claim to have achieve perfect jasmine , brown , white , -lrb- you name it -rrb- rice , yet on receive the cooker , there be nothing in the manual to tell I how . my cooker blow on its first trial , so I never find out if time setting be possible . I would be interested if anyone could enlighten I . I have not return this item because I live in the UK and it would cost further money to do so . the strange thing be ; the confidence in my choice of cooker be bolster especially by the review on this website . it be not for I to say whether these review be genuine or accurate etc. but nonetheless I implore you not to listen to they and to see sense in the idea that a rice cooker , as dirt-cheap as this , may well turn out to be every bit as crap as the one send to I . if I have persuade you to look further than ` best price ' and to research cooker that may be more expensive , but that may actually work , then today I have do a service to society . good luck . n.b. I have give this product one star because when I try to give it zero star the site would not allow I to submit my review . ` please rate this comment ' comin ' up in red letter , and all that . Pfft .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this rice cooker work fine and can hold around 9 cup of cook rice . the problem be that the rice be slightly burnt onthe bottom and it take a long time to cook .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I order this brand because my friend say its the best rice cooker on the market . completely agree , the rice always cook perfectly . the only frustration be that it take quite a while , so prep be necessary so you be not wait forever . its a very pretty rice cooker and the musical start and finish sound be cute .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be my 2nd rice cooker and the 1st one be too big for a small household like mine , and we end up waste lot of leave over rice . so I decide to purchase another one for daily use . the look be stylish and go with other appliance in my kitchen . it take very small space on the counter top , and prepare rice good enough for 2-4 ppl . I like they instruction on how much rice\/water I should put in and how long it will be ready . with that information , I start the rice cooker and then prepare the dish . when the dish be all do , the rice be ready and warm to eat . all do within 30min . the moist level be just right for I . and for the price $ 17 , wow !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I do not have much to add that have not already be say . I have own this rice cooker now for 7 + year now -lrb- it be actually my first non college textbook purchase from Amazon -rrb- and it be perfect . it work great for 1-3 people , and I have never have any issue with it that be not cause by my own mistake of measurement . I will say that sometimes you have to figure out the best combination of water level\/cooking set for the rice you be try to cook , but once you have get it the way you like it the Zojirushi cook it consistently every time . I also have not have issue with the nonstick coating of the bowl except for a few scratch cause by someone use a metal spoon to scrape rice from the bottom , even they be minor though . overall a amazing product !
RiceCooker	POS	4	we purchase this rice cooker last week and have make two batch , one brown and one white . the brown rice be perfect and taste like it come from a restaurant . the white rice , however , be complete mush . anyone have any suggestion ? we follow the instruction on the bag . great size , product look great , we just need help with the white rice .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be very happy with the item as it be what I want . I be also happy about the service as the item arrive on time and without any problem . good luck with you future business quhongqus
RiceCooker	POS	5	do what it say it will do - cook rice well . this be the third aroma rice cooker I have own . I give two of they away to family who rave about how well it cook . I find the cooker improve the more you use it , i.e. the first couple of batch of rice be cook but not as well as later batch . it get better with usage .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I almost do not buy this because most of the recent review be bad . then I read they and it seem like most of they be bad because of the size . since I just want a rice cooker to make a small amount , not family size , this be perfect for what I need it for . I be so glad I do buy it . it be perfect . I use the cup that come with it to measure my rice and water , and it turn out perfect . as long as you realize that this be not a large rice cooker and be good for just 1 or 2 serving , you will not regret buy this .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I know it sound kinda ew . . but whenever we get a upset stomach around here , white rice be what we serve . I use to make that quick cook minute rice . I think it be really good until I make rice in the Zojirushi . no comparison . that and oatmeal . it even make brown rice taste really good . I buy it specifically for sushi rice , and it come out perfect every time . it take longer but it be well worth it . clean up be a breeze ; a quick wipe down of the unit and warm soap and water for the bowl , and it be clean . well worth the price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	never think I would decide to get a rice cooker - why bother ?! a friend convinced I and now I be devoted !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use and own several rice cooker . this be a very reliable model with good capacity . it make really good rice . be sure not to lose the measure `` cup '' because it be smaller than a regular cup measure . I do not think you can cook brown rice and I never have -lrb- I think you need the fuzzy logic cooker to do that -rrb- . this rice cooker should last several year .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I never really eat much rice but this make really tasty rice like restaurant serve , its so easy , just measure , and put in water and hit start . do not forget to wash the rice ... actually so far I have make more bread than rice , the bread rock ... yeah it take a little time to mix flour , etc but its worth it , I have even start experiment with put chunk of cheese , tomato and rosemary in the bread , etc. . its so yummy . I want to try brown rice soon . the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bab set make a really moist stew type meal . I be glad I get it . it have turn I into a better cook which be not easy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	wake up to perfectly cook cinnamon steel-cut oats and come home to perfectly cook brown basmatus rice . it be like have you own mother 's meal ready for you when you get up or get home . I have a less expensive National rice cooker but it do not have the timer function and it be much harder to clean . I use this machine at least once a day and it be make stick to a healthful diet much easier . I be very happy to recommend this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best rice cooker ive ever use . very easy to use and the rice be delicious .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a very nice rice cooker . the 1st one I receive - work once , and then start burn the rice after that . contact aroma customer support . they representative be very cordial and helpful and instruct I to return the cooker since it be malfunction -lrb- the cooker screen display a `` c1 '' and the cooker would not turn off -rrb- . I return to Amazon for replacement with no problem . the 2nd unit work great , and cook brown rice excellently ! it do take longer than my previous rice cooker . brown rice take from 100 to 105 minute to cook . it also require less water than my previous cooker which be a surprise to I . I hope to cook many a cup of rice with this cooker -lrb- if it continue to function well -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you dont buy this rice cooker then you be not asian . this rice cooker be definitely asian . it be make by Asians for Asians . Asians rule . go rice cooker . buy this , its awesome .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be just what you pay for . it be just a ten-buck cooker . do not expect more than that . the steamer be so poorly design . steam air leak out from the edge between the rice tank and steamer . it be not a 6-cup cooker , it be a 3-cup one . so , please be cautious when you go through it . it be cheap , so , do not bother . I be just tough .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this rice cooker a week ago and can not stop use it . so far I have make the best brown rice that I have taste in my home . we have also be use this machine to make Biryani -lrb- which come out excellent -rrb- , steel-cut oatmeal with blueberry , and chicken soup . if you need a machine that can make a wide variety of slow cook food , as well as excellent rice , then I highly recommend this machine .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have the same usual story of woe ; use a cheap , awful rice maker with a glass lid for year , have to deal with a awful mess anytime I just want a side of rice . I finally give in and order this 3-cup rice cooker after do a lot of research . it be as great as everyone say ! it be just deliver this afternoon , and I have already pull it out and cook up some rice . it be so simple , I do not even bother read the instruction . the truly fantastic thing about it be , I be able to go run a errand that suddenly come up without worry about leave it sit . when I get home , a \* perfectly \* cook serve of rice be wait for I . it be quite expensive , and I debate buy it because I be move to Japan next year . but I have absolutely no problem with spend the measely $ 20 to send it on over to myself . admittedly , I be only one person , and never cook for more than 4 , but I can not see this rice cooker fail to deliver for a small family of average eater . I only make one cup -lrb- smaller than the ' 1 cup ' we use in cooking -rrb- , and it make a full bowl of rice . this be the first time I have ever bother write a review for anything -- but I simply have to , because I be so impressed . I would reccomend this cooker to anyone who love eat lot of quality rice . : -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	if you be still boil and steam on a stove top , buy this and be free ! a super time saver , I have have mine about a year . this would be super for dorm room and very small apartment , no stove need . it cook so fast , that it will help student to eat more healthy whole grain instead of chip and candy ! add soy sauce to brown rice for a salty treat and have fiber + vitamin instead of oily chip ! as well as many type of rice , I eat many steamed grain ; amaranth , millet , quinoa , buckwheat , and more . this little cooker steam they all with ease and elegance . Wish I would buy one year ago . just measure in the grain and water , set and walk away . after a while the grain be warm and wait , with a warmer feature to keep they hot , but still moist -lrb- tight seal -rrb- , until I be ready to eat ! Dishwasher safe , easy to clean . if you be new at steam grain , they may come out too dry\/hard or too mushy until you figure out the right proportion of grain to water . like rice and pasta , you want not too soft and not too hard , but tender all the way through . add more or less water until you know the right proportion and measure every time . you will have perfectly steamed grain and it will take only seconds to measure the water and grain once you have the proportion right . whole grain be healthy to eat ! buy in bulk and save money ! check out `` handy pantry '' -lrb- on Amazon -rrb- for huge bucket of millet , amaranth , quinoa , etc. .
RiceCooker	POS	5	make lovely soup , stew and roast with ease . Digital programming allow you to set the timer , go to work , and come home to a tasty meal that have be keep warm for you . Rice cooker be also great : rice come out perfect every time -lrb- since you choose how you want it -rrb- , and stay warm . most importantly , the rice be still edible the next day in the cooker . the combination of these two function -lrb- slow cooker and rice cooker -rrb- save space in my already too cluttered kitchen . the one caveat be that it do require two different interchangeable pot and lid , so you still need to make room in you cupboard for the pot and lid not be use .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I just use my rice cooker yesterday and be very pleased with the result . it make just enough for my family size -lrb- there be only two of use -rrb- and the clean up be easy . I be concern about the sputter that I have read that other rice cooker make . I do not encounter that problem at all . I use jasmine rice in mine and decrease the amount of water in by a 1\/4 of a cup . I also rinse it quite a few time and since I do not have a proper strainer -lrb- I believe I read that a mesh strainer would be good for this -rrb- I still have some water leave over . that be the reason for the water decrease , although it would not have be more than a few tablespoon at best . it cook a lot quicker than I think it would . the instruction say to stir at the 15 minute mark , which I do . about a minute later , the light switch to the warming function . I have not use the steamer tray yet since I usually just stir fry mine but I will give it a try with some green bean . not sure how it will work but I 'll give a update on its success or failure . all in all , I can see myself get a lot of use out of this product .
RiceCooker	POS	5	Works as advertise . do not get annoyed about the steamer tray - that be like give a sedan a low rating for not have a convertible top . if you want extra feature get a more expensive model .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use aroma arc-1266f Rice Cooker for about 3 month . it work pretty well . my wife also like the nice-looking style .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this model make exceptional and easy rice . but whoever the idiot be that decide it need a carb -lrb- hole -rrb- should be reprimand . previous model with a bubble lid work just fine and avoid have a starchy mess all over you counter and floor area . I suggest line the surround counter with damp towel , and one on the floor as well before turn this messy machine on .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker ! I get this item on sale and have be use it for about 2 year now . I be very happy with it ! contrary to what another reviewer say , mine do not make a mess at all . however , I never fill it to the full 6 cup capacity , I usually make less than 3 cup of rice as it be only my husband and myself . this be a wonderful product at a great price ! I definitely recommend this !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be nice rice cooker , especially for one person . I have have this rice cooker for 3 year now and it be such a time saver . I put in 1 cup of brown rice and 2.5 cup of water and press down on the `` on '' button and leave it . it be so simple ; now I do not to worry about burn my rice . if you have rice `` stick '' on this , try add a 1\/4 cup more water . that should do the trick . -lrb- note : if you use white rice , the ratio 1 cup rice to 2 cup water . -rrb- it also have a nice steamer , so you can steam vegetable at the same time . it have a small `` footprint '' so it do not take up a lot of room . it do the job and be inexpensive . one thing I do notice be the power cord length be on the short side , but I be very satisfied .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the instruction be not the best so first time user may use too much water . -lrb- my spouse do -rrb- in short : add dry rice to bowl , then add water , pour out , add water , pour out , etc. to rinse about 4 time . use the supply plastic tool as a sieve . then with the WET RICE STILL in the bowl add water to the bowl indicator line . do not use some typical rule of thumb like 1 cup water per cup rice . when cook , stir rice in bowl immediately . I would have give 5 star but steam and some yuck come out the top vent .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have mine several month now and I be very pleased with it ! we be a small family and I be able to cook the amount I need with this cooker . I be worry that I be spend too much for it but now I be glad I spend the extra money for this brand\/model . I want to cook oatmeal in it and it do the steelcut oats very well . the only problem we have be that my husband want plain oats and I keep add thing like fresh blueberry and vanilla when I start it . we do agree on the rice . we favorite at the moment be Bhutan red rice . Cook on brown rice setting and enjoy ! be sure to check you setting EVERY TIME and do not lose you measure cup . I measure the measure cup but I forget to write it down in my receipe book . I need to do that before I lose the cup . highly recommend . PS ... have anyone cook bean with rice in it yet ??
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I use this just four time and it break . electrical short . what a total waste of money . will look for a better product . do not buy this one .
RiceCooker	POS	4	purchase 4 year ago , use 2 - 3 time per week , and it be still work great . no broken part . use for white rice , brown rice and packet rice equally successfully . add a little extra water and a drop of olive oil help with any stick to the bottom . Easy to clean up . I would buy this model again -lrb- if I have to replace this one -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it be easy to use , and rice stay fresh and warm for hour . now , I can eat freshly cook rice any time I want to . since I purchase it a month ago , I have be practically eat rice 3 time a day -lrb- I be a aisan -rrb- without gain weight -lrb- like I would do with american food -rrb- . yes , I be very happy with this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	do not bother with this one ... First off , I ' t do not even make 3 cup of rice , more like 1.5 cup . the first and only time I use it , the rice come out mushy . I assume it be user error , the second time I try to use it , it would not even turn on . I be rating it one star because that be as low as I can go
RiceCooker	NEG	1	wow - i be so look forward to use a efficient , compact rice steamer which cook up nice fluffy rice with no worry ... not . this unit boil instead of steam my counter top be cover in starchy goo and with no surprise the rice be cook all uneven and hard ... then i finally return it through the postal service and it cost just as much to send it back as it be cost . . not one to make a habit of complain but ... ...
RiceCooker	NEU	3	this be smaller than be write in the product description . I could only cook 1 cup of brown rice ; if I put in more rice , it would overflow and mess up the table . otherwise , there be no problem with the cooker .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I purchase this rice cooker base on the review that I have read and honestly it only do a adequate job consider the cost . I have yet to produce Batsami rice that do not come out like mush from it . I have use two different brand of rice and have the same problem each time . White rice and some of the other brown rice come out perfect but not the Batsami . I have read that other less expensive cooker perform just as adequatly without the high dollar tag . it sure do look good sit on my counter though ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	the package come perfectly wrap and if you take the time to read the instruction then the rice cook perfect . the only downside be that you have to clean it : \/
RiceCooker	POS	5	I actually have not use this as a rice cooker yet , but for rolled oats in the morning , it can not be beat . I love the small size , about the size of a toaster , very easy to clean , just the right size for up to 4 people with reasonable appetite . nice detail like a retractable cord and a clock that work even when unplugged -lrb- watch battery-powered -rrb- .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be japanese and move away from my mother who make rice all the time . practically live on rice . this thing do the trick . I just make rice . put it in freezer bag and store it in freezer till i want some . then throw a little in microwave . or make sushi . yeah it may be a little messy . if u want something totally clean . ur stupid ! move back in with ur mommy then . and she can do it for u. Everything be messy ! quit be lazy and clean it up . there be absolutely nothing wrong with this thing . although I wont be use the steamer much . if any . I just like rice !
RiceCooker	NEG	2	buy this nifty little device two month back . it still work fine ; i use it for dinner 2-3 time a week . by little , I really mean little . for just $ 6 more , you can probably get a cooker that be twice the capacity . and the product specification be very misleading . the box and instruction manual say that the 3-cups uncooked , -lrb- i.e. 6-cups cook -rrb- . but what they really mean be for 3 cup cook ; 1.5 cup uncooked . if you be cooking rice as a staple for carb , this will not feed more than 2 regular people for a meal ; it will probably not be enough for 2 hungry teenager . furthermore , i cook brown rice which require more water than regular rice , and the steam splash out from the lid once i go beyond the 1 cup uncooked mark . just a minor gripe , but it be remind I of how far i have fall from my previous japanese cooker with a secure hinged cover . other than size and splash , it do the job good well . the size of the cooker be really a bummer for I , because i have intend to add in vegetable or fish to cook with the rice -lrb- for `` unsupervised '' cooking -rrb- . neither be it large enough for you to cook a pot of instant raman in it .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	pro : get the job do con : the rice cooker make a huge mess . lot of liquid sputter and spill out , and it be really hard to clean afterwards .
RiceCooker	POS	5	for the price , the way it look and the way it work , it be awesome . I live in the dorm , and i do not need a huge rice cooker , it be I and usualy a couple friend . its enough for all of we ... and it have a awesome steamer that i have yet to use , but it look pretty legit . I come from a family that eat rice with every meal . this be the best purhase i have make all year !
RiceCooker	POS	4	it say 6 cup and i think it will be big . but it can take only 3 cup of rice and when the rice be cook , it will become 6 cup : - -rrb- I be very disappoint by the size , but other than that , it be a excellent product
RiceCooker	POS	4	I only purchase this item because it be the cheapest programmable rice cooker I could find . the difference between the 8 cup and 20 cup be like a dollar . anyway , it work like any old other rice cooker . I have not fix more than 4 cup of uncooked rice in it -lrb- figure it will come in handy around Thanksgiving time -rrb- or stem meat in it . it be easier than my last cooker to clean and burn the rice on the bottom after leave on to long just like all the other rice cooker I have ever use . nothing spectacular -lrb- besides the delay feature which I love -rrb- , but do the job .
RiceCooker	POS	5	we purchase this rice cooker several year ago and absolutly love it . not only could we not mess up the water to rice measurement -lrb- rice cooker adjust -rrb- but we rice stay great for 3 day . that be unbelievable !! we main diet be rice so I can say that with confidence and experience . we use ours for year until it be beyond use . since then I have be through 3 different brand and everyone of they could not even compare . either they dry out the edge of the remain rice the next day or it be soggy and start spoil quickly . all be horrible and a waste of money !! I highly reccommend this rice cooker . cost may be a bit more but worth every penny .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I get it and like it first . the size be good for one person , may work for two . it be convenient in that it cook fast -lrb- about 15min for a cup of rice -rrb- . but this little guy die after 2 week . it just stop work suddenly , leave I starve . I call the customer service and they offer to send a new one to I , but I have to pay for the 8 dollar postage . I do , and I get a new one 2 week later . I handle it more carefully because I learn from past experience that this new cutie might be somewhat fragile too . but very tragically the second one do not last for more than a week . this time , I do not even feel sorry for it . they just do not have the quality that will allow I cook lunch everyday . if you be prepare to give up eat rice soon , this be the rice cooker for you .
RiceCooker	POS	4	Works as promise , and all the review basically sum it up well ! it do burn a small patch of rice at the bottom if you do not stir it while it cook , but I do not mind that too much . it cook fast , cook well , and the steamer have be a godsend ! I absolutely love it ! Perfect for one person , and adequate for two : -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this to make rice for my family of 4 . it make the perfect serve size . Doe not take much room . a little small to steam veggy -lrb- we like lot of veggy -rrb- . overall great cooker for the price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I rarely have rice as a child and when I do , it be boil-in-a-bag or rice pilaf . well , my husband and he family eat rice every day . in fact , they do not consider it a meal unless there be a side of rice . they also have this tradition where they would scrape the burnt portion off the bottom of the rice cooker and divide it up evenly so that no rice be waste . needless to say , I be not a fan of this tradition . so I get rid of the $ 20 rice cooker and get this guy . and I be in love . I have make at least one batch of rice every day for a year and I have never have a burnt batch or mushy batch . it come out perfectly every time . I cook many type of rice : white , brown , black , basmatus , jasmine , short-grain , wild rice , etc. . it be suitable for all of these . my husband hate brown rice before this cooker and now he eat it several time a week . there be two negative , but I do not think they be bad enough to warrant fewer star : 1 . -rrb- for anything other than white rice , this be really a 2-cup rice cooker . 2 . -rrb- it do not make brown rice porridge at all . it make a great white rice porridge and even do well with half white\/half brown . but when I try to make brown rice porridge , all I get be some cook brown rice sit in a puddle of water . great rice cooker ! Worth every penny !
RiceCooker	NEG	1	I would give this a zero star if I could ! I use it once , have no problem . plug it in tonight to make plain white rice and it die after only heat the water . this be ridiculous . I guess you really do get what you pay for . I be so upset with b&d; ; I think they make a better product . I do not recommend this !
RiceCooker	POS	5	look around for a bargain to occasionally make that perfect asian rice . this be definitely it ... perfect every time . also , I have no idea how long the battery for the clock and setting last , but we lose power for 3 day , and nothing be lose .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product be terrible . it last 1 month and it be not work anymore . definitely not buy this product . I be very very disappointed .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	be aware this product be mean for only 3-cup uncooked rice , which be pretty small and ideal for couple only .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I own a similar Rice Cooker for over 30 year and it just finally quit work . so , I select this one and I love it . I find that when cooking rice that it work best to use the package recommendation for water\/rice ratio rather than the direction that come with the cooker . I have also steamed vegetable in it and that work great too ! love this rice cooker !
RiceCooker	POS	5	we area really enjoy make rice and oatmeat in we new Sanyo cooker . excellent product - great result .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be like a single serve cooker . . I have one before that I assume be a 3 cup and when this get here it be half it be size this be pretty tiny , but actually exactly the size I need , enough for one or two small serving . nothing stick , nothing be overcooked , rice come out perfect .
RiceCooker	POS	4	pro : Perfect for cooking rice\/beans on a daily basis , I have be use it for almost 4 month . the quality of the non-stick material be good , but you need to be careful while wash the inner container and ensure scratch do not build up . I generally use it to cook 1.5-2 cup of rice . the cooking time be very fast compare to other similar device I have own . con : as a result of the fast cooking time , spillage occur even while cooking small quantity . it do create a mess on the kitchen counter . a trade off with the speed of boil would have be nice .
RiceCooker	POS	4	for the new year resolution to lose weight , I be cut down on starch food . the Zojirushi rice cooker be perfect for that reason . . set the program be simple and you be able to set it in the morning for whenever you wish it to be ready for you meal ...
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love my Zojirushi rice cooker ! I do not mind cooking white rice on the stove or quick oatmeal in the microwave , but I really prefer brown rice and steel-cut oatmeal . the problem be , by the time my wife or I get home to start dinner , it be too late to start on brown rice . it be the same at breakfast - there just be not enough time to cook steel-cut oatmeal on weekday , so I only have it on weekend . I be not willing to pay $ 100 for a rice cooker , but when I read that it could cook oatmeal as well as brown rice , and it could do it on a timer , and that it could keep rice warm for several hour , I be willing to give it a shot . if you follow the direction -lrb- rinse you rice ! -rrb- , it really do all of those thing . Rice come out great every time -lrb- I have try several variety of brown rice -rrb- , and so do steel-cut oatmeal -lrb- I use McCann 's -rrb- . Rice will stay warm for many hour . clean up be a total breeze , particularly if you do it as soon as the bowl cool . since I buy it , I have discover that my 1 and 1\/2 year-old love brown rice and oatmeal , so I have start set the timer every night so that there be fresh oatmeal wait for we when we get up . I have use it every day for about four month , and I do not have a single complaint . if you can cough up the $ 100 + , I would highly recommend this rice cooker . Update : I have now be use the rice cooker for over five year , and it be still go strong , and it still look like new . this be a classic case of `` you get what you pay for '' - this turn out to be a bargain , despite the high price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I be no stranger to rice cooker , I eat rice every day , I have have they for most of my adult life . my former rice cooker be a Panasonic fuzzy logic cooker , it be great , it last over 12 year and always make great rice , but the nonstick be flake off the inside bowl and it be time to retire it . the new Zojirushi ns-vgc05 be hand down the best rice cooker ever , the rice be always perfect , the design and construction be top notch . you simply can not find a better rice cooker , the Zojirushi be perfect .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the most amazing appliance I have in my kitchen ! I do ton of research on steamer and then I find this , it have almost all positive review and the price be fair . I use this to steam fruit and vegetable for my daughter when she start eat solid and it work wonderfully ! I can also cook rice and chicken with vegetable at the same time , and dinner be do in 30 minute . also I make a fritatta the other morning in 15 minute and it taste so good ! I highly recommend this !
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it be perfect for a single portion and so easy since it come with a measure cup and have line to indicate water level . I be asian and grow up eat rice and this cook it perfectly and fast .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker will spray a little , but no more than any other rice cooker . that be why they all have the little vent hole in the lid . and it be true this rice cooker be little . I think other reviewer be exaggerate but they be not . it be the smallest rice cooker I have ever see . I be a big guy and I eat rice almost every day . this rice cooker be more than large enough to cook enough rice for any meal I would ever cook , when I be eat by myself or with another person . if you plan to have the extended family over for a rice dinner you will need a much larger cooker . but if you be cook for yourself and another person this be just fine . I always hate have a big old rice cooker to cook a single cup of rice and this meet my need wonderfully . it be small , inexpensive , solidly build , and cook rice perfect every time .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this device . its set and forget . come back 30min or 50min , do not matter , the rice be perfect . White rice , brown rice , basmatus and jasmine all come out restaurant quality . it be small , make just enough for my wife and I , and be not hard on the ac in the summer . it can also do pasta but you have to watch it a bit better than with rice . after get one for the home , I have get one for the office for when I need to stay late . I also want one for the truck for trip , but I know I would need something that could handle bump better .
RiceCooker	POS	5	have be raise on japanese food my whole life I be a stickler when it come to good quality white rice that be cook to perfection . I can always tell the difference between good rice and cheap rice and whether or not its be cook properly . also since I have get older , I have grow to love brown rice . my old el-cheapo rice cooker would almost always under cook my white rice , and brown rice would make a huge mess all over the counter . I have be eye one of these fuzzy logic cooker for a long time . I finally take the plunge and buy one last week . I love this little high-tech appliance ! a few tip to those who want to experience amazing japanese style white rice : 1 . buy this or a similar `` fuzzy logic '' rice cooker . you can not go wrong with Zojirushi , they be a very reputable and well known brand in Japan . 2 . when it come to rice , buy the good stuff at you asian market . you can tell by the price of a bag . the good stuff usually cost almost twice as much as the cheaper rice . Tamaki Gold -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- be a good one . 3 . the quality of the water you cook the rice in be very important . I use tap water to rinse my rice , then cook it in filter or bottled water , it make a huge difference . 4 . follow the direction that come with you rice cooker . be sure to measure the rice and water amount correctly . enjoy !
RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be well worth the price . it slow cook the rice , but it taste fantastic . I have own this cooker for two year with moderate use and have have no problem with it at all . it be the best kitchen accessory I have ever buy .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this pot - oh my ! I receive it 2 day ago , and have work wonder with it . it have migrate to work with I , and I just have a breakfast of quinoa with a little dry fruit . warm breakfast at the office , without salt\/sugar\/fat ! yesterday , I run some scramble egg in it , with a touch of ranch dress base - receive big kudos from the family ! most of the review have mention this - it be a SMALL pot , suitable for cook a side dish of rice for 3 , or some main dish for one . it be a perfect size for the office\/cubicle , and clean up well - I have not have anything stick to it yet . one of the biggest hint -- put the rice in the cooking bowl , and then fill to the line on the side with water . the line on the side of the cooking bowl have the size of the rice in mind already . also , if you have not read it , be sure to read the book  the Pot and how to use it : the mystery and romance of the Rice Cooker
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy a earlier version of this rice cooker a couple of year ago and have be delighted with it . base on my recommendation , two friend have buy they . and I myself just buy a third one -lrb- the new version -rrb- as a present for another friend . nothing to add to the positive comment from other in this forum . we have not check out the bread-making capability yet , but the new one make rice and steel-cut oatmeal just as well as the old one . my one small complaint be that it be difficult to clean next to the hinge . but that be minor , compare to the cooker 's overall quality and convenience . for what it be worth , my favorite everyday rice by far be Kokuho Rose rice , which cook perfectly in the Sanyo . you can buy the rice at any asian food store , and at many supermarket that have a large `` international food '' section .
RiceCooker	POS	4	honestly , this rice cooker be smaller then I have imagine . but it be perfect for what I need . at this price , it make yummy rice , and look somewhat cute . it do overcook the rice near the bottom corner a little . to be honest , I actually enjoy it that way .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this cooker be to replace my old aroma rice cooker which I have love for year . I have use it 2-3 time and so far , during each cooking , the water from the unit escape from the top not only as steam , but as a goopy mess that leak onto the counter if you be not there to sop it up during the cooking process . today i use the cooker again and to my surprise , there be none of the goopy mess . it work perfectly and make perfect rice . I rinse the rice -lrb- no soak -rrb- before the cooking and put a little butter in the cooker and mixed with rice to coat . I also add about 1\/2 cup extra water . I do open the cooker before it alert I it be do and I fluff the rice . it be perfect so I pull the plug -lrb- another quirk they change - my old one have a retractable cord which be fabulous -rrb- and let it sit for a few minute before I be ready to serve . maybe the cooker need to be `` break in '' ?? anyway , all be well and I be happy with this cooker . as long as it continue to work the way it do tonight , I recommend .
RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker be purchase about a month ago specifically for cooking brown rice . I typically cook a pot of brown rice each week . I have use it 3 or 4 time so far . it do a great job cooking brown rice , far better than when it be cook in a pot on the stove . less water be use than with stove top cooking . the rice come out more consistently `` fluffy '' and more evenly cook . I be experiment a little with the exact amount of water to use and think I will wind up use a little more than be recommend in the recipe supply with the cooker . the cooker be easy to use , just add the rice and water to the pot , plug it in , push one button , and come back about 90 minute later . the cooker switch to the warm setting when the rice be do . so , its not a problem if you be a little late get back to the cooker . clean up be easy . there be a thin `` sticky '' layer on the bottom of the no-stick cooking pot after the rice be remove . but , it come out easily with a little soak . all in all this be a great cooker .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	we have very bad experience with this cooker , I dont recommend buy it . when we buy it for the first time it stop work within couple of month then we order one more and the same thing repeat within couple of day this time . I be very disappoint with this product and be tire of order one more cooker . the same product when we buy it from wallmart we didnt seem any issue , it work for 3 year . I keep get this issue when i start buy from amazon , i be not sure why be it so . I strictly dont recommend people buy this product from amazon .
RiceCooker	POS	4	this thing be so simple to use and so dependable in it be performance that without much effort , I have become the RICE star of we household . I just cook the rice with a dissolve chicken bullion cube , a slice up green onion and my wife think I know what I be do . follow the instruction and you get perfect , delicious rice every time . I would have give the unit a 5 except it lack a automatic turn off or a manual off switch which mean I have to unplug it . not much of a big deal for `` rice of perfection '' . I be just crazy about this rice cooker .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy the aroma arc 150sb 20 cup digital rice cooker and food steamer and it do everything I want it for and more . I use it on a daily basis .
RiceCooker	NEG	2	pro : small footprint , proper capacity for two people , quick cooking function for those time where you be in a hurry . con : it do not store rice for more than 8-12 hour without the rice get yellowed . we have a huge , ancient , dented , simple Zojirushi before get the Sanyo that could hold the rice for at least two day before it yellowed . with the Sanyo , you would better refrigerate any leftovers immediately . after a year , the Sanyo fail to work . the last pot be a horrific rice paste with dry grain on the surface . overall : it have a lot of software bell and whistle that do not help it make proper rice and apparently detract from that core ability . but hey , I like to use it to make rice on a daily basis , so if you want to use it to cook frozen bread dough or non-sticky rice with olive oil , go ahead and buy into the review here .
RiceCooker	POS	5	ever play with one of those Easy Bake oven when you be a kid ? well get ready for a similar experience because make rice have never be so easy or so fun . LOL , I know I sound like a television commercial but seriously , if you be obsess with rice like I then you absolutely must have one of these . so simple to use ; just pour the correct ratio of rice and water in the removable bowl , plug the steamer in and push down the little button -lrb- like a bread toaster -rrb- , wait a few minute and viola ... delicious rice . also the bowl that you actually cook the rice in be porous enough to resist clingy rice and therefore super easy-peasy to clean up . I receive mine as a Amazon gift from a friend after I mention to she that I usually make instant rice because ... well because I be really lousy at boil the regular variety . and so speak from that perspective , let I say that I think this would be a perfect gift for just about any occasion . it be relatively attractive and really small -lrb- consider you can make a ton of rice with it -rrb- and would probably look great just about anywhere . so if you love rice , then I highly recommend this wonderful rice cooker from Oster . : o -rrb-
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this as a gift for my husband who be a rice-aholic and consider himself a connoisseur of rice . he absolutely love this rice cooker ! its very easy to use and make very good rice ! this rice cooker be highly recommend !
RiceCooker	POS	4	I just get this cooker today , so durability be not something I can rate yet . these be the thing I like ; 1 . no plastic . this be important for I . both the bottom rice cooker and the steamer tray be metal . the lid be glass . 2 . nice and compact . I cook for my wife and myself , so I do not something huge , and of course storage space be always limit . the steamer tray be small ; on the other hand , the manual claim that this can cook up to 5 cup of rice . 3 . Easy cleanup . yes some of the rice make a gooey mess in the bottom , but a little soak take it all right out . 4 . inexpensive . 5 . multi-purpose . I have use it once so far , and here 's what I do . I put some brown rice in the bottom rice cooker , and some salmon , broccoli and cauliflower in the steamer tray . the manual say nothing about steam anything other than veggy , but I think I would try it . the result : Excellent . the salmon be cook to perfection , and so be the vegetable . so I have a complete , tasty , and healthy meal , all in one cooker , and so long as I be prepare to let the bowl and the tray soak for a bit , cleanup be a breeze . oh and you can make soup , stew , etc. instead of cooking rice . it be not a large-capacity cooker but it would make plenty of stew for two people . thing I do not like : 1 . no timer . it apparently sens when the steam be go , and then switch to `` warmer '' mode automatically . the only control be a switch that go from `` cook '' to `` warmer . '' this also mean that you have to unplug it to turn it off , though that do not bother I . that be about the only thing I have to carp about so far . it do not bubble or spit at all . if I can get at least three or four year of regular -lrb- and by regular I mean nearly daily -rrb- use out of this thing , I 'll consider it a extremely good value . Update June 2010 : ok sometimes it do bubble and spit a bit . nothing terrible . I have use it probably 25 time altogether without any problem . consider the low purchase price , I would call this thing a good value . I would buy it again .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I would be have trouble with a brown crust form on the rice . then one evening I forget to put salt in the rice . Lo ! the rice cook perfectly , there be no brown crust and the rice be delicious . -lrb- it have the consistency and taste of rice from a good chinese restaurant . -rrb- so I get excellent rice for dinner and low sodium content to boot . other have suggest stir the rice at various stage of the cooking process . that can not hurt -- but I do not stir the rice and there be no problem -- once I leave the salt out . unfortunately , there be no bell or buzzer to let you know when the rice be finish cooking . so you do have to pay attention . but then , this device cost less than $ 20 not over $ 200 . I definitely recommend this rice cooker for small family or singles . it would work very well in a small apartment or anywhere if the cook top space be limit .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I love love love my B&D; rice cooker ! we use ours at least 4 - 6 time per week . even with this heavy use it have hold up to the test of time . it be perfect for serve 2 - 6 adult -lrb- 2 to 3 if main course , 4 to 6 if a side dish -rrb- . besides rice -lrb- brown ! -rrb- we also make fried rice , soup , chili and stew in we `` rice cooker '' . I even use my multi-purpose cooker like a fast cooking crock pot ! I love the non-stick interior ! Tips : \* the `` rice '' cooker work well for many type of grain : brown rice , millet , quinoa , rice blen , etc. . \* the general rule of thumb for most all grain be 1 cup grain to 2 cup water . the rule for the B&D; rice cooker be to use slightly less water . \* if the cooker make a splashy mess , reduce the amount of water per cup of dry grain and try again or try add a slight amount of oil or butter . this help to reduce `` foam '' of some grain . cooking suggestion : \* the evening before I 'll put a cup or three of mixed bean with water to soak overnight in the rice cooker , the next day i simply rinse the now soaked bean and dinner be ready in 1 to 3 hour depend on what I be put in it , or how frozen the small roast be before I start . a simple recipe : french ONION soup 1 medium onion , chop Bragg 's liquid amino , several splash water I combine in the rice cooker , set to high and it be ready when the onion be transluscent . this only take 25 - 45 minute depend the size batch I make . Bragg 's liquid amino can be find here on Amazon . please leave comment below with any question or if need for some recipe idea .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I get this cooker about 2 week back . use the delay timer , prepare rice . it very nice to come home to a hot dinner . also the slow cook option be wonderful . just one pot multitasking . make biryanus use the slow cook option . its wonderful .
RiceCooker	POS	4	I have one of those cheap rice cooker I get at target and the rice be never consistent . I invest in this rice cooker and I have try , white -lrb- jasmine -rrb- , brown , and wild and have get great result each time . my only complaint be similar to other . the instruction manual give really no concrete information on how to measure you rice and water . even when I think I add to much or too little water , the rice have turn out . the cooker be easy to clean and easy to transport to various counter . overall , I be glad I make the investment .
RiceCooker	NEG	1	false advertisement , honestly . half the size describe , as it can not make 3 cup into 6 cook cup of rice . the maximum it can hold be 1 1\/2 cup raw to make 3 cup . send it back right after open it , and find a 16 cup cooker for five dollar more .
RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this for a friend for Christmas a year or so ago and discover a few month ago that she never use it . so , I immediately confiscate it . if you measure appropriately and put in the recommend amount of water and rice , I be not sure how it could go wrong . it cook perfectly for I every time and if I forget about it , that be ok because it will turn off cooking mode and turn to warm mode when it be do cooking . the steam tray need no explanation . that be just what it be . simple . Works . I love this thing and use it at least twice a week . enjoy !
RiceCooker	POS	5	First off , I be chinese and be basically a life long rice eater . Rice be definitely my daily staple . I do not feel right when I do not have a bowl of rice or two in my stomach daily . therefore , I use rice cooker daily . my parent bring I up use Tiger brand rice cooker . I use to have a basic Zojirushi that I use to cook brown rice for 10 year until it finally stop work last month . great durable rice cooker , but near the end , the rice get burn on the bottom . I then buy a cheap aroma rice cooker from Walmart , but the brown rice come out hard , chewy and in one piece ! after do extensive research online and on Amazon , I decide to go with the Sanyo with fuzzy logic , since it get great review from many different website . since most Zojirushis in the US be no longer make in Japan , I figure why not get the best of both world : a reasonably price rice cooker with all the bell an whistle . I order this from Amazon Warehouse deal and the unit come literally brand spanking new . 2 nice , thick durable non-stick cooking bowl with accurate measurement on the inside for rice and water . I make a batch of brown rice and it come out great ! the timer be easy to use and work like a charm , beep when the rice be do . in the morning . I wash the rice and throw it in the cooker and set the timer to cook for dinner time . by the time I get home from work , I have a perfectly cook , tender , fluffy bowl of hot brown rice for dinner ! no burn bottom and so easy to clean , with no rice gloop to clean from the steam vent -lrb- like my old Zojirushi do -rrb- and two replaceable steam lid include . this machine be a wonder and a great deal ! you can spend mega buck on the Zoji or the Tiger , but why ?
RiceCooker	POS	5	the Zojirushi rice cooker be perfect ! it cook perfect rice every time , very easy to use , nice thick bowl that be easy to clean , and be small enough for we kitchen . we accidentally leave some rice on the keep warm setting over night and in the morning we still have perfect rice ! highly recommend it , well worth the price .
RiceCooker	POS	5	its fantastic ! I be debate on whether to buy a rice cooker or continue buy rice from the chinese takeout shop downstairs . after read multiple review I finally decide on this one . although I be pre-warned by the review that it be go to be a small cooker , I be really surprise when it arrive . I do not expect it to be quite this small . its great for one or two people . I have make rice like 4 time and even cook porridge in this cooker . its great ! just follow the water direction indicate and you will get rice well do !
RiceCooker	POS	5	buy for a Christmas gift ... she call I when she be first use it and say she love it . `` and it be pretty too ! ''
RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my very first rice cooker and I be extremely happy with it ! it work wonderfully and be not costly at all . I be in love .
RiceCooker	POS	4	the cooker work fine . I have some problem at first because when I read direction , I assume that rice be in the steamer and water be in the bottom . after I clean up the water I re-read the instruction and discover the water go in with the rice ! -lrb- aroma assume that user be not idiot . -rrb-  aroma arc-743-1ngr 6-cup Rice Cooker and Food Steamer , Red
RiceCooker	POS	4	everything be good with this product , just it be too small even for one person . I sometime want to steam some vegetable but it be too small .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	the measure cup include with the Black & Decker Automatic Rice Cooker that I purchase be not the measure cup picture on the box nor be it the one picture in the instruction manual . the instruction manual state `` measure desire amount of rice to be cook use rice measure provide ; do not use 1-cup measure cup . -lrb- the rice measure provide hold 2\/3 cup uncooked rice - about 5 oz . or 140 gram . -rrb- '' the measure cup that be include with the rice cooker I purchase do not have a 2\/3 cup graduation on it . there be graduation on the side of the cup of 1\/4 , 1\/2 and 3\/4 . there be no graduation at the top of the cup . I be guess it hold one cup total . anyway , as there be no 2\/3 cup graduation on the measure cup provide I be leave wonder what quantity of rice I be suppose to use . be I suppose to fill the measure cup provide to the top or should I use my own trusty 2\/3 cup measure cup . as note above the instruction manual clearly state `` do not use 1-cup measure cup . '' I be sure with some experimentation I could get the rice to water ratio just the way I like it . however , I feel that I should not have to experiment with it to get it to cook the rice correctly . I can not testify as to how the unit cook rice or to it be durability as I be return it unused . I could not decide on how many star to give this rating . I be give it three star as I can not recommend whether you should buy this rice cooker or not as I have not actually use it . however , if you be willing to experiment with the rice to water ratio this may the the rice cooker for you . good Luck .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it be brainless ! I add the rice and water and push the button and forget about it until it be do . ditto with the potato . each be do very well , easier than check the pot on the stove . love it !
RiceCooker	POS	4	I will not say this be a excellent product but definitely satisfy you need . the ` keep warm ' option be a ` cherry on the pie ' .
RiceCooker	NEU	3	I rcvd this product earlier then what be quote , which be great ! I be very happy ... until i open the package and realize it be miss the Bowl to cook product in . I contact the vendor to see if maybe they could send I one , i be willing to pay for it too . however Rachel at Black and Decker state that they no longer make this product -lrb- hence price -rrb- and that i should return it to purchase a different model as this one be know to be `` defective '' the only reason why i give this a 3 , be for shipping . other then that i can not say if this work for I or not . = -lrb-
RiceCooker	NEG	1	Perfect for one person meal , convenient and easy to use . but after two week , it just stop work with no reason at all . light can not be turn on no matter connect to power or not , just have to return it .
RiceCooker	POS	5	awesome cook rice ! and so easy to use . why do I wait so long to purchase ?
RiceCooker	POS	4	I receive this cooker on time . I use it occasionally ; but it be be only about a month . the top need a little press to close completely . other than that , the cooker work great for a small family . I have to remember to unplug , or the rice turn yellow .
RiceCooker	POS	5	it cook Rice and yep it work , wonderful little cooker for when you just need a cup of rice cook : -rrb-
