Domain	Label	Rating	Review
Video_Games	NEU	3	this game feature a new 3d setup , which with the hero system I believe make the game more complicated than it need to be . be a active starcraft player , I find the mechanic bog I down when I try to play the campaign mission . I just hope starcraft 2 be not build like this game be .
Video_Games	POS	5	do a good job , the LED 's let you know when the battery be fully charge . it be small and do not take up much space . from what I have be read about the other charger on the market I would say it be safe to buy this one .
Video_Games	NEU	3	this product be definately not all it be crack up to be although the main thing for I be the trigger be not as nice as standard xbox trigger . 3.5 \/ 5
Video_Games	NEU	3	DaGeDar be a game where you control a DaGeDar steel ball and have it roll through a course . it actually remind I of Sonic the hedgehog with how you control the ball through loop and as you pass through item . you can receive Energy Chargers that refill you Turbo meter so you can go at turbo speed and fly through the air from a cannon . there be other boost and of course patch to slow you down or even eat up you ball so you have to start over . the game include 3 Championship Leagues , 7Zones , and 100 DaGeDar ball to unlock . you have to keep playing -lrb- racing -rrb- to get better speed and slowly you will unlock more and more of the game . so while the game be very easy to play , the challenge be to keep play to unlock more level and ball and get better time . my 3 year old love this game , that be how easy it be for he - now of course he have a horrible time and be not use Turbo or anything , but he be able to beat the level . for older kid it be the challenge of unlock everything and even compete against friend ! we only have one d otherwise I be sure my boy would love to race each other ! oh and the basic level and option you have in the beginning be okay but they definitely get cooler as the game go on !
Video_Games	POS	4	I get this game on the first day . I be so excited since i love the first one -lrb- except for the final drive mission -rrb- . it be gameplaywise it have really evolve , which be a good thing . you can now jack the covenant vehicle with `` right timing '' . also they get rid of the health meter , another good thing . all in all i love it . but that doa not mean it be perfect . Let 's move on ahead to the `` not so good '' part . there be a lot of glitch in the fmv sequence of the game . some object pop in & out . and , `` why would i wanna play as a arbiter ? '' . that part totally bum I out .
Video_Games	POS	5	my wife and she sister play these game . they both love this game and say it be a lot of fun . everything come on time and installation be no problem . no complaint .
Video_Games	POS	5	I purchase this remote because I intend to use it to control my xbox 360 's Windows Media Center Extender functionality . I quickly notice how adept it be at control all media that can play on it , include other service like play dvd , Netflix , and even just navigate the dashboard -lrb- new dashboard release in the end of 2011 work great ! -rrb- . I be pleasantly surprised - it will make it possible for my girlfriend to control the xbox without have to learn how to use the regular xbox 360 controller or yell at it to get the kinect to hear she over my speaker . : - -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	not really a lot to say here . the graphic be actually spectacular . that be why it get the one star . the game itself be utter nonsense and absolute crap . I have see people get through it in as little as a bit over a hour , I take my time and get 3 out of it . nothing really here at all to offer to anyone who be a fan of drive game , unless you like the walmart arcade racer in the arcade area . then this would be right up you alley . the physics , as with all NFS game since ... the first few original , be absolutely ridiculous . the car themselves be gorgeous , but behave nothing like car . ea gamble it be entire game on be the only one to offer Porsches , due to a contract game like Forza 4 , be not allow to use Porsches . well , this strategy be a absolute , utter failure . it will never compete with game like Forza 3 or 4 , or Gran Turismo . I can not imagine it be really mean to though , it feel like they spend all of about 5 minute develop it . I suppose I be a bit harsh . I just like my drive game to feel like I be actually drive something . honestly , any drive game without a interior view automatically lose all star . this game have no real story , no real substance to it , but like I say , graphically it be honestly pretty awesome . as for judge if you should buy it or not , go to you local walmart , play one of those `` fast and the furious '' arcade game . if you like it , this be for you . if you be look for anything resemble actual driving , do not bother , honestly . at least not at the price it be be sell for now . when it drop to the 5 dollar value box , or if you be go to rent it , go for it . mercifully , I be smart enough to play before buying . do the world a favor and do not give ea or black Box any of you money . let evolution take it be course .
Video_Games	POS	5	ok before I start on the game , I will address this ` lagging ' issue . the only time this have happen to I be if I have be play for a while -lrb- lazy Saturday , woman not around , 6 hour in -rrb- and typically get choppy in a town . but you know what , I probably should not be play 6 hour straight anyways , but that be my problem now be not it ? my file be around 11mb and I have 100 hour of game time -lrb- yes , I be that awesome -rrb- . so I be not sure why everyone have give this 1 star . now , that be address ... endless fun . seriously , endless . I have not even explore everywhere yet . and when I plan on do a mission\/quest I end up get side-track when I come across a abandon keep or bump into someone who need help . for every quest I finish I have add 3 more . and they be the typical ` fetch ' quest either . the story be immersive as be each side quest . and these side quest be not straight forward . I ` read ' a random book at the beginning of the game and only just complete it , 100 hour later . I do not have the best armor\/weapons\/spells , I do not have all the shout , and I be not even max out on level up . the graphic be incredible too . as be the gameplay , dialogue\/sound effect , lighting . of course , with any game like this -lrb- or really in general -rrb- load be a bit tedious . so while all the above-mentioned make for a incredible gaming experience , have to load so much get a tad annoying . but whatever , I be a patient guy and it be worth it . it really be unfortunate that so many people give it 1 star base upon a lagging issue -lrb- which I believe be real and I be sure one of the two patch I have have address this and other will continue to in the future -rrb- . I have only come across a couple minor glitch and for a game with such scale that be quite impressive . I 'll continue to support Bethesda as they rarely disappoint . if you can get past the ` lagging ' complaint you will find yourself with the best game of the year -lrb- yes , that be include Modern Warfare ... stupid over rate fpss -rrb- . lastly , it be rare that a game come out that be truly one player . call I a loner , but I find most gaming better alone , make a personal experience , like read a book series ... uhhh but with button instead of word . Ok , that be enough babbling . I hope you consider Skyrim if you have not already . if not , whatever , I do .
Video_Games	NEG	1	xbox 360 mc2 race wheel be not work for I : -lrb- . . I connect it to the XBOX . . power be not get switch on for xbox 360 mc2 race wheel .
Video_Games	POS	5	my bud give I so much hype about this system so i buy it ... here be my thought the game be pretty pricey and there not really that good such as steel diver , pilot wing , pokemon rumble blast . if you go to buy a game i recomend you review it first : -lrb- the game that have come out that be good . be just remake into 3d effect such as star fox , zelda , splinter cell , metal gear , street fighter . its not a bad thing but its something that can be improve . they be all good game but nintedo be a smart company ... come on guy hit I with something new . : -lrb- although classic game be avaible for download there not offerd in 3d which be sorta odd : -lrb- the 3d can be hard to adjust to at time and its sometimes pointless in game -lrb- splinter cell , sonic gen -rrb- : \/ the ar card be briliant and add new spice to gaming . : d the camrea be amazing . theres a sd card that come with it so you can save on you pc . : -rrb- not really a big thing ... buttttt there no more picto chat : \/ mii plaza be a cool way to meet new people ... but other than a couple of minus game -lrb- find mii , puzzle -rrb- its nothing to brag about . : \/ its not to bad of a system im just glad i wait till the price drop .
Video_Games	NEG	2	after play the game with my cousin and read the online review I would have to say that this game pretty much suck the big one . OMG , Bungie , what the hell be you think put this game out there after we , the buyer , have to wait 2 + yr to play . I mean do not get I wrong , the graphic , the voice-over and the weapon be awesome . but , the end ? come on now , I save up big time to get this and have pre-order month in advance to receive the `` game of the year '' please ! the original , Halo , beat this one in to . also , I do not like playing between the Convenant and as Master Chief . pick one side and stick with it . they should make it like this : First play as Master Chief then after beat the game as a human give the option to play as the convenant or maybe ... the Flood . oh , Bungie , if you be read this : make a end that the gamer will like and not one the blow .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I enjoy part 2 and enjoy part 3 even more with the exception of the end and a key function . I love the graphic and game gameplay with this exception ; if you be near a hiding spot and you try to sprint from the enemy at that very spot , the game 's sprint function will choose to hide you right before the enemy , instead of sprint which cause the enemy to kill you . I really hope that that be not you most innovative thinking oh great E. A\/Bioware . be you tell I you could not assign a single key for sprint ? there be so many top of the line game available today all with they specific sprint key and for some deep scientific reason you could not have put that function in me3 ? now I truly try to appreciate a game , a story or movie for what it be , but Bioware and E.A just finish the job of ruin whatever remain liking I have for they base on what they have do to this game . the end make so sence what-so-ever . and despite so many person request for a better ending , the smart creator declare ` no we be not change it , it be fineeeeeeee the way it be . ' do you know that idiocracy be not right but rather a choice ? and to think they be ask so much money for it hah . to I it be as if they be work tirelessly to destory they fan base with these sort of foolish action . and then they complain that they have to sell the game for outrageous price with foolish excuse . really ? do sensible thing with the game and people will gladly buy it at a premium price point $ 25 - $ 35 . you will end up build you rep and fan base , and make you money in the process . so many thing about the game do not add up or do not make sence . now if that be what the game creator be try to achieve then man they stick gold . after play the single player I be like ` that be it , break the door down Kronk . ' if I could have return the game after play it then I would not even bother write a review as i could get my money back -lrb- even if i get less than what i pay -rrb- . but , these same game creator defend the right before the govt that they be lose $ $ when the consumer do not keep the software -lrb- result = no return open software -rrb- . why do not you make what the consumer will want to keep , then everyone would be happy ? you complain you do not collect $ $ on the sale of use product and I guess that make you feel cheated . what about the consumer who have invest they time and money into you product only to feel cheat ? you do not want to give they back a dime but you want to continue collect ? I will give you this , I have learn from this game experience that I be not buy any more game until I see a walkthrough for it . if I like it then i will buy it . no more will I listen the you advertising , I will listen to other gamer . and by then the game should cost less so it be a win win situation for I . since I already own the game I only play the multiplayer which be another story , but it be -lrb- in my view -rrb- still better than what they give as a end for the single player . never again E. A\/Bioware , never again !
Video_Games	POS	5	no doubt , this its the best console ever make . I can play game with my family and friend , listen to music , play awesome game , watch hd movie and much more fun ! I love it !!
Video_Games	POS	5	people kewp ask `` Whats isn so special about this game ? they think its stupid . ask most of they `` have u play it for more than two hour ? and most will reply no. . Animal Crossing have bad graphic and sound . all n64 japanese port have that charicteristic . what make Animal Crossing special ? 1 . it have a enormous amount of stuff u can do 2 . it come with a slew of classic NES game 3 . it be real time 4 . ITS NOT the SIMS !! ITS NOT SUPPOSED to be REAL !! -lrb- Hech , all ur neighbor be ANIMALS ! 5 . it dosent easily get repetitive -lrb- Play for short incriment each day . this way , u wont `` burn out '' and you can play for year and see all the cool new stuff each day . 6 . it come w \/ a free memory card 7 . its only $ 20 buck !
Video_Games	POS	5	who say the d do not have great game ? liar , that be who ! and with d Mario Kart you can say you have get one of the best title to hit the d ! and with Nintendo d now with Wi-Fi connection , you can play online and enjoy the fun with up to seven other player ! Mario Kart d , like all the other , feature grand prix race for you to race in . most of they will not be availible until you complete other race , but that be the fun of Mario Kart . the race be not too hard , and they be a load of fun ! four of these track be brand new , but several be take from previous Mario Kart title . from the SNES , to the GBA release just a couple of year ago . you can enter cup at 50cc , 100cc , or 150cc . this , of course , be the difficulty level . you 'll not only notice you opponent get faster , but they 'll get more aggressive as well . there be eight character with two vehcile each . well , at first . as you progress through the game you 'll unlock more . when decide on a character you of course be look at speed , acceleration , etc. but you may also want to look at thing like ... the drift ... or they item attribute . a low item attribute will often net you item that be pretty much useless . this be not just a rehash of a old game , though . I note that there be four new track , and that it actually combine earlier title . but there be also new powerup in this one . you now have a Bullet Bill power up which will increase you speed -lrb- and send you temporarily into auto-pilot -rrb- . you 'll also be able to fire off a bob-omb -lrb- that 'll really mess you opponent up -rrb- and you can now release a blooper -lrb- those squid guy -rrb- to squirt ink on the screen of you opponent . these new edition be worth it . in addition to the new power up and track , you have also get `` Mission '' mode . this will pit you into course where you 'll have to perform certain task to move on . for example , you may need to pass through gate in a certain order . there be six group with nine level each . each group end with a boss . now let 's move on to the best stuff . the reason a lot of we still play Mario Kart game . the battle ! you can do the balloon battle and shine runner in a single player mode , but not do they on multi-player would be a sin . Mario Kart d take complete and total advantage of Nintendo 's wi-fus usage . so challenge some people ! get on the Wi-Fi have great oppurtunity . you can have up to 36 rival , and you can challenge people all over the world . the problem of course , be you could lose the connection . there be little problem with the wi-fi connection , though , and it be much more fun than it appear to be . as you might have guess , the game look and sound great ! it be smooth , like the visual of the n64 version , only smoother -- not as blocky . the sound be great and so be the sound effect . and because the d in Stereo , you 'll love it with all you heart . Mario Kart d be another must own d title . it be not just some port of a old game , it throw in a ton of new stuff . so do not think of pass this up by say , `` I have get it on n64 ! '' the n64 version have nothing on this . so grab it ! the good : + FUN stuff to UNLOCK ! + Great Graphics + Great Sound ! + you can play multiplayer with a single pack ! + fully take advantage of Nintedno Wi-Fi + not just a rehash of Super Mario Kart 64 , it be actually it be own title ! the bad - you friend and family will certainly feel neglect -- unless they have this game !
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this for my son for Christmas . it come with a stylus with a stand alone Lego guy . great value .
Video_Games	NEG	1	we buy this for Christmas think it would be fun for some family game time . we love the actual game but the video game be a joke . my husband who be very good at video game try two different challenge . you be require to do two different motion use the controller and nunchuck which prove to be very difficult . after try the training session for two different challenge -lrb- with not much success -rrb- we decide to return it to Amazon . the challenge would be a lot more fun in real life than in a video game .
Video_Games	NEU	3	first of all i didnt know it be a dvd rom when i first buy it and the bad thing be a have to buy a new computer really a lap top with a dvd rom but i hear that it have glich in it allot of glich and allot of bug so my friend have it since he have a dvd rom palyer and it be slow as hell but he cmputer be soo fast on other game like vice city and gta 3 its wire why be this game soo slow i only know its probally because its hell a lot bigger that the other gta put together ! graphic be good in it the gameplay be excellent and the sound be excellent you can put mp3 like cam ` ron and diplomat its fun when do that when just ride and listen to mp3 's graphic 8\/10 sound 10\/10 gameplay 10\/10 overall 9.3 i know i give it a 3 star but that because its a dvd rom player not a cd rom i know some people should be piss if they get this
Video_Games	POS	5	if you like to move this be the game for you . follow the dance move and score big in point and get exercise .
Video_Games	POS	5	I understand that security be ideal and necessary , but wait for a digital code download should not take up to 4 hour . I be excite to purchase m point in this manner , but I would just as soon buy the m point card instead . at least then I know for certain that my money will pay for the intended product . worry not , I still love Amazon !
Video_Games	POS	5	fast service and a quality product , I have no problem with this and as soon as I get it I get down to restore alot of my old game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I love the wrist strap be be very handy and my hand be free when play my wius game . thank much will do business again with this seller
Video_Games	POS	5	you have probably see how revolutionary Super Mario 64 be on the Nintendo 64 . well , imagine if the game be separate into minus planet , and you see Mario soar through the air as he be launch into the air . that , my friend , be Mario Galaxy . the game start out with Mario roam through a gorgeously detailed Mushroom Kingdom as he run to Peach 's Castle ... for cake . but then , guess what ? not only do Bowser kidnap Peach again . he kidnap Peach in a very epic cutscene ! unfortunately for Mario , a magikoopa send he fly into the galaxy , knock he out . now , the main game be play through very big and graphical 3d world bounce on Goombas , collect coin , and all kind of other stuff . but , like Super Mario 64 , you must collect Stars . collect enough Stars to be able to play in another world , or maybe have Mario tussle with Bowser . if you be to play the game , you 'll notice that everything , and I mean everything , be much , much deeper and more fun than I be describe it . the music be nothing like I have ever hear in a Mario game . I mean , seriously . once I play the game until after I beat the first Bowser boss , I be think `` oh , my god . these track be from a MARIO game ?? '' . the music also breathe air into the spacey atmosphere in the game . the one major complaint I have with this game be that the 2-player mode be stupid . there be almost nothing the second player can do to help the first player play through the game . sure , he\/she can collect Star Bits , launch they at enemy , and fling those ... rubber . . tree at enemy . but that be pretty much it . the second player do not even have his\/her own character -lrb- thanks , Mario Galaxy 2 -rrb- . but other than the 2-player mode , the game be amazing . it be one of the best Wii game you can buy . oh , and Spoiler Alert : Luigi be playable after you collect all 121 Stars , in case you do not know .
Video_Games	POS	5	commando be the very first video game -lrb- pc -rrb- I have play . ever since I have fall in love with the whole collection . not only that , so many memory of friend that always stay with I because of this game . they have always do the thing that start similar game but no game could reach they . I be so excited about this collection because the first 2 game will not work on xp but I think through this dvd it 'll be fine . ultimate strategy game , LOVE IT . highly highly recommend
Video_Games	POS	5	ok , so i be a little skeptical about how well the fan in the xbox slim actually compare to the previous xbox . i be scare that the same old over heating problem would continue so i look into buy a cooler . now since ive learn not to tilt the xbox vertically and keep it horizontal , that it should be just fine . it do do fine , but i have my xbox in a entertainment center in a small compartment . so , just to make sure consistent and proper flow be circulate in my xbox i purchase this cooler . it do a reaaallllyy good job just make sure the flow continue . it continue to cool when the xbox turn off and be usually on for about a minute or 2 . after hour of use -lrb- movie or game -rrb- the xbox be still cool ! great buy . id buy again ! try it out if you have it in small , enclosed area just for proper circulation !
Video_Games	POS	5	fast Lane stuff be criminal , and really should have be illegal . the pack be small , expensive , and contain nothing interesting or terrifically useful . late night be INCREDIBLE !!! all I have to say , be that the game be exciting , fun , and definitely fill with amazing thing . buy it , enjoy it , and make sure you play it . con : it do lag a little , as it be a big add-on to you computer .
Video_Games	POS	5	the critic be all wrong . the game be amazing and help a lot to lose weight !!! do not pay attention to the review from the specialize journalist . we , the gamer , love it ! -lrb- ... -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	I have not use this for a xbox but instead for a pc and it work perfectly . the first time you plug it in the driver install quickly . most game automatically map the button but you can always change they around if need be . the cord be also sufficiently long . highly recommend .
Video_Games	POS	5	great shooter game . killer graphic . I have set the language to English first and then just for fun I try the spanish version -lrb- latinoamericano -rrb- and I like the translation .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a avid fan of Nintendo . still , I feel the release of the 3d be a bit rush . the launch game be lack , be mostly remake or gimmicky game try to show off the capability of the new system . with this game however , Nintendo hit the sweet spot . they have make a truly amazing game on they revolutionary new console . the platform feel spot on , with game play from 2d and 3d Mario game . if I have to describe it , I would say it be 2.5 d , if that make any sense . it be like a 2d platformer , but instead of have just a foreground to play in , you play in multiple foreground and background . this game have tanookus fever . there be tanookus goomba , tanooki bullet bill , tanookus bowser , and of course , tanookus Mario . defeat goomba with my tail be something I have not do since Mario 3 . this game be HUGE . in order to have a 5 star file you have to complete all level , get all the star coin , complete all level as Luigi , get to the top of every flagpole , and get to the top of every flagpole as Luigi . con : the tanookus suit make thing almost too easy , it almost feel like cheating . in the last couple of level be hard in a bad way . they only give you 30 seconds to complete they , with clock scatter over the level that give you 10 extra seconds . and they use Shadow clone , shadowy Mario doppleganger that follow you every move , damage you if they touch you . it make I feel as if I be run out of a building that be go to explode with a gunman chasing after I . overall , the good outweigh the bad , give you no reason to pass up on this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	my daughter be 7 year old . she have autism . take care of a autistic child can be a challenge . once a day i allow she to play with she Nintendo d that I purchase from Amazon on line as long as she have good behavior . I allow she to play for a half hour . I use it as a way to reinforce possitive behavior . the add plus : this be my break time . autistic child sometimes focus on one thing and stay that way . they get really good at that one thing and that be all they want to do or talk about . I be very careful that she only play with it for that half hour each day . it be so easy to use and very portable . a must have for those long car trip or visit to the doctor . my daughter have become very good at she Nintendo d in a short period of time . I love it when she play with it because I get that half hour of uninteruptid time to myself . and that be a blessing to I ! thanks Amazon and thanks Nintendo !
Video_Games	NEG	1	ok we buy this after a article about a inexpensive solution for shooting `` tethered '' but wirelessly with the Nikon d4 , which have a ethernet port . the idea be that you could use this thing to basically convert the eth port to WiFi so that you could send photo directly to you computer or ipad or whatever . shoot , photo be send to computer , do . the Nikon solution cost like , $ 900 , so this seem like a good option . the problem be that this thing require external power to run , so now you be either need to be plug into a wall or you have to buy a batter pack of some sort , which increase the size and awkwardness of use you camera . the d4 be already a huge camera already . the other thing be that this do not even include a power cable , and without a battery pack , it be totally worthless to I .
Video_Games	POS	4	I love this game and its especially fun if you have a lot of people play with you . I have to admit I didnt think it would be such a work out but it be worth the price . one thing I dont like about the game be it do not have enough song . it do have a variety of song of all genre but I just feel like there could be more . the overall game be great though .
Video_Games	NEU	3	it be disappointing as it be a `` steam '' game which can only be opened\/run with steam open . it be not a stand alone game , but rather a subset of the require steam console
Video_Games	POS	4	to start I cant believe that this game be rate as low as Madden 11 . Madden 11 be possibly the worst madden ever make -lrb- Madden 08 for 360 be bad too -rrb- . it have everything that could ruin the game , lack of realism , bad graphic , bad online gameplay , multiplayer glitch , and freezing problem . my friend recently buy Madden 12 and brag about how great it be . of course know ea like to release crap I tell he to stop lie . he visit yesterday and we play possibly the best madden since 05 . everything be improve plain and simple and im glad that ea be work to make the game playable and fun again , im just wait for a arcade style Madden game like NFL Street or Blitz The League .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have not play a battlefield game since bf2 on the pc . I have switch over to the call of duty series over the last few year and love they . I read some of the glowing review for bf3 and decide to give it a shot and have not be disappoint . I recommend download the hd graphic -lrb- which clock in at around 2gb -rrb- . they be great and they make you feel more immerse in you surroundings . I know people have complain about it take up hdd space , but there be only so much you can fit on a dvd . if you have the 250gb console , this should not be a problem . my only complaint with the game be : 1 - you can not customize you class in between round . I find this annoying because I end up adjust my kit during time I should be play in a round . be it the end of the world , no. . it be something that can be fix though . 2 - not be able jump out of the server you be currently on while in between round . at the end of a round you have to wait until the next round begin before you can quit you current server to join a new one . it take about a minute or so to switch in between map . again a minor complaint but one that can be fix in the future I be sure . I try go back to mw3 but find the run & gun pace a bit play out . I like the `` slower '' pace of bf3 , as well as the xp point bonus -lrb- like give ammo to or reviving\/healing -rrb- you get from interact with you assign squadmate -lrb- if you join one -rrb- . the destructible environment bring another level of play in . tank & rocket can take out wall , car & tree . finally , the weapon customization rock in this game . so many option to choose from . from tactical flashlight , bipod , IR scope to foregrip & underbarrel launcher . this be a must own title !
Video_Games	POS	4	I see this item and think it be the best option from the rest . it be a bit more expensive than the other but it have all the thing you can ask for . also , there be other alternative but they cost about the same price but have less feature so this be probably the best thing to get . it hold you ps3 slim pretty good and do not take up much room . I do not know why people be complain that you can only charge two move wand controller and not four . that be why they add the extra four usb port so you can use the usb cable to charge the rest of you move . overall , the charge station work great . great buy and I recommend it to everyone for now .
Video_Games	POS	5	when Bungie announce that they be make Halo 2 , a lot of people think that they be just fix up the original one and add thing . Bungie then inform the public that it be build it all over again and this be much more than just a re-make . the game design and control be identical to the original , while the graphic be bump up a few notch . the texture take a few seconds to load sometimes mid cut-scene , but it be a improvement . you can definately tell the same people design the level in this game that do the last , as there be one or two that be pretty redundant and stretch probably longer than they need to . but overall , this game have many new thing to offer . First off , duel weilding weapon . you can still only store one weapon that you be not use , but the current one , if it be hold by one hand , can leave room for you to pick up another one handed weapon . in this case , you can fire both simultaniously or in whatever combination you want -lrb- alternate and such -rrb- because you right trigger control you right weapon , and leave trigger now control the left one -lrb- as oppose to the grenade , like normal -rrb- . this add much to the game on its own . second , you have a plethora of new weapon to play with . the covenant arsenal have be expand exponentially , and you can now wield the energy sword -lrb- a new favorite , as you could imagine -rrb- . you also get the fuel rod projector , which be the big gun that be graft onto the arm of the hunter - the covenant equivalent to the rocket launcher . it have a covenant equivalent to a sniper rifle , and a carbine also . Third , you can hi-jack vehicle . this be a major plus , but definately a skill to be learn and master . this will make multiplayer much more interesting . also , you can climb on enemy tank , pop the cover open , and drop a grenade in there to cook the pilot without waste a rocket like you have to before . fourth , the story be much more complex . there be more cutscene , and another goodie that be leave out of the previous review -lrb- or at least the one I have read -rrb- . while the story do not flow nearly as easily as the last game , there be essentially two story happen simultaneously . I be guess the story will combine later -lrb- I be only halfway through now -rrb- , but beside the one with the Master Chief , you play the Arbitor in the other . you be the disgraced elite that be in charge of the fleet in the first game . you failure to bring the Master Chief down and preserve the Halo have bring you much pain , and the suicidal position of the Arbitor . you play alongside the Covenant military as he , and run mission against Covenant rebel and other thing . this give much exposure into how the Covenant work and develop they much more so than the last game . two variation to the original classic weapon must be note . the pistol do not have a scope on it anymore , which will definately balance multiplayer game by limit those head-shot guru who never fight up close . also , the previous Assault Rifle , with its automatic fire and 60 round magazine be long go . in its place be the battle Rifle , with a 2x scope , but only a three round burst fire mode , and a 32 shoot magazine . sadly enough , take elite out with that be much harder because you can not bum-rush they while empty you magazine . the three round burst definetly slow down the effectiveness of the rifle in short range combat , which be probably why they introduce the sub machine gun , which be a high rate of fire , caseless , one handed weapon . of course , now you have to have both of they for the same advantage you have with the single Assault Rifle before , but it be a minor setback . I do not have access to XBOX Live where I be at currently , but I be sure this will be one of the greatest live experience to date . I know how much fun the orinigal game be in multiplayer , so this one , with its improvement , will be much better . all in all , the developer have make a game with the same addictive attribute of Halo , but with much more replayability , mass multiplayer option , and enough improvement to fill a football stadium . all of the other fpss I have will have to take a backseat to this . there be just nothing that can compete .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be pretty fun , and can get pretty hard sometimes , send you in multiple direction to try to help the civilian with they ill .
Video_Games	POS	5	mario kart racing be a lot of fun . we child 's dentist have this in he office wait room and we just have to buy it for ourselves at home . both of my boy , 12 and 5 , like to race each other . my husband even get in on the game . I have not be able to squeeze in a session between the three of they .
Video_Games	NEU	3	d can play gameboy game so why would you want to buy a system that dosent play previous gameboy game ? Dont buy it get a ds or psp . Nintendo be desperate .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the game have mindless violence with very little fear factor in it . better off play other game . the story could have be better .
Video_Games	NEG	2	it be amazing to I that when the original Pac-Man come out in the early eighty . it be house in a eight-foot tall console . now that original game can be hold in you hand with three other variation .  anyway , unless you be already a fan of the game , I would not bother . to make the character large enough to be easily recognizable , they have to scroll the rest of the board , which make strategy very difficult .  in addition , the Tetris knockoff they include be just that ... a knockoff , and next to worthless .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a brilliant fusion sophisticated simming , and simple engineering . the ability to build roller coaster be easy to learn , and the level increase in challenge as the player skill grow . hold together by a arcade style level structure , where after complete one challenge the player enter he or she name complete with score , this game can consume more hour then most of the world . put both arm up , and get ready to scream , this be the best sim game ... ever .
Video_Games	POS	5	good game , online be very good . the image quality be excellent . and it be fun online . I recommend it widely . I play here in Venezuela with my friend online and have a great time playing .
Video_Games	POS	5	Mario Kart d be such a good game . the graphic seem to be almost the same as the gamecube Mario Kart double dash . it even have 16 retro stage from the previous Mario Kart Games . there be also 16 new nitro cup stage . the character do not have special item as they do in dd , but it do not affect the overall gameplay . the sound be just as good . there be some new character and many new kart . the wifus be the newest thing . if you have a wireless router , you can play through that . if not , you can order a nintendo wifus adapter -lrb- it can only be purchase directly from nintendo . -rrb- you still need a computer though . this game have great replay value since you can always try to beat you best time in time trial mode . master of Mario Kart or new player will definetly enjoy this game . overall I give it a 10 out of 10 .
Video_Games	POS	5	if youre look for a classic turn base RPG , then this game should be up you alley . slow at first , but almost all be . very open end in term of side quest , and the side quest be important , only quest and story mission earn you money . no excessive grind need as well so far either . all in all , if you own a psp , and like rpg 's , then you 'll like this game
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be a long await title , the game start easy but then when you pass it the second time in the middle of world six time it get extremely hard , especially when you use luiguus .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I receive this game as a gift and find it to be time consuming but not that great . First off , you have to go back to board you have already be to like a hundred time , which really eat my patience ... secondly it be a bit vague as to which way i be suppose to go and how to get there . it be ok if you like a loooonnng game , but i be more of the super mario brother type ...
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game could be a lot of fun . instead of improve upon Arkham city like they logically should , they feed you a promise of a `` sandbox '' Batman . Sandbox mean that the first portion of the game be `` go in here to this room where youll be lock in with 20 thug with no option of how to fight other than straight brawling . now that do , go to another new room and be lock in to brawl again '' . its not till about % 25 through the story that you be free to hunt criminal the way you could in Arkham city . the catwoman story must be download , it be not include on the disk even though its a part of the story . they can not be bother to provide a manual , amd the game start you as catwoman -lrb- if you download it -rrb- lock in a room with thug that you must now brawl . if you hav not play Arkham city , good luck learn to play in the midst of a mass melee . the major problem be the game constantly delete game save . I have have my game play erase twice in 2 week . I be very carfull to wait for the system to save , I then back out to the menue and log off the system . still lose my file . one be at % 50 completion , the 2nd at % 75 completion . I can not wait to start the game all over , again , so I can be lock in a room with 20 thug at a time and button mash before I get to the greatness that be Arkham city . oh wait , maybe I will not . the WB and Rocksteady should be ashamed of themselves for this . in my opion the company have a obligation to ensure that the product they sell work as it should . this alone make I wish there be a zero star rating .
Video_Games	POS	4	I get this off steam during a 75 % off sale . it be 10 buck down from 40 so I figure why not . I have never hear of the game so I be not expect much . Gameplay : excellent mechanic , similar in this respect to God of War , Prototype , and Onimusha . however it feel less repetitive than Prototype , not that it actually be less repetitive but I find I do not grow bore as quickly as Prototype . on pc this game be a port from console . overall the port be good , but no third-person console port will ever control as well on a mouse and keyboard when the game be design with a gamepad in mind . I go out and get a xbox360 controller . this basically nullify the issue with it be a port . controller be easy to set up and the game run great with it . so for game like this on a pc just bite the bullet and buy yourself a gamepad . do not worry , the mouse and keyboard will still be superior on FPS 's for a while still . graphic and artwork : texture be fairly low resolution , and the engine be base on age technology `` dx9 '' it be not bad for what it be , but it be definitely limit by it be Console origin . the artwork be excellent . a big congrat to the modeler , sculptor , texture artist and particularly the Art Director `` whoever that may be . '' the overall design be very cohesive . there be nothing outstandingly original here , the heavy body and armor thing have be do to death ever since Gears of war and quake , and the over size buster sword have be abuse for well over a decade . however , I find it all integrate well into the game and it be not distract `` I find the heavy armor in Gears of war distract . '' modeling and character design be top notch , I would love to see what this team could do with a cut edge engine and some tesselation . Story : should we even bother talk about this ? totally derivative . however the voice act and animation be excellent for a video game . Story segment fit seemlessly between sections\/levels and despite how contrived of a story it be , I find I enjoy it . I give this 4 out of 5 star . I actually think it be more of a 3.5 but 3 be definitely too low . this team put out a original title and succeed in entertaining I . I look forward to the future of this series and hopefully we 'll see some more originality , push of technology boundary , and attention to story next time around . I definitely reccommend but 40 be a little steep .
Video_Games	POS	5	isnt it kinda wierd that the graphic be better than on ps2 yeah i think so it be a great game read a 5 star review it be probably about all i ahve to say
Video_Games	POS	5	it work as advertise . I wish that it would either charge faster or hold the charge longer but , after you figure out the battery life you 'll know when you have to charge it . I also would have like a longer usb cord so I could just keep the battery pack in the wius fit .
Video_Games	NEG	2	imagine , if you will , that you be run a marathon . imagine that you have spend year training for that day , put you heart and soul and energy into it . now , imagine that the day of the marathon , you loved one be there cheer you on . that feeling of joy and pride wash over you as you take off , every mile pump you adrenaline , force you to go on . and you feel good . no. . . you feel satisfied ! finally , the end be in sight ! the finish line be just on the horizon ! you push and you run . it get closer and closer . you be now ten yard away ! finally , the feeling of accomplishment you will feel when you cross that line will finally come ! and then , at the very last minute , someone leap from the crowd and cripple both you kneecap with a softball bat ... that be what the experience of mass effect 3 be . until the very last moment , the game seem nearly perfect . the atmosphere , gameplay , and story seem to be everything we have be wait for in order to complete Commander Shepard 's story . but then , you hit the last ten minute and it be a slap in the face . after you watch the final -lrb- nonsensical -rrb- cutscene , you feel as if you have be betray and from that point on , the game no longer have any replay value whatsoever . I love mass effect 3 but now all that stick out in my mind be that terrible end . it be difficult to say anything else that have not already be say . when the game be good , it be great and then it pull the chair out from under you at the very last minute .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I really look at these ` activity center ' software package for my kid . unfortunately there be not much to go on with this one . the graphic be nice , but the activity get old after about 20 minute . my 6 year old plow thru this and get tire of it after 30 minute ! this be one of those software program that you be better off wait to buy it when its in the discount rack .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I pick this up instead of the new medal of honor . the guy at Gamestop say it blow away mw2 and the new MOH . oh how wrong be he . First off , I be a very big campaign player . I play online sometimes when I get bore , but mostly I be into the campaign . mw2 's story line be far better than this one , yeah the campaign be cool and have its twist and turn but it be sub par in my opinion . I have see much better . graphic be good , but not great , a couple new weapon and feature be add that help out some . I be not go to spoil anything in the story for those of you who want to try it . online play be typical COD , more like WAW than MW though . it really would have be nice to see they do something longer and stop concentrate so much on the online ply . i understand that be where the money be at , but some people like both world . the only nice addition be the extra zombie game option , but its just like World at War game play wise so if you have WAW , save you money . instead of spending so much money on advertising this game with Kobe and Jimmy , they should have put it into the game . I can not believe I buy this . I be head to Gamestop now to trade in this so call great first person shooter . long story short , I should have buy medal of honor .
Video_Games	POS	5	its fast , reliable , and very quick ! I be use my point within a minute of my purchase ! all you have to do be buy the point , type in the code once you get it -lrb- you will get it . -rrb- , and TADA !
Video_Games	POS	5	well , my freind have the 2nd cd-rom and i think it be great but this one be top all other cd . this game stimulate the mind while you think you be have fun and not really know that you be learn to de-code and problem solve a life skill . now here be the fun stuff , it have eerie music to keep you on you toe , suspect , the innocent one , the crime they commit but be not in you own case . please i would rate this a ten but there be not enough star so boo hoo and I think that someone really like snoop would get they be joy out of this because there be more than just snoop there be people who try to strangle you and -lcb- Game Tip -rcb- dont ask one to many question they could get on to you so keep it not too wordy ... and look for clue in task you may be ask and when you magnifying glass light up you can click on something so just scan over every tid bit of everything , and this be more than you need to hear !! I love it , I recommend it 100 % , and that you dont need to play the game in order like 1-4 because they just might only use name from other game not they crime . I love it it be the best i be out of word i have say it all . I would encourage you to write a reveiw tell you own feeling about this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	i never really play it when it originally come out , because i be to young , but now that i have it , im glad i do . this be why nintendo make remake so people like I can play the game we miss out on
Video_Games	POS	4	its great ! but the driver send with it be crap . mine didnt have any lead light on it like other do . install be horrible but it be actually the controller i be use ?? go figure . i dont know why it didnt work with it . thankfully after screw with it and struggle for hour , i switch out the controller and it work great . it deserve a five , but for some reason my emotion make I give it a 4 . call it a gut instinct .
Video_Games	NEG	2	First off , my computer be three year old . it be a reasonably high end computer in its day as well . but this release be also three year old , so it \* should \* run fine . it do not . it crash often . unless I turn all the graphic way down it run verry slowly . in contrast , Unreal Tournament 2004 with its flashy graphic and sound run fine on my computer . the level design be not great , but the enemy aus be worse . sometimes you can shoot a line of baddy one at a time with a sniper rifle and they will not budge . Stay away from MicroSoft if you can .
Video_Games	POS	5	I work at a desk in front of a computer all day . when I first begin my job I would notice that my eye be strain alot . after do quite a bit of research on computer glass for a person with 20\/20 vision , I find this company . they be found by the same guy that found Oakley . this be the only company I have come across that specialize in these type of glass . my experience with they have be perfect . they reduce the strain on my eye from the computer as well as the overhead light . at first it be a little bit strange wear glass and have to answer all the question about they but I have grow to love they and recommend they to anyone who be notice soreness or strain on they eye from stare at a computer screen ! you eye be well worth the $ $ when I notice my eye strain I will put they on and my eye instantly relax -lrb- very similar to the way sunglass work outdoors -rrb- , make it easier to focus for longer period of time and increase my productivity .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I puchase this product so that I could download Netflix from Market place . I have trouble with it from day one , and have not be able to resolve the issue . the red light stay on solid and then it go out and its own . my XBOX be not the issue , it work fine with everything else . very disappoint .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be a ton of fun for the whole family . from myself -lrb- 39 -rrb- to my youngest daughter -lrb- 3 -rrb- , we all have a great time play these game . I highly recommn it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	pre order this . get it today at two in the afternoon . it be 7 o ' clock and I cant get it to run . get error message from origin that say that they be experience activation issue !! I wish I could get my money back or at least have a word with whoever think Origin would be a good idea ! no wonder game be be pirate ! this review be not about the game itself , cause I have not BEEN ABLE to play it !!!!! -rrb- it be more on the frustrating experience of pay 59 dollar for something that you wait for so eagerly only to receive and not be able to play it ! Update since I get the game , it have be nothing but issue after issue . first , the intallation , then the bug and not be able to play the multiplayer . the latest issue : the game lag tremendously even in the single player campaign . -lrb- I have a gtx 570 slus setup , pair with a core i5 2500k , 16gb of corsair vengenace ram and a ssd ! -rrb- I have have it and simply decide to delete origin and bf3 from my hdd ! I strongly recommend not to buy this game . march 2nd ,2012 update decide to give it another try . I install it -lrb- same lengthy process , but no problem now -rrb- run the game and everything be sweet ... for a moment . a update be release and guess what ? it do not work again .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a gift for my godson . at first sight be work well . just it do not include game and accessory
Video_Games	POS	4	the picture in this package be fascinating and my 7 year old daughter , who love math , have play this exclusively for the last month . the math be just the right level to provide a doable challenge . it be rather short -lrb- or else we be miss something -rrb- , but my daughter have play it over and over and enjoy as much each time . it do have a level adjustment , but we have not use that yet . -lrb- note : I like this better than Math Blaster 6-7 -rrb- .
Video_Games	NEG	1	it be obvious that Spore be no longer the most wanted game this year . I originally buy Spore for a friend , who incidentally do not have a internet connection , and be unable to even install the game because of it . because of this , I give he another game in exchange for Spore . I should have just refund he , as spore tend to be extremely boring , simplistic , and buggy . the reason that mainstream reviewer be unable to put Spore into any particular genre of game be because Spore 's game play be so simple . this simplicity make Spore feel like a `` Fisher Price : my first Video Game '' more than anything . most stage be mercifully short , until you reach the space phase , where you can fly around in you very own spaceship and rule the galaxy . sound great , do not it ? unfortunately , it be not . in order to get any worthwhile tool or weapon , you need to gain Sporebucks -lrb- the form of currency in spore -rrb- from quest and you fellow alien . this eventually put world of Warcraft 's grind to shame , as you gain little reward and constantly have to defend you neighbor planet from pirate attack and `` ecodistaster '' , which considerably slow you progress . one of Spore 's more tout feature be share you creation with other people , and be the reason spore be sometimes -lrb- incorrectly -rrb- call a `` massively Multiplayer Online Singleplayer Game '' ; this name could not be farther from the truth . call spore a mmosg be like say , `` fighting custom bot in Unreal Tournament count as you fight a real person , even if the skin be purely cosmetic ! a real person make the skin , so it count ! '' as such , put custom creature into spore be just another waste of space , due to the fact that you can not even configure what ship they should get or what they personality should be . it should also be note that there be several aspect of spore that be cut from the game -lrb- but still reside in the game 's code -rrb- . for example , it be possible to see many extra cell part by change you spore shortcut -lrb- the flora editor be still in as well , but be unstable beyond use -rrb- . as nice as extra stuff sound , it be impossible to actually use any of this . Spore also have several glitch that be extremely annoying , such as planet merely appear as gray globe until you enter they . be unable to make backup save file be also a issue , as you will be unable to restore you save should it become corrupt like mine do . Spore 's DRM be also a huge problem , but this be probably cover in the 2000 + negative review . all in all , Spore be a waste of money , computer space , and time . I strongly urge fellow gamer to stay away from this game . I do not see Spore 's expansion pack sell very well . if you absolutely MUST get spore or any expansion pack , I suggest you listen to the pirate .
Video_Games	POS	4	we buy this game for my 4 year old and she love it . we have have it for almost 6 month now and it be still she favorite game . she have play it and finish it almost 5 time now . she have many computer game and like to visit site on the web that have children game but prefer this to any other . the only reason I do not give it 5 star be because she call I to help she with several of the harder part of the game -lrb- throw flower on the lilly pad , and catch flower for Twila -rrb- . I cant tell you how many time I have have to do these , but they only take 5 minute and then she be back to happily play the game . still , its enough of a irritation for I ... so I can only give the game 4 star .
Video_Games	POS	5	definitely a nice collection of the old school sega classic game , all at the palm of you hand . the game selection be great for kill time & not be bore . I highly recommend .
Video_Games	POS	5	order from TOTALCONSOLE . receive the Microsoft brand dongle with driver cd and instruction in a plain white box . again , what I receive be the Microsoft brand dongle , not a third party receiver . it connect to my controller and everything work just fine . exactly what I want .
Video_Games	POS	5	I write a review about this game previously , but I still do not understand why people try to insult the ID software programmer . first thing I want to mention be that people can choose to dislike the game , I can respect that , because different people have different opinion since this be a free country ... brother & sister ... but I do not respect people who be call the game be `` stupid '' or `` waste of money '' etc. ... without a reason and understand the game 's true plot , those comment be not respect the ID programmer or the gamer community that respect id software for many year , people really need to try to think about how to provide invaluable feedback . I know people be always compare rtcw with medal of honor or some other game out in the market , but if you think carefully , ID 's previous title be always about shoot and kill and complete objective and it have be that way for many year ... but RTCW be load with a whole new story that deal with twisted science create by the Axis during WWII , be just like the movie `` Indiana Jones-the lose ark ... & the last crusade '' , something that involve with freaky stuff and twisted science ... . . maybe I be such a old timer to bring out movie like that ... . . and medal of honor 's objective be to `` win the war '' . as I say earlier in my previous review , both game have different plot . well anyway ... its a disappointment for RTCW 's fan to hear that ID decide not to release the expansion pack for rtcw call `` enemy territory '' , they have say the other game developer -lrb- business partner -rrb- in england can not meet the deadline where they be busy with serveral project in they hand , and the title will never be out on the market with a tight schedule like that , but they have mention the multiplayer map for `` enemy territory '' be downloadable as a freeware in they official website . . hmmm . . something to play with while you be wait . I be just like the other id fan ... look forward to see that they can wrap up the title in the near future .
Video_Games	POS	5	Gamecube be very different from xbox and ps2 . the xbox and ps2 play dvd 's and cd 's but the gamecube be base only on the game and the fun in the game . thegamecube have great multyplayer game , in a way the gamecube graphic be not as good as ps2 and xbox but very fun . the system be very easy to get use to , the size of the system be like have a blow up sne but its very nice . the controller be a little hard to use but be sometimes very easy to get use to . the dark black color be enterest it make the gamecube look like a pieceof art . if you have a dvd player trust I you should get a gamecube its very fun to play with you friend and its get a lot of good game like super smash brother melee .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I must say , this game be pretty darn hard . I be 13 yet I have trouble beat minus game . some minus game be very hard , while other be simple . for example , for the frog game if you miss 2 big bug or one small bug , then you can not win . but something like Chuckie Chan be very easy . -lrb- although highly enertain -rrb- I also would like to point out you need to finish puzzle to win gold ticket . Whats so hard ? they give you 1 peice at a time . Whats hard about ? the fact that 1\/3 of the time it be not a end peice . so you have to guess where it go in the middle . after 5 incorrect guess you lose . 1 player be definitly fun though .
Video_Games	NEU	3	as any metal Gear fan will tell you , the story and the way it be tell be just as important as anything in this game . and as the final chapter in solid Snake 's legacy , it function as the wrap up of all aspect of the story leave behind for about 20 year . and that be it be problem . after about 25 hour of sit back and listen to explanation that seem to be push into logic , I be not satisfy with my investment . it seem that the more I advance into the game , the less I play and even know how MGS game play out , I be still surprise at how little time I be get to actually have fun . I will not argue about production value or graphic and sound . this game look and sound above all else on the PS3 . but as a game , as something I would like to interact with and be a active participant in , it just do not fulfill my need .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be amazing , I play it when I be a kid and I love it ! the 3d version be amazing , it blow the n64 's graphic , this enhance version stay true to the original artwork for the Ocarina of Time . the 3d effect be amazingly good , at first I think it would be just a gimmick and would cause my eye to strain , but I find the complete opposite , the 3d be awesome and you eye get use to it .
Video_Games	NEU	3	my kid like the collection of old game best . he only complaint be that there be a lot of the same game in the different collection . have be around to play many of these in the arcade the reproduction look pretty good . Wish they have PSP 's when I be a kid .
Video_Games	NEG	1	that be pretty much it . the game have steam and steam require broadband . I do not know that ... I do not remember the instruction on this site say it require broadband , so I buy it . I do not have broadband . oh well . I have get the other Fallout story ... they do not require anything special . sure would have be nice to know .
Video_Games	POS	4	I 'll be honest upfront . from the beginning , I hate this game . the amount of technical issue be inexcusable . while the art style and color be beautiful , the texture be muddy , screen-tearing abound , and never have I see so many object and texture pop-in in a game . the audio 's volume level seem to be all over the place , with dialog be particularly low , keep I from get much investment in the story -- there be even one point where certain sound-effect and all dialog go completely mute . but most of all , it be not very much fun , as the majority of the gameplay seem to be tedious climbing and get across danger zone fill with object you arbitrarily could or could not climb . but there come a point in the game where this turn around . and I think I can tell you exactly where this point happen : when you leave New York . it might also be argue that it be when you get the Cloud , but I feel that be just the beginning of the change . after this point , the gameplay start to become more and more varied . stunning environment begin to mask technical deficiency -- either that , or the programmer actually improve as the game go on . character interaction become more engrossing . by the end , the game become enjoyable enough to ignore its technical flaw and ho-hum beginning . I get a distinct feeling that the developer have a really grand vision for the game , and while for whatever reason -- whether it be not enough time , money or talent -- it do not live up to that vision , it be still a wonderful ride in its own right , and where that grand vision glimpse out at certain moment of the game , it really shine .
Video_Games	POS	4	load of fun and amazingly realistic if ... you have the hardware . I have a core 2 duo 2.14 mhz , a 7900 graphic card with 512mb of memory , 2gb of 800mhz memory , a fairy high-end motherboard and this simulator run fairly well . it still can not run at highest setting without slow down to a unusable crawl , so do not even bother to order it if you have anything less than the above . this be the only application that ever make I feel my computer be seriously underpowered . but I do not play high-end game , either , I be sure if I do I would have the same experience . so if you have the stuff , go for it . it be great .
Video_Games	POS	4	double dash be a fun racing game , but like its predecessor , it do not really innovate much or last that long , but its still pretty good . graphic be great and framerate be a solid 60 fp . sound be pretty good , and the game can offer a challenge . do not get this game if you plan to play alone . it be no fun . get it only if you have someone to play with on a regular basis . it be a solid racing title overall , and consider that the gc do not really have a lot of they , it be a lot more appealing . but wait for it to go down to $ 20 before purchase . also try f-zero if you want a lot of speed .
Video_Games	POS	5	what I love most about Vice City be its 80 's style , the music , the color , the car be all just a great atmosphere . I still think the graphic hold up well , for 2002 it be amazing . overall , a very fun game , it have beautiful scenery sometimes I just find my self cruise the city at night because the punk light look so nice , a if you a fan of Brian De Palma 's Scarface definately check this out .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get my game for my nephew and he love it . there be so much you can do with the game . Great for summer vacation !
Video_Games	POS	5	excellent product , very good , even today be the best video game console in the world , the graphic be excellent and now with the option to play in motion be more fun and exciting with real movement and accuracy . I recommend it !
Video_Games	POS	4	the jak and Daxter game for the ps2 have always be some of my favorite game and naughty dog rarely let 's they fan down . this be another great game in the series although as you would imagine from the title you play as daxter alone . you be a exterminator and you go around kill different type of bug and nasty . the boss battle be great and well do , the game be enormous consider it be a portable game ! the graphic be ps2 quality . the load time be not that bad , compare to some other PSP title . my favorite level so far be the subway where you have to jump from one train to the other , it be pretty wicked . there be even minigame sprinkle about , when you collect enough precurser orb -lrb- the copper look egg thing -rrb- you can return to Daxter 's bed and he will have a dream sequence ! you play different action hero depend on the dream for example : neo from the matrix , the guy from Braveheart , and other . these be button mashing minus game where you have to press the corresponding button in the order show to hit the bad guy that come at you . the Matrix level be particularly great . the camera be probably do the best they could do on the psp but it be frustrate at time . pick this game up for yourself or the jack and daxter fan in you family ! you will not be disappoint .
Video_Games	NEG	2	-lrb- note : the follow review will be for the female-exile path , as I have not play the male version and do not intend to sit through this game a second time to see how it play out . this also contain SPOILERS . you have be warn . -rrb- the word ` void ' and ` echo ' be use no less than twenty time -lrb- probably more -rrb- throughout this game to describe the new Sith threat . however , it also describe the game as a whole . when I start play this , I be so - enthralled - . I have wait for about half a year to get my hand on the much-anticipated sequel to , IMO , the greatest game in existance . I be play it nearly non-stop since I buy it . now that I have finally make it to the end , I be leave with nothing but a unsatisfied , empty feeling in my gut . Voice Acting : most of the voice be excellent . I have some trouble with a few of they , though . Mandalore 's voice seem to change from talk through a helmet and talk without the helmet a couple of time , despite the fact that he outfit never change . a few of the npc speak so quietly I could not hear a word they say . there be - many - time the word do not match the subtitle . Game play : my computer have the - recommend - component , and it lock up every other time the load screen pop up . there be ton of glitch , and some problem just due to bad programming -lrb- like people stand up or fall down when they be not suppose to in the movie , force shield disappear when you be talk to people who be capture , mouth move when that character be not the one talking , etc -rrb- . on another note , there be hardly - any - direction . in this one , you be pretty much just walk around without a purpose , hope to bump into whatever the heck it be you be look for . character : at first , I would have say that the cast of the second be even better than the first , but I still have a few reservation . I would give up Mira to have Bastila again any day . Kreia be annoying , and it seem no matter what I say , I lose influence with she . hk-47 be - terribly - underused in this one . romance : terrible . although it be great in the beginning , the tension build up and just do not go anywhere . when I first meet Atton , I be think , ` boy ! this guy be - so - much better than Carth . ' but complete lack of conversation make the tension dull a little quick . where in KOTOR , Carth be give Revan the ' I want to be you reason for live ' speech , in KOTOR II around the same place , atton be still skulk in the dark , leering at the exile and bad-mouth the disciple but never confront the issue . the character of the Disciple get farther than Atton do by actually - admit - he feeling for the exile to atton , and it make it hard to believe that - atton - be in fact the female character 's main love interest . it be pathetic , to say the least . Storyline : ous . so it start off very well . I keep playing , get farther through the game and wait for the climax . I be think up conspiracy theory in my head . could atton , or even Sion be a resurrect Malak ? be Kreia secretly Bastila or Revan , either disguise herself with the force , or somehow twist by this new emptiness that plague the galaxy ? with all this talk of echo , be nihilus just a echo of one of the other character , a second living embodiment create by the force ? so many different possibility , so many different way it could go . but eventually , I get to the end , and it go - nowhere - . after 96 or so hour of playing , I be leave with nothing . there be no resolution , no answer . where be Revan ? I do not know . do Atton really deal with he past , and do he love the Exile ? I do not know . what relation do Kreia have with revan , or with the Exile ? I do not know . what be the point of play this entire game ? I just do not know . and now , I be leave with only broken promise , built-up excitement that come crash down on I . there be no satisfying ending , no answer , no nothing . and I refuse to believe that this end be somehow justified simply for the promise of another sequel . KOTOR I have a perfect , satisfying end , and it still leave - plenty - of room for a sequel . whereas I have replay KOTOR three or four time , I can not even bring myself to play the sequel a second time , just to be grossly disappointed again as I reach the end .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be fun for kid 3-8 . it keep they move and it be really easy to play 1 player or with as many child as you have . all you have to do be pass the wiimote to the next player when it be they turn . well worth the money !
Video_Games	NEU	3	my kid lose interest in this after the first day and I think that speak volume as they only have 2 other game . I recall my 4 year old daughter scream -lrb- in a most annoying pitch -rrb- because she could only play with the pet my then 6 year old son son make while he be play -- she want to play with she pet at the same time . I shut it off to prevent the feud I feel brewing and they have not ask for it since . they do love to play together just Dance Kids 2 . I recommend that game highly if you have music lover in you family .
Video_Games	NEG	2	my wife and I be fan of the original Animal crossing on the gc . we be so hooked on that game ! lol Well she and I purchase the d version a few day ago . she and I be hook on that one too ! lol I have log a good 15 hr so far in just a few day on it . and my wife have a good number of hour log herself . = -rrb- if you enjoy the gc version , you will definitely love this one too . and for we adult out there , do not be afraid to play this game . sure it look kiddie but man it be fun ! lol but as one guy say , the fun do wear off as time go on . but believe I , you do get load of enjoyment out of this title . I love the fact that there be many more species of life in the d version , namely the saltwater fish . I catch a shark yesterday and it be too cool ! I do see where the gc version be better than it be d counterpart but that be no real biggie b\/c it be still a blast for item collector . there be once again so many thing to collect and catch and such . the one thing in this game that really tick I off be that I find out that I can not get Tom Nook 's Nookington 's with the barber shop in it due to the fact that I be not connect with wi-fus and such and I only have one d as well . I also only have a dial-up connection in my home . so it appear that the main store with the barber shop be off-limits for my wife and i. that be really really so irritating to I . hence the 2 star overall rating . to I this be unforgiveable since the gc version I have no trouble get the department store all by myself with my one copy of ac . Nintendo should have throw in another way to get Nookington 's for those like I out there in the gaming world . but to sum up this title , if you be ok with a `` cutesy '' game with a addictive collect theme , then pick this one up . it be nearly as fun as the gc version and worth a look .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I would like to start off by say the controller work great . the button area a but stiff at first , but they wear down with use . other than that , I have no problem with the controller itself . as a plug and play , it be perfect . the problem lie in the software -lrb- include in the package on a minidisk -rrb- . accord to Norton Security , the driver include a virus title Infostealer . lineage . the description be as follow : `` Infostealer . lineage be a Trojan horse that attempt to steal the password to the `` lineage '' online game and send it to the creator of the Trojan . '' consider this be a keylogger virus , I would not suggest download the driver anytime soon . when I contact the seller , they say that they contact the manufacture then offer to send I fix software . I refuse , but I do not really need rumble ... basically , if you be buy the controller for rumble , do not . not unless you want to go through what I do . if you be buy it just for the controller -lrb- without rumble -rrb- then do so . just make sure not to install the driver .
Video_Games	POS	5	I just want to let any true gamer know that Halo be a must buy . multi-player rock and there be hundred of thing you can do . in other word . get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I love MADDEN NFL 07 . it have the best graphic I have ever see . when I play it , I could not put it down . the superstar hall of fame be pretty stupid though . the two minute drill be awesome ! I play the PACKERS v.s. the 49r . it work with 64 bit just in case .
Video_Games	POS	4	I think this game 's strongpoint may be the multiplayer play but the single player campaign be just better-than-average . I be not into the multiplayer thing so it would have be better if I buy this one use . it be a good , fun , game but I be hope for something epic , like Halo or Gears of War level epic . the second to the last level , the Jackal mission , be very cool with non-stop action in every direction ... I think as I play that level `` yeah ! here we go , this game be rock now ! '' 3 or 4 more intense level like that and I would have give the game a 5-star rating but the game end on the next level which be not too difficult after you be give the BFG . also , it seem like the game give you a lot of weapon that you have little to no use for . I could pretty much get through the whole game with the combat shotgun , sniper rifle , and machinegun without any trouble . and once you have the ability to make pop rocket round for the shotgun I could obliterate anything on a level with that gun alone . Wingsticks , crossbow , assault rifle , pistol , grenade , you do not really need they if you have enough ammo for the other gun . Albeit , all of this be on the normal level . I will give the game a go on hard difficulty and it will hopefully it will require more utilization of the other weapon . this game really do have the Bethesda touch to it . if you have play Fallout you will know what I mean . I kind of do not like some of they method for story-telling because it get tedious and feel overly-formatted . like this ... walk up to character , talk to character , accept quest , perform quest , return to character , receive reward . the option screen that allow you to accept or decline a quest be pointless ... you always accept the quest and can complete it or not , too decline it be just dumb . that stupid option screen lend to the formulaic feel of the game quest and it would be much better off without it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be expect this game to be too easy , just for the littlest of kid but my boyfriend and I could not stop play . it be a engaging mystery with challenging minus game . the art design and character be well do and make the game all the better . visual and story aside , the game format be brilliant for family and single player . this game do not get the attention it deserve . probably because most anything Disney Interactive make be not usually that good , but they produce they best game here . I hope this game do well enough to make another because I want more mystery game of this caliber .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be awesome and if I would have actually pay full price for it ... it still would have be underprice in my opinion . obviously this be one of those game that if you not into rpg 's you might not like it , but at the same time if you simply new to RPG 's and enjoy fp ' then this be a great game for you to get start with . story : without spoil anything I will just say this . the story be well write and play out very nicely . also the freedom to sort of `` direct '' you conversation and certain action that you take make the replay value of this game fairly high . you can pursue a romantic interest with ally or keep it all professional . you have the chance to win over the loyalty of you teammate but you can fail and some of the situation 's that involve gain ally `` loyalty '' may cause you player reputation to look bad , but you have full control over the path you take . Gameplay : it may take some get use to , but it be very easy to learn the control . the player movement be pretty smooth imo and the aus -lrb- you ally -rrb- do a pretty decent job during combat situation . -lrb- some character be better than other but the longer the game go on the more ally you get to choose from -rrb- . overall I give this game a 4\/5 -lrb- really a 4.5 -rrb- instead of a 5 only because the character interaction get a little repetitive after a while . -lrb- during the game while not on a mission you can go talk to various character , but most usually repeat the same thing over and over again until you have complete certain mission -rrb- . would recommend this game to everyone who enjoy a good shooter and the fact that it be RPG make it better since the storyline be so extensive .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a cool game I be really enjoy it . the graphic be very good . it be a lot of fun I like aim and shoot game , and this be great .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Skyrim be basically just like oblivion , if not only because after 50 hour thing get really boring . sure , there be still `` thing to do '' but they be only that -- chore . that say , I do not find it be as fun as oblivion or Fallout 3 . this be because all those game appear on the same console . oblivion come after Morrwind , which be a console generation away , and for that reason its newness compound with the nature of the game and give we great fun , for awhile . now , 6 year later , we be rather desensitize to the technology that make oblivion possible and so skyrim feel like 'd eja vu ' . there be also the fact that the whole lotr mystique have dissappear , which help Morrowind and Oblivion gain they popularity . some of we just grow up . I simply could not help but judge this game to be a fetch-fest . now , if you have never play a Elder Scrolls then I can understand why you would give it 5 star , since this be basically oblivion with a facelift . the graphic be outstanding on the PS3 but the main problem , as everyone know , be the lag . I will not comment any further other than to acknowledge that on PS3 it be persistant after you save file cross the 5 mb threshold and that I have have 4 hard crash , even after the 1.2 patch . in 2006 I be mildly intrigue by oblivion 's story , partly because I be younger but for some reason Skyrim 's seem glib . I be older now but even so the game 's narrative lack any cohesion . the dragon be a anti-climax and that be crucial since the whole story revolve around they . they be not as mysterious as Mehrunes Dagon and seem rather anomalous . there be also no reason to believe they can destroy world when they themselves can be destroy by a few spell or iron arrow . all of oblivion 's deficiency remain . the in-game juridicial system be garbage . pick up a loaf of bread and you will die or get on the wrong horse and die . there be only a handful of class and the best become wear out because of how easy it be to spam smithe with iron dagger . once again there be a entire sub-class know as bandit who just happen to be in place and attack you on sight . never mind that a economy exist in Skyrim and that there be animal everywhere , and thus food and clothing . there be bandit leader and what not , all of which feel thoroughly date . the combat be just as poor as in oblivion . the finishing-move be script and become redundant after only a few hour . the player swing a axe or sword with the same move . good thing be that arrow actually work now . the substance of all the story depend on read journal or book . I find it absolutely impossible to read anything in a videogame , and so this part really fail . good news be that the race look better . the bad be that they do not really matter . I choose to be a high Elf but this have absolutely no bearing on my relation with the Thalmor . they treat I as if I be a Nord . the Nords notice this if you help they but its still meaningless as they suddenly forget you be a elf but still curse elf in general . the Thalmor call I a ` foreigner ' and yet they only recently arrive in Skyrim , home of the Nords . make no sense whatsoever . the same apply to Vampires . I be a vampire and would be instantly attack by other vampire as I roam the tundra , even though these vampire who attack I be get along fine with each other . there be cave fill entirely with vampire , all of whom be have a good time , yet whenever I show up they all gang up on I . this be part of the reason why Elder Scroll game be consider by some critic to be extremely shallow , and frankly they be shallow . read my Fallout 3 review to see my own take on this . the world of Skyrim look fantastic , but it be so big that , as everyone say , the game bog down on PS3 due to its divide memory pool . after you explore enough tomb , you will find that the Dragur be sorely mundane . yet that be also true of the skeleton and what not in oblivion . ultimately , the worse thing be that , due to the story , Skyrim be even more de-centralized than oblivion so that the purpose of the game be `` do stuff '' . if you be a vampire then this be go to get old fast since you 'll have to feed so as to not kill everyone . heck , vampire really have no advantage in this game other than frost resistance . what be worse be that they be be not as many guild or organization as in Oblivion , so the fetch-quest you have to busy yourself with be even more scatter , anomalous and ultimately meaningless . EDIT 1\/23\/2012 I forget to mention something . the old leveling system of Morrowind and Oblivion have be abolish . this both break with tradition and decrease the ceiling of whatever ` skill ' you wish to augment , all of which be trade for a freeder and more moderate manner of leveling . in other word , specialization be go at the expense of rapid increase in skill per level . also , in Skyrim Bethesda have absolutely neutered Magic . one of the thing I enjoy in oblivion be the sheer amount of variability in ` Magic ' . all of that be go in Skyrim and it have be replace with ` spell tome ' where you just open a book and learn a spell . Whats more be that these thing be often sell at exorbitant price . sorely disappointing .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game have mad system requirement . when I buy it , I have to upgrade my video card so that it would support Shader 3.0 -lrb- the game doesnt look that fine trust I , it would have run on 2.0 perfectly , developer be just alienate 2.0 user -rrb- . anyway , after upgrade to a really expensive video card , I have great expectation , I mean , a game that have 3.0 shader as a minimum system requirement have to look awesome right ? well no , it look exactly like any other game I ever play on my 2.0 Shader card . on top of that , the game be buggy as hell and really boring when compare with the other Splinter cell Titles . my final recommendation ? get those bill you be go to use to pay for it and burn they , much more fun in that than this stupid game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	a botched release and bad graphic . hold out for the release of rb 3 . the guitar : Power Gig advertise that you can `` rock it real '' but in all honesty , the only thing real about this game be the guitar string . the guitar be small and the fret be too far spread out . save you fingertip and stick with the traditional rb\/guitar hero axis . this game in no way let 's you `` Rock it real '' unless you be not actually play the game . at best you have a small out of tune low quality guitar . Gameplay : this would be a cool game if it be 2006 . the graphic be inferior to the other big dog on the market . most screen shot be from a far so you can not focus on how bad the character graphic be . the guitar guy do a little spin every once and a while but that be about as exciting as it get . the game do not even offer the ability to design character and the storyline of `` clan '' be just plain odd . in order to unlock some of the headlining artist , you have to complete the first major part of the storyline . the graphic be just plain lazy . if you be play by yourself -lrb- let 's not even mention the fact that there be no bass in this game -rrb- the gameplay screen do not even shift to the center of the screen . overall , I be bummed because the one thing Power Gig do offer be a good collection of artist . hopefully they 'll release they song to a more reputable developer . Power Gig will soon be line the clearance shelf next to rock Revolution . if you find yourself want the play the song pg offer , save you money and wait for they on DLC .
Video_Games	POS	4	BASICALLY , thie xbox be really quiet only if you be not play game , if you be just changge you setting or set up thing that be no disk inside , you can barely hear the fan , but once you put the disk in it ! OMG ... freak loud , i think i be the only one , but actually no , my other 3 friend who have the halo version , 250 hd version , all have the same problem , and you have to put this xbox horizontally which i stronlgy recommend , because the fan on the right side of the xbox be HOT as f \*\* K. when you be play over half hour , after test 3 popular game -lrb- mw2 , gta iv , FORZA 3 -rrb- , they all make my xbox like burn ! first time i finish playing , i be reach to the right cover and want to see what Microsoft have improve on heating , i almost burn my hand ! -lrb- i play 3 hr though -rrb- i be just suprise that the plastic cover do not melt !!!
Video_Games	NEU	3	the Wii controller and nunchuck combo be more than what I expect . excellent condition and a awesome price . will defenitely order from buyer and reccommend the site to other .
Video_Games	POS	5	Flight simulator 2004 its great . . so much fun and educative , this f 2004 run great on my vaio laptop with the logitech attack 3 joystick that I also buy for it , which I highly reccomend it for this purpose . . I have be use f since 12 or 13 year ago . . I remember my brother teaching I some very helpful basics lesson about navigation and all that stuff since he be a private pilot . . this 2004 f have lot of improvement from the 98 f . . its more of what I expect . . I which they have include the airbus 340 but its ok . . b777 and 747 be very challen . . you will have a lot of fun and a lot of learn from this software . . 5 star for f 2004 , and great service from amazon too . .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy a extra controller so we could play multiplayer game on we PS3 . I be amaze at how well these work . they be easy to charge , hold a charge for a long time , and never have connection problem . this be much different that the experience I have with 3rd party wireless controller for we ps2 . I think Sony have this figure out .
Video_Games	POS	5	rarely do a video game controller come into the scene and actually stand out . over the year controller design have matter as much as the game themselves - I mean , it be how you control the game anyway , right ? handle the most basic layout of the ne to the often-ridiculed n64 pitchfork controller , gamer have play for hour and hour with these device learn the feel of the controller until they become like a extension of they finger . designer will shape and reshape controller until they have find something that do not stand in the way of you and the game , and this time , I think they nail it : the 2010 Xbox 360 wireless silver special edition . the first thing that jump at you be the color -lrb- or lack thereof -rrb- : silver . it look like steel , not black or white plastic , which automatically make it appear classier . the button be no longer yellow , blue , green and red , but instead replace with a grayscale . a glossy black band wrap the edge of the controller along with the shoulder and trigger button , make the face of the unit pop out visually . the lack of any grommet on the raise portion of the face where the two analog stick and d-pad emerge make it look even more like stainless steel , and give it a impenetrable feel . the weight be heavier than the original model , which make the rumble and shake more explosive . the size and layout remain the same , which be perfect to begin with - Microsoft do not fix what be not break . what wa break on the original , however , be the directional pad . it feel like the designer leave that part until the very end of the design and then be rush to get a finish product , so the one-piece disc that become the d-pad suffer in look and functionality . with that be say , here come the best part of the re-vamped version . the d-pad on the 2010 silver model be a completely new design for all controller . it be actually two piece and it have two mode : recess and pronounce . the recess mode highly resemble the feel of the original d-pad while maintain the responsiveness -lrb- which , by the way , be astounding -rrb- of the new model . my favorite mode though be its pronounced mode , which you get by actually twist the cross on the d-pad and rotate it clockwise . by do this , the circular edge of the d-pad drop down inside the controller opening make the cross pop out , give you better control of up , down , leave and right without accidentally move in the corner of those direction and get something totally different in-game than you be go for . any game that require moderate use of the d-pad will play better with this control feature . it be also chromed-out just like the dashboard button , which just look badass . the thumbstick also feel better , with slightly less resistance which make for smoother movement , and the little nub on the thumb be go . the Start and Select button be darker and gloss over just like the y , b , x , and a button , and as mention earlier the shoulder and trigger button be slick in glossy black . one of my favorite finishing touch on this controller be the engrave on the top of the controller . set inside the glossy black band , you would have to look twice to catch that it do not say `` Microsoft '' anymore , but rather the much more hip `` XBOX 360 '' . everyone know what company make Xbox , so we do not need to see such a brand stamp on the controller that suck we back into reality before we even play the game . I would rather see my controller brand with a 360 logo , because it stand for what you be currently do : play video game , as oppose to the word `` Microsoft '' which be most associate with computer and tech like that . when I hear the company name I think about reality , but when I hear the product name I think about fun game . it be a simple but incredibly strong improvement . the fact that this controller come bundle with a rechargeable battery and a charge cable all for the price of a new game make it a deal that any xbox 360 lover can not pass up . if you do not believe I , take a look at the photo in this album . it be the James Bond of video game controller .
Video_Games	POS	5	we recently get the Wii sport package game that come with one controller . after play and share for awhile we decide to buy another controller so each of we would have one . this really add to the fun . only danger in tennis be to keep from batting you opponent as you take you swing .
Video_Games	POS	5	Bethesda be notorious for well make open world game , though there be some bug ; the few I have run across be minor and not game breaking . buy skyrim , kiss you family goodbye and enter skyrim ...
Video_Games	POS	5	i buy this game pretty much out of impulse , and read the review on here and other gaming sight , and i gotta say it be worth it . its a very challenging game , with amazing graphic , intelligent AI , and a great storyline . im very much a Halo guy , and i find myself play this more often now . this be one of those gotta-have-it game . worth every penny
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be very excite to try out this new game because I love Zumba class ! they do not always fit into my schedule , though , so I think I would give this a try so that I could dance when I have time . this game be not fun at all . normally , at least in the class I have be to , instructor try to incorporate some modern music into the dance session . this have only that moroccan style music mix in with some variation of a couple basic salsa move . I have a very difficult time get motivate by the game and end up just quit because it be so boring . what I be get at here , be spend you money go to a real Zumba class or buy a dance workout on dvd . this be not worth the price !!
Video_Games	POS	4	the maker of this game go about it a little differently on this one , therefore make for a less predictable and more enjoyable game experience . there be still some repetitive task you must complete to finish the game , but the add element make it feel not so bad . I be gonna give this one a huge thumb up . definitely worth the play for fan of this genre . the end be kinda weird , but kool still .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be 59 year old and have be use computer extensively for over 35 year . I buy the PS3 to play br disc and to watch Netflix . the PS3 user interface be horrible . I have to guess and use trial & error to try to use the unit . most all older Americans will never be able to use it . I be recommend to my friend to get a PS3 for Netflix . now I do not . the password hassle , update screw up , the Sony store want all we personal information before we can even use the unit be just too much of a waste of time . I go to the Sony website to get more operating instruction . you know the instruction be poor if after they , they still have a list of `` hint '' to try to help you complete a seemingly easy task . I think the PS3 be probably a good machine , but DOS be easier to use . rewrite the user interface , or add a additional new one , if you want to ever gain more market share .
Video_Games	POS	5	wht do we wait so long !!! Great family fun !! more fun together now ! Easy to set up . Controls be easy to understand . give you alot of `` practice '' before start game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	do not waste you money on this bomb . ea do it once again . lack of control , can not understand anything be say , no story line and after two day I have have enough of the garbage ea send this way . never will buy another ea game . should have spend advertise money on make this game work .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy the hard copy version -lrb- with the cd and case and whatnot -rrb- and I be still force to download the game through Origin and that be after a hour of customer support try to figure out why . so now I be stare at 2 perfectly good and useless cd -lrb- with about 8 gig of info on they -rrb- while -lrb- accord to origin -rrb- it will take 9 hour for the download to complete and then I be not even sure if I can run it . such a disappointment . this game be start on such a lousy note that I be not even sure I be look forward to play it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I love this game , it be much more forgiving to newby than the d version and also have the super hard level for the `` expert '' . . with this game and Mario Kart 7 I feel that i have get my money worth out of the 3d . any additional game be now just gravy !
Video_Games	POS	5	this be one of the best game I have ever play . if you play the first Kingdom Hearts and think that be fun , wait until you play this one . it be amazing . the storyline be wonderful and keep you wonder how everything happen . the game start off slow and make you think the first one be better , but once you get pass the begin it get so much more fun than the first one . I definitely recommend play this .
Video_Games	POS	5	let I start by say that I be a avid rpg player , in fact it be nearly the only genre of game that I play . by far my favorite sub-genre for rpg be turn-based one . since these be dead on the home console , I jump at the one that still make they way onto the handheld system . enter xseed 's localization of Trails in the Sky , a jrpg develop by Falcom originally for the pc . the first thing many psp rpg gamer will ask be : why would I buy another Legend of Heroes game when the first three suck so bad ? well here be three reason : 1 -rrb- the game be localized by xseed , not Namco Bandai . xseed have do a truly fantastic job of translate this game , something Namco fail miserably at . 2 -rrb- xseed do not fool around with the game play , something Namco also do with the original trilogy . 3 -rrb- this be the first game of a trilogy , and the story contain in this game have absolutely nothing to do with the other three localized by Namco . Namco also release the last trilogy out of order -lrb- they obviously do not care about the game at all ... -rrb- and xseed be release this trilogy in the proper order ; -rrb- Story -lrb- spoiler free -rrb- : so let talk about the game . First and foremost this game be heavily story base , and be not voice act . if you do not like to read a lot of text for story advancement turn away now . the main purpose that I play rpg be for they story , and trail in the Sky deliver . it have be a long time since I have be this hook on a rpg story that once I pick the game up I do not put it down until I have too -lrb- food or sleep -rrb- . so far I be a little over 20 hour into the game and just start chapter 2 -lrb- there be 4 chapter plus the prologue -rrb- . Gameplay be estimate at 50 hour so you 'll certainly get you money worth . I be very impressed with this story and I can not give enough thanks to Xseed for spend so much time do a good translation ! the story do contain some of the jprg cliche but it be not drip with they like some game . I find the interaction amongst the character to be humorous and enjoyable to read . not a single character I have come across yet -lrb- 4 of the 8 -rrb- have cause I to be annoyed and hate they . typically in jrpg there will always be a ultra annoying emo boy and girl that I hate immediately , not so here . this game be part of a trilogy , and like some other rpg you will be able to import you save game into the next game of the series . the game also have a new game + feature where nearly everything be carry over if you wish to play through the game again and try to get any Bracer Points you miss , or hide item . Gameplay : most of the area in the game be at 3rd person overhead view , with the camera rotatable by 360 degree . in some area , notably indoor area the camera will be fix . the game story be linear , however you do have some freedom and plenty of opportunity for exploration . there be place you can visit and explore for good loot that be not party of the story , and will be miss if you do not take advantage of it before the story take you onto different region . for combat people should be happy to know that there be no random encounter ! you can see all random enemy before you engage they . there have be plenty of variety in the enemy you fight , along with several that require different strategy to kill . combat be turn-based , and unlike most turn-based game you can move you character around on the battle field . you may at first think that sound similar to a srpg , but it be really not . you can either move and attack , just move , start cast a spell , use a special attack , use a item , or flee . several spells\/special attack will have area of effect which be show the screen so you 'll know if you can hit multiple enemy . turn order be display on the screen , and randomly up come turn will have bonus assign to they -lrb- 100 % critical , heal some health\/ep\/cp , increase strength , etc -rrb- . it be in you best interest to manipulate the turn-order to gain those bonus . needless to say there be plenty of room for tactic here , but the over all combat system be very easy to understand . you will not be overload with option . Sound & Graphics : these two category be the lowest in importance to I . that say , I do not have any issue with either . the graphic look good , the text be all perfectly readable , no issue with frame rate or sound stuttering , none of the music annoy I . in combat you character will say thing for some attack -lrb- battle voice -rrb- . I really do not have much to say on this aspect of the game . conclusion -lrb- tldr -rrb- : this be a excellent jrpg that exceed all of my expectation for the game . the story be excellent , the translation be top notch , the character be all likeable , the combat system be enjoyable , and I be happy with the sound and graphic . trail in the Sky , you get 5 star from I ! update -lrb- 7\/26\/2011 -rrb- : I have since complete the entire game , along with all quest . total play time be 51 hour . that time be with very , very little grind of any kind . I do a little at the start of the game -lrb- maybe a hour or two -rrb- but none after that . my opinion of the game have not change either . I still feel like this be a excellent game and I will definitely be buy the sequel when it arrive . the game of course end on a cliff hanger -lrb- it be a three part game I believe -rrb- and I actually be slightly surprise by the plot twist .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a very fun game . I do not mind get the old guitar in the super bundle . setup be easy and the setlist be great . overall this be a very good game , and I be able to get a good deal on it during the holiday .
Video_Games	NEG	2	try play the game and the first time it start but could not figure out how to play it . a few day later try it again and Steam refuse to work . no help from game maker . I will try one more time and see what happen if not will have to figure out how to sell it .
Video_Games	NEG	2	while use the Sharpshooter with Killzone 3 my on-screen reticle track right for no apparent reason . exchange for another just to have the same issue . require constant re-calibration to be playable -lrb- every time the action die down -rrb- . look for a `` fix '' version from sony soon . move wand play flawlessly by itself .
Video_Games	POS	4	my 6 year old daughter enjoy this game . both she 4 year old sister and she 78 year old grandmother have play it . they have fun with it and it teach they step by step how to draw different thing .
Video_Games	NEG	1	as long as I have to install origin this game will never enter my pc . over 50 $ for buy ea spyware - this be a bit of a stretch . Watch out for the other review and get a idea , what datum origin gather in detail ... tax return file , photo , messenger program . no way !
Video_Games	POS	5	like final Fantasy ? or Disney ? or maybe both ? let I tell you that if you like one or both of these thing than buy the game . its not kiddish in any way since people think since its Disney its childish . wrong . seriously I enjoy this game so much that i have to be tear away from the screen to eat something = d if you like RPG 's like I do you will love this game . I find myself want to play more just to see what would happen next and I be die to see Riku again . however , it be all worth it when i finally get to see he towards the end of the game . graphic and voice be amazing . the only `` complaint '' I have be that there be a lot of repetitiveness with the x button and I hardly ever use summons -lrb- personally I believe its the way you be style of fighting be . for I I just like to slice away with the keyblade and find the summons pretty useless for kingdom heart one and two -rrb- but do not let what i say not make you change you mind of buy the game . I be happy I purchase these series and be anticipate that they will make a third kingdom heart soon .
Video_Games	NEG	1	as many other people probably do , I do not think much of the EULA and TOS , and i jump into the game . Singleplayer be just boring , but the multus player be fun , I like the unlock system - once you get missile and upgrade to vehicle it be a lot of fun . then a day or two later , I notice in the internet news -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- that Origin be look up MY PERSONAL info and search through my hdd and that blow my mind away . I be thoroughly disappointed and uninstalled origin asap . I be go to return this game , and put the money back into my Skyrim preorder . seriously , ea you mess up BIG TIME . - if anyone link origin to be similar to steam , in a sense you be right , but STEAM let you opt out , and do the info anonymously and -lrb- i think -rrb- be just relevant to what game you play and whatnot , NOT you hdd you browsing history and stuff . origin be just a breach in my privacy . it be call a pc for a reason !
Video_Games	NEU	3	when I first get roller coaster tycoon I play it for 5 hour . the I play it for the whole summer ! but then it start get boring . vandalism everywhere , everyone be throw up everywhere and you can not build you own ride because it get too hard . I will not say this game be bad and I will not say this game be great . I have to say it be worth the money .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this be not a review of the game but the delivery system . they do research a while back and determine that online shopper be less likely to buy a product if they have to create a separate online account . with this game you can not even play a single player game without set up a online account with steam and then have to wait to start it up while it update . if I would have know about all this I would not have purchase .
Video_Games	POS	5	very addicting and fun . Kind of slow pace combat , but it make you think about strategy . very good voice act when there be any , only a few people actually `` talk '' most just have text . I do have problem with start up the game , but I find a patch to fix this . overall great game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	bf3 be a very generic shooter with up-to-date graphic and sound . single player mode be simply junk , multi-player mode lack all the feature that make , for example , bf2 so much fun : shooter combine with great teamwork , tactic and strategy . single player : you be a actor play a very rigid and linear script . you be tell all the time what to do , there be nothing to explore , no choice on how to perform you task . you simply need to follow the step by step direction , until you die , at which point you restart from a few step back . actually you do have some liberty : you can choose the order in which you can kill the enemy present to you . I can recall many game from 20 year ago , that would fit on a single floppy disk and that be much more exit . multi-player : I will compare it mostly with bf2 : there be no more teamwork . not at squad level and certainly not at team level . there be no more voip in game . if you plan to hook up with some random people in the game and play and chat for a couple hour in a squad , bad luck . it will be just plain silent shooting , and wonder what the squad mate do and think . no easy way to communicate . all weapon work very well at long range - so everything become a matter of discover the adversary at long range in the very cluttered environment . if you move , you will almost certainly be kill by someone hide somewhere . the map be very large , which mean that unless you play long hour you will be continuously confuse by you location and where you killer might be . there be no more commander ! so no more unity as a team , no more direction and unify strategy - at least not easily if you join a random server . no more asset such as radar , artilery , UAV . the user interface : again bf2 be mile ahead , simple easy to use , instantly understandable . bf3 : clutter , annoy in short , save you money ! if you like Bad Company 2 you might like this one as well , but if you be a bf2 fan for the reason enumerate in the first paragraph , than bf3 will be a waste of money . real waste , since of course one can not resell the game - it will become tie to you ea origin account . I certainly regret order it in advance , instead of wait for the first unbiased review .
Video_Games	NEG	2	be new to x-box I decide to buy this remote on a suggestion from a friend . I have be use this for 2 month now and have run into many problem so far with this controller . first issue i have be with the r2 & l2 button . while all the other button on this controller be very touch sensitive and react with amazing speed , these two button appear to have a longer throw to active the button . mainly use this to play call of Duty you can imagine with even the smallest delay can be frustrating . after about a month of adult use -lrb- no throwing , slamming or mistreat involve -rrb- the r2 button would glitch and be intermittent when depress -lrb- again very frustrating with cod -rrb- . now it seem the l2 button be start to glitch in the same way , when depress it would active only like it be be push half way ? I would have also like to see a larger separation between the extra `` programmable '' button and the standard r1 button , be so tight together you often activate both of they when you go to use the extra button . there be other smaller issue that I will not go into as this be longer than expect . I be chalk this up as a lesson learn and will trash this controller and go back to purchase a standard controller .
Video_Games	NEG	1	mass effect 3 be a very good game . it easily could have be the best in the series , if it do not fail so awfully in the last 10 minute . for such a minuscule percentage of the game , it be incredible how much it can ruin hundred of hour of fun span 3 game over 5 year . I really wish I could rate it higher , but I find it difficult if any thought I have of the mass effect series be about the end . to explain it without spoil anything , the final moment of the game make no sense , have nothing to do with anything you have do , and you final choice be very limit . that say , it be significantly likely the end do not actually happen , and be intend in it be current state , but because we do not know otherwise I can only review it at face value . if the extended cut validate that , this review will be a 5 star .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have a ps3 and this game look great . the detail in this game make it even better ... THIS be a must buy
Video_Games	POS	5	this be my first review ever on Amazon , and the reason be because this be the first product I have ever feel so compel to review . I switch from pc gaming to console about a year ago , but be one of those people who be very frustrate by dual-analog control . I sort of stumble upon the EEC , read a ton of review and watch YouTube vid , and decide to buy one . I have to say that this product be exactly as advertise , it work perfectly , and be as close to pc gaming as you 'll get on a console . I happen to be use a Razer Death Adder mouse and cheap usb keyboard I buy on Amazon for $ 10 . I will say that the higher-dpi mouse make a huge difference in the feel . before , I be use a Microsoft Intellimouse and it be jittery , slow , and inaccurate . long story short , if you be look for mouse\/keyboard gameplay on the PS3 , it be not go to get better than this . pro : - no lag - very smooth movement - great in-game advanced calibration - key-mapping software be easy to use - very long usb cable con : - very long usb cable ! - in order to run the firmware update , you need a 32-bit OS , so I have to install Windows xp use VMWare in order to update the firmware , as my computer have Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit . - accord to the forum on PenguinUnited 's site , there be some incompatibility with certain mouse\/keyboard hardware , so make sure to check the forum for you mouse compatibility .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be huge . it go on and on without repetition . many unique weapon and upgrade . wonderful story line . no wonder it be vote best first person shooter of the year .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a very good product but it only can be ship within U.S. , so I can not buy it
Video_Games	NEU	3	good buy . actually third set I have purchase . they be cheaply make , but for three buck you can not beat it in my opinion .
Video_Games	POS	5	hello I be 17 year old and have be play game for a loooong time . so do not discard I just yet ! I own a game cube and a ps2 . to be honest I teach like most people out there , `` that a game cube be for little kid '' . but like most people have see the Game cube be not for little kid . just take a look at this game ... hitman 2 , true crime : Streets of LA , Resident Evil , Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance , Dead to rights , Def Jam Vendetta , and many more tittle . I teach that the ps2 be better and it never accure to I that I would buy a game cube . I get it with Super Smash Bros. . Melee and Freekstyle . it be great , I be play for a long time and I just get soo in to it that I do not even see the time fly by .  i like how small it be and everyone that have see it like it because of its small size , small disc , and great look . but i still get that `` be not the ps2 better ? '' . well if you think that pay more for a Console be `` better '' than go for it and waste you money on that cheap dvd add-in . I know that the line `` include dvd '' sound awesome and I feel for it too like many other out there . but start think about it and it be not that great . plus if you already have one -lrb- which most of we do -rrb- why would you need one ? First of the ps2 do not support mp3 's , VCD 's , SVCD 's , the ZOOM Feature , Different Angle Feature , Record dvd 's feature , and it do not have progressive scan . a must have for better dvd quality . and with the price of dvd player now a day I think its better to go out there and buy the dvd player separate . this also mean not go out there and hunt around for a decent dvd control . get my point ?  ok let continue ! I have the Game cube and the Playstation 2 , i dont have the xbox and i have not play it either , so to be fair i will not talk about it . so here we go !  game cube - small size , small CD 's , Easy to carry , fast set-up , very comfortable controller , very durable , 3 different color , awesome game Variety , Addictive `` only for '' Games , have never freeze , and under $ 100 .  ps2 - some-what small , great Button Layout , stand vertically -lrb- with help -rrb- and horizontally , play dvd 's , fast set-up , have `` Grand theft auto '' , Great Game Variety and do not freeze freakently -lrb- but have about 10 time since i have it \* 6 month \* -rrb- .  so bottom line if you want a awesome system that look Great and play even Greater , get the Game cube . the only reason i would not buy one be if I still think that it be for little kid , or if I do not have a dvd player and need one fast , but like i state on top I do not think you want that one anyway . so hopefully this help you and have guide you to buy what be right for you ! happy gaming ! : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	>> the premise Dissidia Duodecim , for the uninitiated , be a 3-d , real-time brawler feature most of the main protagonist and antagonist of the entire final Fantasy series . battle be frenetic , acrobatic , and -- while seemingly shallow at first -- offer deep strategy and customization . it be a lot like  Super Smash Bros.  what this mean be that , just like Smash Bros. , Dissidia provide ton of secret , unlockable , fan service , and content . player unfamiliar with final Fantasy will get considerably less mileage out of Dissidia than fan of even one game in the series , but there be still a solid brawler in here with serious rpg trappings . >> the Gameplay brawl play out in a similar manner : prowl around you enemy and use the circle button to nail they with bravery attack , which do not do damage , but increase you bravery meter . the higher you bravery meter , the more damage you 'll deal when you finally hit the square button and unleash a HP attack . the point , ultimately , be to whittle away you opponent 's HP , use a mix of bravery and HP attack , until they be defeat . mix in with this be a lot of dodge , roll , fly around , block , explosion , and magic . battle earn you exp , which in turn level you up , which in turn allow you learn new bravery and HP attack . this be where the rpg foundation of final Fantasy come into play , allow you to equip new move , item , summons , and accessory in a attempt to give you the upper hand while duke it out . >> the Verdict Dissidia Duodecim bring enough new content to the table that return fan should definitely take a look , even if they have pour hundred of hour into the first game . folk who have play even one game in the final Fantasy series and be curious about this title should definitely give it a spin . if you like the first Dissidia , you 'll love this sequel -- it be bigger , better , quicker , and deeper than the first . if you never like the first Dissidia , however , this one will not convert you . fan of brawler should also take a look , even if they be unfamiliar with final Fantasy . Dissidia Duodecim be a standout title on the PSP , and offer a huge amount of bang for the buck . >> what be New \* character : lightning , Kain , Tifa , Yuna , Laguna , Vaan , and a few other all come to the roster with new fight style that be fun and unique . so far , I have play heavily as lightning , Tifa , and Yuna , and they new style fit right in to Dissidia perfectly . \* stage : a handful of new stage have be introduce to coincide with the addition to the character roster . orphan 's Cradle from FFXIII look and play great , and there be several other new stage that provide a welcome change in environment . for now , though , it only seem like there be 3 or 4 new stage . \* move : return character have a few new trick up they sleeve to mix thing up . \* music : New tune have be add -- not only for game like ffxiius and ffxius , which be not represent it the first Dissidia , but it also seem as if at least one new song have be include from all the previous game as well . menu bgm have be remix slightly . the music , both new and old , sound wonderful . \* Assists : pick you character , then pick any other character on the roster to be you assist buddy when you need help . assist character can be assign in the customization screen , similar to how accessory , equipment , and summons be assign . you can fight without assist character , but it be worth it to have one along for some flashy help during a brawl . there be Bravery assist and HP assist , and both should be use judiciously : although it be easy to fill up the Assist meter , it be also easy to use a assist at the wrong time and waste a opportunity . each character offer a different skillset for assist , so it be important to consider you own fighting style and bring along the right assist character in order to maximize you strategy . \* Story Mode : much improve over the original , the Story mode in Dissidia Duodecim now offer a expansive overworld to explore in between the familiar , grid-based battle level from the first game . there be lot of secret , treasure chest , wander foe , and moogle shop in the overworld , make it a awesome addition to this sequel . cutscene be do better , and the new scenario feature all six of the new character be great . \* Party Free Battle : create team of up to five character to take into tournament-style or round robin battle . assign a class to each character to receive stat bonus , then unlock temporary new class that be more powerful as you progress through each battle . \* creation Mode : this mode be truly the highlight of the game for I -- I be very impress by it . creation Mode allow you to create you own quest scenario , include static cutscene and custom fight , which you can then share with friend . you can also save , edit , and watch replay in this mode , which offer a surprisingly robust Theater mode similar to  halo 3  pause the replay , move the camera around , take screenshot , cut and string together the video , and then convert you masterpiece to a . avus that can be upload to you computer ! awesome ! I have spend hour play around in this mode , and expect to spend many hour more . \* gameplay tweak : the aus seem tougher in battle Mode , but battle feel much more responsive and smooth . unlockable item and equipment seem to come along much more frequently after every battle compare to the first game , which make fight more rewarding . assist add a great new layer of strategy to battle . >> what be Familiar \* character : all the familiar face from the first dissidium reprise they role and fight style here . \* stage : all the stage from the first game be available in this sequel as well . \* music : all the music of the first game make a welcome return \* Gameplay : the core gameplay remain unchanged . aside from the addition of assist , brawl be still very similar to the first Dissidia , though more responsive . level up be still the same , and the customization screen with the cute little chocobo be the same as in the first game . do not fix what be not break , right ? >> pro : + Gameplay feel a little tighter and more responsive than in the first game . + Graphics seem a little better . + New character , stage , and music be great addition to the game . + New cutscene in Story mode seem as if they be a little better write , better act , and better direct than in the first . + the overworld in Story mode be awesome , and fairly large . + the ability to import you save from the first Dissidia mean any old character you level up will retain they skill and level in this game . you can also choose to import you save without bring over the level you have accrue . + Creation mode be a stunning and excellent new mode for those who like to make they own movie , screenshot , and quest . + the ability to save replay as . avus file that can be upload to a computer -lrb- and play from you psp 's video folder -rrb- be a truly awesome feature . -lrb- be sure to turn on replay in the Options mode , first . -rrb- + assist be a great addition to battle . + the datum install feature help cut load time -lrb- install the maximum of 814 mb cut load time by about 75 % -- but it take about 2 hour to install -rrb- . the install size include 492mb , 574mb , and 814mb . + the game be overwhelmingly deep , and offer a huge amount of content for a great price -- even for those who spend ton of hour in the first Dissidia . + battlegen item be much easier to create in Duodecim . >> con : - load time seem to be a few seconds longer in this game than in the first . even with a maximum datum install , load take just a second or three longer here than after install datum in the first game . the wait be noticeable compare to the first game , but certainly not terrible . - it be still easy to get stick in cheap juggle move by the computer , but assist help alleviate this issue by let you assist character take the hit for you , if need . - still no infrastructure mode . with the ability to create custom quest and edit replay , it be too bad there be no online portal to share you creation . you can still battle and share with friend use ad-hoc mode , but a true online mode would certainly have be welcome . >> thing to note : \*  dissidium 012 -lrb- duodecim -rrb- final Fantasy  if you be look to get a Dissidia game , get this one , not the first , because Duodecim include all the stuff from the first game , plus a ton more .
Video_Games	POS	4	I dont like the concept of pay monthley for a game i already buy . so of course i never play a mmorpg . until now . why ? CUZ ITS FREE ... yes thats right . . its free ... ok , im assume you know how to play a rpg , its that with the option to play with other people . its kinda boring sometimes and repetitive but its ok , cuz the rpg element keep you play . the story be crap ... I didnt care for it , some bad voice act and some pretty good voice act . you wont remember the story after you play . . hell im still play it and I dont remember the story . the camera angel be bad and at the end of the month you feel this be a game for poor or the average income people . if you be rich and want a mmorpg , buy world of warcraft , I want soo much to play but im only 16 and itll take up almost all my allowence .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be Nancy Drew game # 14 . you be Nancy once again , and this time you be in Paris . you be work for a world-famous clothing designer , Minette , who have conceal herself behind a mask and will not tell anyone what be behind it . she have be act very weird lately and have be provoke by anonymous , threatening letter , phone call , and paint bomb . it be up to you to try to find out what happen to cause all of these odd phenomenon . as you journey into the game , a new mystery awaken : in World War two , a lady hide many artwork and nobody know where they be . people have think that she steal they , but nobody know for sure . she recently die and she name have not be clear . can you , Nancy Drew , figure out what really happen ? I recommend this game , but it be a extremely hard Nancy Drew game . do not buy it if you be a beginner -lrb- I have solve a couple of mystery , and I still have to go online for hint -rrb- . on the other hand , it be not as scary as the other game -lrb- altough the concept of a lady conceal behind a mask be -rrb- so if you have a runaway imagination , this be the one to buy . I think this , like all of the other Nancy Drew game , be wonderful !
Video_Games	POS	5	first off I be not a kid I be 14 . now let get to the review . Tekkem dark resurrection be one awsome game !!!!! the graphic unbelievable . they be pretty good for a psp game . there be alot of mode !!!!!!! Story battle , arcade battle , practice , and Tekken dojo -lrb- there be also mode that you can unlock !!!!!! -rrb- . you can custimze a fighter witch be also awsome !!!!!!!! but that not all . you can also play aganst you freind and you can play online . I buy mine from ebgame a few day ago and I be very , very impressed . Tekken dark resurrection be worth you money - Matt
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be fun and challenging and also make you pay attention to what you do . i buy the game and there be no problem with it
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be great !!! the graphic be incridble and the new feature be incrideble .
Video_Games	POS	4	not as much fun as a shootem up like the combat flight simulator but you can still have a great deal of fun just try all the different option and fly over all the different location . I have a force feedback joystick which make it even better and it all work very well together .
Video_Games	POS	4	if you be look to lose some calorie and have fun at the same time this be the game to get but I wish thry have a better selection of song . not show any that you can purchase from the Playstation Store
Video_Games	POS	5	I play this game and the demo and I love it ! my favorite part be build . I be get it soon and I can not wait .
Video_Games	POS	5	these memory card have so much room its not even funny . they be slick look , have eight time the amount of room a ps1 card have , and you can store you ps1 game on it . this be totally worth the -lrb- price -rrb- .
Video_Games	NEG	1	seriosly , it be not that good of a game it be a waste of 50 buck just to see some tid if u be read this that mean you online so go to a xxx website do not spend 50 doller it be ... . . sad
Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy this game for my 5 year old - who love Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus . big Mistake ! my husband and I have have to help she with most of the game . eventually , we all give up . at one point in the game you have to use the mouse in a circular motion to change the `` horse '' into Brietta . we give up because we all have sore arm from try ! if you want to buy a great `` Barbie '' computer game . . choose Barbie Princess and the pauper ! the game be fun and my 5 year old love it ! this game be a Christmas present and I would return it if I could !!!
Video_Games	POS	4	great game for shooter fan best of the series period !!!! resistance 3 be fun fill ride excellent weapon and the weapon wheel be back make this the best in the trilogy by far . I love resistance 1 and like r2 mainly the co-op that be offer with r2 so really wish that c0-op be include with resistance 3 . hopefully they will do like red dead redemption do and make co-op a dlc later on in the near future . this game have a great and well pace campaign very fun and have some memorable shootout and a very bleak and desperate atmosphere which be the right mood for this game . every gaming magazine and website have be rating resistance 3 close to 9 's out of 10 and 4.5 out of 5 except for Game Informer they be the only outlet that give it a 7.5 for have some bug that I never notice and such a bleak atmosphere which really do not make sense to lower the score that much for it be purposely bleak setting and tone . I wish Insomniac would have also do alot more with they extended development time some may want to rent it first but if you a fan of shooter and a fan of resistance then go ahead and purchase it you will not be disappoint . multiplayer-now multiplayer be a fun and crazy time weapon be always be upgrade so be you character which help alot and headshot matter alot in this game . the only thing lack be the co-op mode from resistance 2 it do have a campaign co-op which also very fun to enjoy with friend and split screen co-op also . when and if this game get it be old co-op style back then it will be the alot better there be occasional glitch not as much as be reprt by gi but nothing game breaking . I also wish the old big team battle be back they be a blast on the sequel but I guess since humanity be all but wipe out battle have to be more like small skirmish .
Video_Games	NEU	3	Putt-Putt travels through Time be part of the Putt-Putt series , the most exciting strategy computer game for kid age 2 + -lrb- yes , it be right , 2 + -rrb- . not as charming as Putt-Putt save the zoo and Putt-Putt enter the race , and more stimulating than Putt-Putt join the Circus , Putt-Putt travels through Time be still a amazing way to introduce you kid to computer in a positive and creative way . my kid love it , play with it hundred of time and learn a lot with it . it be a good pick to extend you collection .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have play this game multiplayer mode extensively -lrb- about a hour on average since February 22nd when the game be release -rrb- . my favorite part of the game + the multiplayer mode Operations and Warzone which allow all of the class to use they ability , which for the most part be not fully utilize during a Guerilla Warfare match . + the campaign with the  PlayStation move sharp shooter  + the multiplayer have all of the class that BFBC2 have , and additionally 2 extra class , which btw counter each other -lrb- tactician and infiltrator -rrb- . thing that need work - map repetitiveness . every time I play in the multiplayer mode , I be stick with the same map -lrb- no voting during guerrilla warfare and warzone -rrb- . if I choose that I prefer a map , I may be stick play against 1 to 3 player . the multiplayer map should be rotate every week in my opinion or allow voting which be allow in the Operations mode . - the Sharpshooter can be a nuisance on a limited few mission during the campaign -lrb- towards the end of the campaign -rrb- . - long initial start-up -lrb- loading -rrb- time . overall , I be still have a lot of fun play this game . a lot of my PSN friend will not buy this game because of the science fiction theme -lrb- and complain when they get meleed by a infiltrator -rrb- . they be wait for  Battlefield 3 - limited edition  I be not a big fan of science fiction game myself , but the audio , video , and the way this game come together for I do everything right . I be anxiously await for the  killzone 3 steel rain map pack -lrb- online Game Code
Video_Games	POS	5	i love this game and it be so much fun for I to play . if you love baseball and want a game to play that fun and easy than this be it . i love that it so easy for I to play . hope this help . bye : -rrb- p.s. i love baseball to death .
Video_Games	POS	5	this case be great ! if you play game for awhile and you hand cramp from hold you psp , this be for you . it be comfortable and also protect you psp .
Video_Games	POS	5	... suck up my time ! I be new to the PS3 and to FPS game . this be one of the first game I buy because it be cheap . I have only play the single player a couple of time , and while it be fun , I stop play after I go online . the online game be so much fun . I be horrible at it , but be really enjoy try to build up my point and get new accessory and gun . this game make have a job and kid really hard . I think about this game at work and can not wait until its the kid bedtime so I can play . haha the graphic and gameplay be great !
Video_Games	POS	4	I have no plan to buy this . when it come out it be way too expensive -lrb- $ 100 ??? -rrb- and I do not like football . -lrb- I be a baseball fan . -rrb- the price drop , then again and again . I finally find it at a acceptable price from a third-party seller and decide to go for it , since I would finish the 60 day challenge in ea Sports active ii and want a different challenge . very glad I do . it be fun . it mix ea Sports active 2 with some football exercise and a little testosterone . you can choose the stadium to work out in and pick a NFL player as you trainer . some of the exercise -lrb- foot fire , lunge , for example -rrb- be in ea Sports active 2 , but the football exercise be not . I have only do a couple of workout -lrb- on normal mode -rrb- so far , but I be pleased . with a couple of exercise , it be important for you form to be very accurate or the game will not respond . -lrb- also , make sure you sync the monitor with the game , even if you have they synce with ea active 2 already . -rrb- but the added element from ea Sports active 2 make this a good choice if the price be right . I be consider kick it up to hard mode , though I have it on hard mode in ea Sports active 2 and end up drop it down to normal about 2\/3 of the way through because it really get too hard . -lrb- I be in my 50 . -rrb- but I like the workout with ea active 2 and I think I 'll this will do just as well .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this controller a few month after I buy my GameCube , about 4 year ago . this controller have work great ever since ! it be only now after year of abuse that it be start to malfunction . so if you want a good , durable controller , this be well worth the money !
Video_Games	POS	5	well , first I buy the Sims Deluxe with 1 expansion and that get old after a while but now that I have this with all the expansion I dont know if it could get boring . there be so much to do now like adopt pet and go downtown . the possibility be endless !
Video_Games	POS	4	the game be fun . there be no doubt about that . it probably appeal to the younger audience , hence the e rating . I find it to be clever . it follow the storyline of the movie but be able to deviate in appropriate way . for example when Buzz be navigate through a room , it may switch to he fly through space . it be as if he be get play with , use a child 's imagination just like the movie . the game incorporate the touch pad intermittently so there be a good mix of the control . you can unlock level for free play by collect the pixar ball . my biggest criticism be that it be not challenging , but I think it be appropriate for the younger gamer . by add the free play , it be good for replay value .
Video_Games	POS	5	I personally consider this one of the best game I have ever play . the storyline wasnt as good as I expect , it be too rush and I couldnt grasp what be happen . also the gameplay in the in-game game be completely different from the previous two Halo game . there be ton more gun , the new addition of equipment , and a very odd life system . no longer be there a shield , only a bar at the top and if that hit 0 you dead . the graphic be simply breathtaking . I be play it and a friend walk in and think I be watch a reality movie . for all you people who say it suck , the trick be too hook it up to a hd-tv , that what its optimize for and when the graphic enter unbelievibly-blow you mind state . the multiplayer be incredible . it be similar to Halo 2 , but with the introduce of Forge and more map . I play for hour yestarday and never get tire . so even though you may not enjoy the campaign as much as you think , and the graphic may blow you mind temporarily , i give this game a easy 5\/5 .
Video_Games	POS	4	sadly , I have no broadband . therefore , i can not enjo what be probably the best part of this game . however , I have play the campaign , and i can tell you it be a little disapointing . the plot be dumb , and the charactor be thin . through out the entire game , the only threat to you be enemy mech , which pop up more often later , but during the begining it be just point and shoot . the strong point of this game be in the control scheme and the enviornment . almost everything be destroyable , form building to stone pillar and the local fauna . overall , i would only give this game 3 star . but i be allow for benefit of the doubt with the multiplayer thing , and give it 4 .
Video_Games	POS	5	a fresh title from Capcom that be similar to monster hunter but more action packed and a bit story drive .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great addition to the sims3 collection . this software add so much extra excitement to the game . this add so many option and direction to go ... ea be the best .
Video_Games	POS	4	well this be a amazing game and this be come from a guy who have never be a fan of rpg\/medieval fantasy game . maybe my interest change and I do not know it ? this be also a reedit review base on the performance issue that have plague the ps3 version almost exclusively . I be 30 hour into the game and I be start to slowly witness more of the issue they talk about and some not talk about . not everyone have suffer the issue on ps3 which be odd because it be most likely due to a structural issue with the ps3 . -lrb- ... -rrb- however , these be unofficial opinion base on someone who work on Fallout : New Vegas , a similar open world game and sequel to Bethesdas Fallout 3 . Skyrim and New Vegas have different game developer , but be both publish by Bethesda . nevertheless , I think the guy be probably correct . if you do not read the article , it basically say that the PS3 only have 256 mb of ram devoted separately to both graphic and memory . why be this important ? answer : xbox 360 -lrb- pc -rrb- have the same amount -lrb- or more for pc -rrb- , 512 mb , but the xbox ram be universal . thus , it can devote more ram towards one or the other base on the game need . as you advance more in the PS3 game , you save file get bigger -lrb- from all the thing you have collect , drop , kill guy , all the stuff you move around throughout the game grow -rrb- while have less ram to work with . this be probably whats cause all the problem , although it be interesting to note that some PS3 user have report no issue . maybe they do not care ? its probably safe to assume that with a game this size , there be numerous factor at work . however , we know there be issue . I be hope I would be one to avoid these but I be start to see more freeze and game glitch as I reach the infamous 6 mb save file of which I be almost there -lrb- this be where a lot of people have start see issue -rrb- . the most outrageous glitch I have have -lrb- and one I have not read other people have -rrb- be when I be fight a dragon and be kill without good reason . during the battle , my body simply shoot upwards in the air and die instantly . I reload and try the battle again and the same thing happen . the Thanksgiving patch also supposedly may make the game worse which they say would do the opposite . honestly , as of right now , I be quite worried . I see another video where either IGN or another company be play the game and it be suffer from frequent lag . I can not take it back to gamestop so I be stick with my version . sadly , I find out after I already buy the game that my friend wife -lrb- who have the same computer as I -rrb- can run the game fine . ouch . I now feel dissapointed at what be once start out a amazing game experience . now , I have to worry about crippling issue down the road . I would have personally be fine -lrb- I be sure many other would to -rrb- to have the game be delay for ps3 and do correctly , if possible . besides all the issue , the game be a blast . no need to go over what you have already hear . its a open world adventure that keep get more interesting as you go along and play at you own speed . but the issue be there . for now , it be not like it freeze every 10 minute , but I be worry about future lag . the game have probably freeze about 4-5 time in the 30 hour span . plus some glitch , occasional short lag in open area , and the before mention super dragon glitch that happen twice . all in all , not enough to ruin it so far . that be say , I hope people take everything I have say into account . I do not mean to focus entirely on the negative aspect , but I think they should be address more thoroughly because everyone know about the awesome gameplay etc. . and you I encourage you to read the article and do as much research as you can before buy this game . you will have to decide you own tolerance for glitch .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be unlike the other . it be a lot more fun and interesting ! you start out in a train where all the student have something to say . you be already battle monster and explore the train . after that you start lesson and you get to be all the character ! you do so many thing and a lot of it you can do over and over . so buy the game , pleasant encounter await you !
Video_Games	NEG	1	COD BO be a piece of crap ... it be the worst fp that I have ever own . its hacky and glitchy and not the least be consist . do not waste you money or you time
Video_Games	POS	5	I have not play this as much as I have part 1 , but it seem pretty much identical as far as gameplay go . there be some thing like bandit lair hide around and the ability to get marry -lrb- have not try much of it yet -rrb- . there be only one thing so far I do not like , friendly soldier have icon over they head that can block you view when try to use a bow . other than that , no complaint so far .
Video_Games	POS	4	fun game , easy to learn how to play and several play option for easy -lrb- multiple choice -rrb- to difficult -lrb- 3 letter word finish -rrb- or hard -lrb- 5 letter word finish -rrb- . only negative . if you play the game a lot the clue will eventually repeat . if you be over 40 like I that probably will not matter much anyway !
Video_Games	NEU	3	first , before you even play the Sims 2 on the Mac , download and install the official patch . it make a world of difference , and correct some major fault . the game as first release be almost a beta version , but the patch bring it to a decent first release . -lrb- I be hope for another future patch to fine tune the game . -rrb- lot of gamesite have a list of mirror where you can get the patch . -lrb- ... -rrb- you can get recolor of object that greatly enhance the game , and also some new mesh object , as well as walls\/floors , clothes and mod -lrb- many mod work on the Mac , although they be design for the pc -rrb- . Censor patch do not work on the Mac , yet , although they be available for the pc . you will only be able to download a total of less than 8230 combined file in you download folder -lrb- that include mod , object , and walls\/floors\/terrain paint -rrb- -- more break the game -- so shop wisely for item that give maximum gameplay . Clothes go into the SavedSims folder , and you should have less than 1000 item -lrb- which also include all sim character in the game , because they be save there -rrb- in that folder , and probably substantially less on slower mac . test all download , ten or so at a time , -lrb- especially clothes , because some be problematic -rrb- before you put they into you actual game . then , check out website like tsr -lrb- the Sims Resource -- it be a pay site , but one of the largest , with some very good object -rrb- and other large site . once you have do all that , the game be \* very \* fun to play , and addictive . it be not nearly as fun right out of the box . -lrb- download be you friend . : - -rrb- -rrb- -rrb- I have get the Sims 2 on a Powerbook -lrb- g4 -rrb- 133 mghz with 1 gb internal memory . it barely work with the maximum download , as list above . it be playable and fairly smooth , but really slow , on medium graphic game setting . the best way to play be on smaller lot with somewhat uncomplicated house . ideally , the download should not be max out -lrb- if you can live with less -rrb- . and if you have less than a g4 133 , be prepare for choppy play when you have download . choppy play ruin the game for most people . Sims 2 be a game I would not want to live without , so I would probably put up with it on my slower Mac , just to have the game at all . but anyone with less that a mid to upper level g5 should be prepare for a bit of a disappointment in game play . I sincerely doubt my Powerbook will be able to run any future expansion pack . I be currently play Sims 2 University on a laptop pc and there be simply no comparison in game play , and seemingly no limit to download . the pc version be head and shoulder above the port version for the Mac , and that be a shame . it be not that way for Sims 1 , where the Mac version play better than the pc . hopefully , Aspyr will make another patch for the Mac version , and bring it up to speed . if they do not , it will only get worse with each expansion pack .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you do not like this game , there be something wrong with you . this be the most creative , artistic , hilarious , and most importantly FUN game I have ever -lrb- and likely ever will -rrb- play . I would recommend this game to anyone . do not listen to the few hater who have post negative review of this game . I would be willing to bet money they and\/or they child be of substandard intelligence .
Video_Games	POS	5	I receive the Wii yesterday for my birthday and I be way older than normal child , but I be still a kid at heart ! I have so much fun bowling . Yippee !! I hurt my back -lrb- not with the Wii -rrb- so I could not play any of the other game , darn it . my little family would not let I . while I recuperate these other game be build some great anticipation . as soon as I be feel better , I will be play all of the Wii Sport game and on the hunt for more fun and game ! everyday be a adventure and the Wii just make the adventure better ! Cindy
Video_Games	POS	4	I love this game . it suck you in and you will remember the game all you life . for how much time they spend on this game and with all the other game they have do you would think they would have make the combat a little better by now . the kill animation be pretty corny and terribly do . the main story line be very very short . this be a major disappointment for I . after I beat the main quest I be like , `` WTF . . that be it ? '' . luckily as usual there be a ton of side quest . overall I think they could have do a better job .
Video_Games	POS	5	have jump on the Elder Scrolls bandwagon since Morrowind , I have love each and every game since . oblivion be a masterpiece and skyrim improve upon the formulum that Oblivion start . First of all , if you like Oblivion , then you should like this game because Skyrim be better on all level . while there be no massive groundbreaking change , every facet of the game have be improve upon in some manner . graphic be nicer , npc 's be more intelligent , the world be more expansive and beautiful , side quest be MUCH more interesting , and most of all , there be freak dragon that you can fight ! in oblivion , travel get to be a pain sometimes because you be constantly attack by lame creature . in Skyrim , the developer obviously tone this down so that when you travel , for the most part you be unhindered , which really give it a more realistic feel . dungeon in this game also have a unique feel to they , unlike oblivion where they all start to bleed together after a few hour . this game really do a great job of blend some aspect of fallout3 as well . note here only the good aspect such as finish combat move and the lock picking . when I play through oblivion , the main quest be all I be really interested in , the side quest be rather mundane . however , in Skyrim I have spend more time with the side quest than the main one just because of the interesting chain of event that many of they have unleash . as a gamer who enjoy longevity in he game , this aspect be fantastic . overall , I would say that if you like role playing game , this be a must buy ! also as a postscript , I can not believe anyone would give this game 1 star ! especially anyone who have play and enjoy oblivion . there be not much difference between the two , and the difference that exist be all for the better in Skyrim .
Video_Games	POS	5	cute game , just wish they have more type of dog , but overall , the game be good
Video_Games	POS	4	although I have find all expansion pack for the Sims to be good value with great content , Superstar be not my favorite . nevertheless , the game have some good quality that can not be overlook ; besides , who can resist give you sim a skydiving simulator in they own backyard ?  if you pursue the path of fame for you sim -lrb- and why else would you buy this expansion ? -rrb- , you will visit a new area in you game call Studio Town . you can , of course , customize Studio Town and download new building for it . in Studio Town , you sim will use various object to attempt to reach Superstardom . you have 3 different theme of object , include music , modelling and movie-making . however , you do not select one of the three type ; you Sim can use any combination of they .  you gain fame by complete `` mini-puzzle '' in Studio Town . for example , if you sim try to model a swimsuit , you choose one of three pose for him\/her to take . the Studio Town employee oversee the shoot will tell you whether or not you choice be correct . for the eariler level of fame , you 'll have 3 chance , but for the later level , you be cut back to 2 .  you also have to gain skill , as usual , and `` somebody '' friend . each `` somebody '' in Studio Town be worth a certain number of star point , and a number in the Job panel will tell you how many star point you need . make friend be harder , however , because Sims that be famous do not have as many interaction as normal sim do .  play Superstar be challenging but rewarding . it be not easy to become a star , but once you do , you 'll be happy . you sim can also win a variety of reward for do well while work in Studio Town . if you like the Sims , you will probably like this expansion , even though it seem to be aim at teenager more than anyone .
Video_Games	POS	5	I just get this remote and it be exactly what I be look for . the set up be a breeze ! it synce with my PS3 system without a problem , it only take a few seconds and it be up and run . it be great that it incorporate both bluetooth and ir functionality . for my other component , I use the 4 digit brand code and be able to control all the most important function right away . there be few function that I will need to program use the `` learn '' feature , which I have not even explore yet as I be able to control 90 % of the function . my set up be : Samsung - 3d tv , 3d Blue Ray Player and a 5.1 Stereo Component System -lrb- all Samsung product and pretty recent model with specific feature not available a couple of year ago -rrb- , and a DirecTV HD DVR receiver . this remote be now replace 5 different remote include my PS3 controller , for which I will mainly use to watch movie and overall surfing , as I be not expect to use this remote to play game . this be a excellent purchase , very inexpensive , and look good too , without all the bell and whistle of lcd touch screen that only consume battery for the most part . I would recommend this remote to everyone who own a PS3 system and few other component and want to use one remote to do it all .
Video_Games	POS	4	the duel mode -lrb- one on one -rrb- be very , very unresponsive . rancor be sluggish . pick up item take too long to highlight and throw -lrb- destiny and rancor -rrb- jump do not always work , you need to jump again or again again . pod racing be somewhat reasonably responsive . all in all I give it a 4 . at least once they admit there be a problem , they will send a fix to XBOX Live .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be probably you semi-average person who have end up buy this game ... someone who be have not be exercise in a while , but be not horribly out of shape either . I hate go to the gym -lrb- take too much time to drive there & back , wait for equipment to be free , etc -rrb- and so I be look for a way to get some exercise at home . I be not expect too much out of the work out since I do not have any weight or equipment at home . what I want be something to help guide I through a exercise plan and help motivate I to do they on a regular basis . pro : be that I be end up get a better work out then I expect , but I have to push a bit harder then the in game coaching would indicate so I guess I should change the difficulty from medium to hard . there be a fair bit of diversity in the exercise , but you will often end up do the same exercise in a single session . overall a decent mix . the in game coaching be pretty good . give good tip on proper form and some motivation . I be actually surprised how un-cheesy it end up be overall . obviously not as good as work out with a personal trainer at the gym , but it be really hard to fault they at all here . con : the tracking be really really bad at time . there be time I be stand absolutely still and it show I do reps. WTF ? there be exercise which require big movement and it tell I it be wait for I to start . it be really frustrating since sometimes it work great and the next day it be horrible . once I decide to do all the exercise session all over again since I want to push harder only to quit because the tracking go from great to a drunken merry-go-round in 5 minute . there be a lot of little nit-pick I could do , like when it tell you to get some water and then do not give you \* any \* extra time to walk the 3 foot and take a sip . or how the menu system be really slow . start the game be slow . the whole point of console game be suppose to be you insert the disk and go ! but easa2 for some reason have the worst menu system I have ever see in a PS3 game and it hurt my enthusiasm every time I start a work out because I be constantly wait for the screen to refresh . not to mention the stupid load screen between each and every exercise . you can not tell I the PS3 do not have enough horsepower to load the next exercise in the background and they could easily add a `` next up : xxxxx '' scroll on the screen to let you know what be next without make you stand there with nothing to do other then pick you nose . there be other issue with the game you 'll hear about if you read other review here on Amazon - they be all true . and that be the real problem with the game , the in game coach do a pretty good job of motivate you and they seem to have do a good job come up with a exercise plan , but the game itself be so flaw that you actually do not want to use it . actually , if I could just turn off the tracking other then the heart rate monitor and just follow along on my own , it would actually be pretty decent and I would find myself want to exercise with easa2 rather then drag my foot and miss schedule workout because I loath it so much . that say , I use to do muay Thai so I 'll probably give the fight : light out a try .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a Bungie game ! from Marathon to myth to Halo , this be my favorite game developer -lrb- even if they bail on the Mac prior to Halo 1 -rrb- . this be a great title . it keep everything I like about Halo 1 , and extend the fun big time .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my son for Christmas because he really like the Bejeweled game . I start play and I could not stop . it be a very simple idea that be load of fun .
Video_Games	POS	5	the add weight that the dual shock add to the controller make it feel like you use a nice controller and not a cheap piece of plastic . the battery be rate at 300 ma vs just 30 ma for the six axis controller that come with my PlayStation . the rumble help you feel like you a part of the game and not just a spectator .
Video_Games	NEU	3	how will I get my Redeem Codes ... I have place my order and get a message that its take too long and that I would be contact .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have play many many RPG game my favorite catagory of gaming . this game absolutely be grand . it have hour and upon hour of game play . the side quest and the extra 's be never end , the graphic be stupendous . I have never play any of the other final Fantasy game but be intrigue by this one . do not miss it or you miss the best rpg game out to date !
Video_Games	POS	5	love this product ! it allow you to charge a large part of you peripheral at the same time so gaming can continue ! I have the original PS3 with 4 usb port , but it be take all the charge shuffle off the console & onto something else so the system do not need to be run all the time to charge thing . great idea !
Video_Games	POS	5	the puzzle piece you have to collect can be somewhat challenge to get to . the time manipulation be very unique and fun . the story be strange and dark , but interesting . the only thing I do not like be the game be a bit short and the optional star you can collect be extremely annoying . there be a star that require you to stand there for hour wait on something , literally do nothing . and if you minimize the game it take 10x longer . and if you wait too long the thing you be wait on disappear . another star can not be collect if you do something already , and it can not be undo . so you need to restart the game if you miss it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	1 . it be incredibley hard to move aroundd . 2 . you cant explore -lrb- you just choose what level you want -rrb- 3 . THEY CANT EVEN jump ! what fun be that ? 4 . it give my computer lot of virus 5 . dont waste yor money on this I save up for it and i regret it 100 %
Video_Games	POS	5	the product arrive in time and in perfect condition . what a difference it make for more than two people to play these game with additional remote and nunchuck . very glad we buy they .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you be expect Red Dead redemption or Grand theft auto iv type gameplay that Rockstar be know for look elsewhere . this game be more in the detective Phoenix Wright , Heavy rain type game with extremely high production value . Voice act be excellent and facial annimation be unmatched at time . I usually buy 360 version of multiplatform game but this time the PS3 version be the slightly better overall and be on 1 disc instead of 360 's 3 disc , which could be a pain if you replay the case after beat they and then select they in the main menu .
Video_Games	POS	5	I bout the game a couple day ago and 1 -rrb- u can get a crystal onix through breed only 2 -rrb- there be a cerebius 3 -rrb- lot of fun 4 -rrb- game be no joke u gotta buy it or else die die die die die die die die ... thank you very much ... .
Video_Games	POS	5	this have to be one of my favorite Nancy Drew game ! its so much fun to play as you explore this empty theater ! you never know what around the bend or who be watch you . you get a eerie feeling play this game , at least I do , and not all the game do that . totally fun and worth it !
Video_Games	POS	5	my 10 year old play 10 hour straight on Christmas day and be very hooked on the game . normally we would object but to `` win '' one need to think and plan carefully . it appear to give a great foundation into business as you build and run a theme park and then see if you can reach you goal in park attendance , customer satisfaction and profit .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have play this game many time , and have not be bore yet . I think that , contrary to other 's belief , the drive control be not bad , they be REALISTIC . the gun be fun to use , and the story be AMAZING . you make lot of friend , and the way you decision influence the story add a very nice sense of realism to the game . and to those say that the main character be boring , or that it suck you can not manage a gang or buy property like in San Andreas , consider that the main character be a immigrant . this game have good replay value and be well worth the buy .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have have a couple of wireless controller in the past - from pelican . the Logitech wireless controller be light year ahead of those that I have use previously . the analog acurracy be exactly what be require by gamer and do not leave you frustrate from input that you do not intend . also the d-pad be great . you will not be disappoint with this item . also it do not interfer with my 802.11 b wireless network .
Video_Games	POS	5	the disc arrive in good working condition the kid age 5-20 all enjoy play the game . there be no case but do come in a small plastic d case which be perfect for take the game on the go .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be sooooooo boring ! it take forever to groom the horse and I be not sure if it even tell you when you be do . I keep groom and groom and the horse be never completely clean . also , in the begin it be very confusing on how to start compete . I do not recommend this game when there be much better one out there ... I be glad I get this for free !
Video_Games	POS	5	Super Mario 3D Land be the first mario game for the nintendo 3d and i have to say it be my favorite game for my 3d . it be like a mix up of super mario galaxy and new super mario bro. and i just love it . especially since they bring back the tanookus suit .
Video_Games	POS	4	battlefield 3 be a great game , but not without its shortcoming . First off , the campaign . in the beginning , I be originally concern that it be copy black op , but as other have say , this i impossible because black op be release about a year ago . the only thing battlefield 3 have in common be that the main character 's be interrogate and the campaign go through flashback mission . there be nothing else in common . the mission be fun , and it be all a plausible scenario , give the state of Iran right now . campaign be not solid , but it be not extremely bad . Multiplayer be , however , the strong suite . there be massive map , destructible building , and vehicle aplenty . the ranking system go a little quickly if you play too much but that be not a bad thing . Tactical flashlight be extremely frustrating , though , as a warning . there be unfortunately people online who camp and use other n00bish tactic , but do not worry about they , explosive always take care of those annoying failure . the serve be mostly fine , though ea and dice charge people who buy use copy of the game , which can be annoying to those who frequent Gamestop . it lag sometimes , though this can be forgive , see as how gigantic the map be . there be not a large selection of map , and play a lot make they get old , though not as fast as one may think . back to karkand release in December , so we 'll all be wait .
Video_Games	POS	5	well , we buy this for we two son 's . one have xbox and the other have playstation3 . my ps3 son who be 25 say and I quote : `` it be dope and bad a$ $ '' I be guess this mean he like it a lot . my xbox son who be 23 say : `` this game be awesome '' now , my Wii husband who be 55 want one . they love the fact that you can play as the cop . so I guess that pretty much sum it up .
Video_Games	NEU	3	maybe its just I , but i find halo 3 to be a little cheesey and weird . keep in mind that i have not play the other 2 . alot of the weapon be lame and half the time , i couldnt see where i be in the game . much of it be darkly light or hard to see . overall , there be better shoot - 'em - up game out there .
Video_Games	NEG	1	well , I do not like this controller . I buy it after fall for the hype . Mistake . here be my issue with it ... 1 . ok first and foremost ... these analog stick completely suck . they be extremely loose and easy to moce with no resistance at all . this do not give you the tight feel you have with the regular controller when you want to `` hold a line '' with the stick . it get worse though , for some dumb reason , Logi take the greatest analog stick improvement ever make and reverse it . I be speaking of the `` domed '' top to the analog stick . why on earth do the do this ? now you thumb will easily slip off the stick during heated battle . the top be slippery and domed -lrb- round like a arch -rrb- . worst . idea . ever . 2 . second ... 2 . there be a issue with sometimes the button not responge at all . it only happen every once in awhile -lrb- i would say about once or twice every 4 or 5 minute . I have no idea why ... I have no idea when . just know that you will occasionaly have to quickly repress a button to get the response . I imagine that a lot of people be ignore this because it do not happen with regularity and I suppose most people be just think they do not press the button right or hard enough . but it be actually a flaw that can be repeat -lrb- we test with 3 other controller to be sure -rrb- . 3 . Third ... I hate the base part that plug into the system . it plug into you system and have a relatively long wire -lrb- good gosh why ????? -rrb- that on the other end have this big clunky piece of plastic with two place to allow you to put a couple of memory card . this be so ugly and unatractive . you will literally have to lay the wire up over you xbox and have that thing sit on top of you system , with the wire just hang all over the place . I like my stuff to be `` tight '' and to look good and not be sloppy and loosly hang all around . I want wireless to get rid of wire , not to have wire hang out the front of my system and drape all around it . 4 . trigger be worse . they make they smaller , put they at a slightly different angle and make the throw much shorter -lrb- much shorter -rrb- . this leave you much less precision . I dunno why anyone would recommend this controller . Logitech do a much better job with the ps2 wireless controller -lrb- except for the crappy analog stick there - but since ps2 also have those crappy stick already , you not lose anything like you do with the Xbox 's SUBLIME and flawlessly perfect analog stick -rrb- .
Video_Games	POS	5	this have the control and proper feel of a xbox controller and I use this for my pc . I like not have to worry about battery . have a long cord that be the right length . a excellent purchase for a pc gamer like myself who do not need a controller all the time .
Video_Games	POS	5	be a tyrant . be a priest . kill em ' all . protect the weak . or you could just sit back and be a bum . this be life w \/ magic and shit
Video_Games	POS	5	these headphone be awesome ! I go the cheap route at first get a few other like the triton and I have the plantronic gamecom for my pc . I then get the x41 which be pretty close to these , except without the Bluetooth , and other advanced feature . a few week later these come out , and I return the x41 's to get these . these headphone have all the feature I be look for . I can play use my xbox or the PS3 . currently on the 360 I have to use the wire headset connector , but they just come out with a Bluetooth attachment to you controller that get rid of that cord as well . you can also pair these with you phone and answer phone call without take you headset off . connect : the input connector be with a optical digital signal -lrb- there be also a analog input -rrb- this mean that out of the box you would have to keep switching cord if you want to go back and forth between the 2 . what i do be connect my px5 to the digital optical output from my av receiver -lrb- older Harman Kardon -rrb- . this allow I to switch input without have to mess with wire . I can also use they to get surround sound from movie and tv show from my set top box . sound Quality : when I first connect these I think the sound be still come from the speaker in the room , that be how directional the sound be . I have to take they off to make sure that it be actually the headset produce the sound . I would say these be better than use you surround speaker to play game , since you do not have the ambient noise in the room distract you from the sound of the game . additional feature : there be a interesting voice editor , which allow you to change you voice when chat online . you can change you pitch to sound like like a chipmunk to a necromorph , and whatever you want use the custom editor . make for some fun in a Halo post game lobby if you want to mess with the oppose team . Summary : these be great to use if you want great sound , and you do not want to distract other around you . yea they be a bit pricey for headphone , but definitely worth it . they be definitely cheaper than get a surround sound setup if you do not already have one .
Video_Games	POS	5	buy this bundle before I read through lot of positive review below . do I like it ? hell yes I do baby ! this do about the same with what I do around in PS3 which be a plus ! the Vita 's graphic be more like 128 bit maybe bit more ? the gameplay on Vita be way better than play on PS3 !!! hot shot golf in First person mode be awesome ! it allow you to look around by move you Vita 360 from where you ball lie . the case for Vita look sexy baby ! PS store be easy to use as you do on PS3 . I have download 5 Vita demo . con : there be no free warranty -lrb- protection -rrb- plan . this bundle come with lowest gb memory card they have in stock . I have to buy 32gb where I can download many Vita demo and buy game from PS store . the game this bundle include be the dumbest game I have ever play ! ca not wait for more cool game to come out in the near future ! PS Vita sure rulz !
Video_Games	POS	5	I order this starter kit for my daughter and I and we both agree that this be one of the best silicone case we have see yet . the soft jell sit nicely against the game console without limit any of the botton or analog movement . it even add a smoke element to the overly bright led on the system but allow for enough light to know that they be activate . the remote control be just as good as oem and pass the sound through beautifully . my only grip be the simple earphone that be way too hard and too large to fit into younger player 's ear . overall this be a excellent buy and just what we need .
Video_Games	POS	4	well , I get this game after get the `` Saddle up : Time to ride '' adventure and it be okay . the ride be harder in this one and not quiet as fun . the adventure be very puny and I do not see why Pippa Funnel have to even be involve . maybe for flavor . the girl , Estelle who you play be suppose to be call by you name but when she anounce to the other character that she name be Estelle , you catch on . she clothes be gross and I wish she could wear like ride clothes , not the latest fashion . the village be hard to get around at first but the music be beautiful , classic music instead of popular , like in the other one . the chore be not nearly have hard but I wish you do not have to `` improve '' you horse with credit . the whole dumb romance between you and another character in the game be just stupid and the end be well , kind of week . the unlimited game play seem to be the only thing that matter , throughout the game ; but it be kind of nice . you can also delete name !!! unlike the other game !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I be 21 and have not play since pokemon yellow . I be always nervous to start up again because there so many new pokemon , but it do not matter . this game be seriously fun , and awesome : -rrb- . highly recommend for anyone !
Video_Games	NEU	3	my son want this after play it at he best friend 's house . but after only a couple of play he be back to he favorite -lrb- Super Mario Bros. . galaxy ii , Donkey Kong country return -rrb- . maybe it be not as challenging as those ? or maybe it be more fun to play with other people 's stuff ? obviously he like the game though , so I recommend it .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I have read a few review , and everyone be say that it come with the rubber jacket and battery . Mine do not come with either of those thing , but it do come with the wrist strap . I wish the seller would make it more clear -lrb- or maybe just more consistent ? -rrb- so it would not feel like a gamble . I get 2 for my 7 year old as a Christmas gift , so if the wrist strap be not include I would have to go out and buy they ; I want the rubber jacket too , so I might go out and buy those . but the accessory be the only issue . they be label as `` use - very good '' and they be in perfect condition . same color as picture . we have not use they yet , so I can not attest to they gameplay . the accessory confusion be the only reason I do not give it 5 star -lrb- I do not like to gamble -rrb- .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be not a gamer . it be buy for a family member as a reward for be a great grandson ! he love it and have say it be a lot of fun !
Video_Games	POS	5	I have be play computer\/video game since 1980 , a long time . in that time I have go through all the console -lrb- except the turbo grafix 16 -rrb- and play ton of computer game . halo and halo 2 be great game . in both , there be thing to dislike . the first be too short and the level repeat . in the second the field of view seem a bit too tight . this game be great , it look great and run very fluidly . the game have perhaps the most annoying end ever for a game -lrb- it make I want to burn bungie studio down -rrb- . it have much better level design , and the ability to finally get to play as a elite . I have spend thousand of hour play Halo at LAN party with my friend and be have one -lrb- my first -rrb- for Halo 2 on Dec 4th . if you be in the Lacey area , drop I a line and swing on by . the multiplayer option for live need work , badly , but the game be so much fun to play with other that I can live with they . lot of people , especially fan boy for other system be go to bash the game , but if you have a xbox and like FPS game , then give Halo 2 a whirl . see you online , right before I kill you gamertag munkeeone feel free to add I to you friend list .
Video_Games	NEU	3	at first I be a bit disappointed that this be not a real rpg like BG or bg2 . dark Alliance -lrb- DA -rrb- be more a action rpg like the Diablo game . DA have great graphic and music -lrb- far better than Diablo 2 -rrb- and be pretty addictive . it do not make a real impact though . a solid action rpg , but nothing really special .
Video_Games	POS	5	buy this game two night ago ... stay up til 1am playing last night ... ton of fun for less then $ 20 buck . Controls take a little time to get use to , but before you know it , you will be a pro . highly recommend .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get the classic white controller about 3 week ago , I want to break into it a little before I write a review . the build quality be amazing , its very durable . never once have a connection problem . I use the controller everyday since I receive it and do not have to charge it until 2 week later , Battery life be insane . the classic white one be more matte finish than the black one , it leave a lot less fingerprint if not any . I love this controller . I recommend the white one , I have try most of the color , I like the white one the most .
Video_Games	POS	5	I remember get final fantasy 7 for playstation because of the hype . it take I week to finish it and when i do i do not really want to play it again . that be like 10 or 12 year ago . I really do not like the look of the cover of gear of war . i think it be too cartony look ; oh boy be i shock . I start off by say this game be very graphic . if you think about go into the service i recommend that you get this game . play online and really see how you fair with other . this game be a strategic , highly detailed game . it be also subliminal . I have over 50 xbox 360 game but i always seem to go back and play gear of war online . ie , I just get grand theft auto iv . play it for a couple of hour . even get the cheat code for some of the car but i go right back to gear and look for that head shot with my sniper . put it like this grand theft auto get a rating of 10 and i think it be because of pay off certain review . gear of war - no advertisment -lrb- such as Halo 3 -rrb- easy get a 12 . this game be 2 year old however gamer still play it online - amazing for a video game that be 2 year old and with such a big market . the greatest game ever make hand down
Video_Games	POS	5	my son love 's it so much and so he friend , that almost all of they play with this headset allow they to play on ` silence ' mode and we do not hear a bit when he be play .
Video_Games	POS	5	mass effect 3 improve upon the combat of the second game slightly , the graphic of the second game , and drastically improve up weapon selection and customization . combat be get closer and closer to other expert 3rd person shoot like uncharted and Gears of War but still do not feel quite as good . the story and voice acting be top notch although if you playing just the 3rd game and not import a character you miss out on ton of option . you constantly force into the worst possible situation with path selection that would have be avoid if you have build relationship with ally in the previous game . you wont even notice the difference unless you watch someone who have a import character . the previous game help in huge unexpected way with most of the game situation and make ton of minus bonus to remind you of everything you have ever do . so its a great game by itself and as a 3rd part of the trilogy its a amazing game . Multiplayer be similar to Killzones multiplayer with random objective poppp up as you play though . although you only fighting wave of AI enemy with a group of 4 there be no Player verse player multiplayer . you have to capture point , download datum , survive wave , assassinate target , make it to evacuation point the whole time fight wave of random spawning soldier from select enemy type from the main game . you then use money earn for each kill to buy pack that contain random item , alien races\/classes to play as , or weapons\/weapon mod . it be very well do and a requirement for the best outcome in single player . play improve the performance of you troops in single player and be the only way to get a strong enough force for the absolute best end although it may be possible with a import character with every quest do i do not know for sure . I do have to mention performance problem on the PS3 version . some movie sequence be choppy on the PS3 but for the most part the gameplay will be pretty close to constant 30 fp until you in intense fight . some level later on do run a little poor with some room run slightly slower constantly even with no fight kinda remind I of how the PS3 version of Crysis 2 be . this be a huge step up over the original mass effect performance so if you have play the whole series on console you can still look back and laugh at how bad it use to be . end good but do not explain the aftermath good enough . but free dlc that further explain the situation for the galaxy have be announce so there be not much to complain about there .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have not play the single player mode yet and i do not know if i ever will . I believe that all the action be in online play . Start up take awhile , a update right off the bat , and then enter the online code and after that i be on my way . this be not cod . to I cod be arcade , run and gun and everyman for himself . Dont get I wrong i love the modern warfare game . this game however be very easy to pick up and play if you be familier with fp 's . I enjoy not get kill every 5 sec . by a noobtube . in this game it be fast paced . you decide how to play . you can go lone gun and spray and pray at anything that move , or you can stick with other member of you team and move forward to complete objective or to just kill the other team . the sound online be pretty good and so be the graphic . its a nice change of pace from the recent cod game . the biggest thing that you have to get use to cod player , there be no kill cam . if you into online play and be look for a solid online shooter to play that be different than cod , then this game be for you .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be simply a beautiful and amazing piece of hardware . have play uncharted , FIFA Soccer and Wipeout 2048 for the last two day now , I can honestly say that Sony have deliver on all the high promise that be make over the last year . most of the thing that other reviewer criticize seem to be unavoidable : of course the battery life have to be much more limited than that of the iPad , and of course a 5-inch screen will not replace you hd-tv . also , in contrast to the iPad , every Vita be heavily sponsor by Sony - time will tell if they ever get they money back . the one thing that I think could and should have be avoid be the low placement of the two analog joystick . this be fix if you buy one of the various `` hand grip '' or `` trigger grip '' - I buy Sony 's for $ 18 , and it fix the problem .
Video_Games	POS	4	Animal Crossing be a great game . I spend hour on it , and I never get bore . there be always a new challenge with this game . I highly recommend it for other .
Video_Games	NEG	2	be a very fun game for the 4 year that I have play it , but I find myself in the past two year get bore of the game too quickly . I figure it be burnout , take a break , then come back 6 month later . nope still feel the same . come back this last time , and the community have just become abhorrent to deal with , new player can not get help throughout the barrage of attack in the trade channel . I do almost get to 84 but feel bore of it too fast , the graphic seem bland . -lrb- Trees remind I or origami tree , no texture -rrb- water remind I of melt plastic . massive phase issue -lrb- have miner bot underground in area and steal mining nodes\/herb node -rrb- no police what so ever . deathw seem to be a non existent threat . several friend have quit since this expansion have come out , and I put my account on hold again , while cancel my daughter account . I think they be try to bring in new customer -lrb- per they report they could not get 70 percent of new account to make it past level 10 -rrb- which be great . they do need to bring in new blood . bad thing be that new blood be get rip apart by its own community . maybe it will change , more than likely not . perhaps Blizzard grow too large ? bigger company do not always equal better . I just hope that when they do release Diablo III that it be not mess up , d2 be a tremendous blast to play .
Video_Games	POS	5	great game , great support from Blizzard in get it to run on my new IMac .
Video_Games	POS	5	Video gaming be one of my favorite activity to do in the lazy time of the day . I be a console stud by heart and have a deep love for the console game . it be for that very reason I be very skeptical work with a video game that only work via a mouse and keyboard . worst of all there be just so many people daily who seem to spam the hell out of other like I say '' get use to it , it be way better ! '' and while this could be consider with game that require keyboard and mouse use such as final fantasy\/etc when it come to game like first person shooter , you learn to grow a deep hate for the w , s , a , and d key . not to mention in the heat of the matter who want to reach halfway across they keyboard to tap r to reload , or hit u to talk , or n to switch weapon ?! I be a shooter by heart and game like Team Fortress 2 , leave 4 dead , Borderlands and call of duty it take much more than just skill master a keyboard . you break you finger on the pad and lose a lot of esteem work that way if you be not into it . it be why that when I have recieve this controller for say game I be in heaven . I have spend week attempt to master the game and even as I have grow use to they the fact have remain I be not a pc gamer . with the mad Catz xbox controller I feel like I have the control again and the edge . most of all I have a one up factor over even the console controller : a smoother compact feel , a more sensitive grip , and full access control map to give I the comfort on which button I feel better with . I will say I be deeply skeptical over get a controller for the pc just as much as play on it . for all I know I be get a piece of junk and that worried I . I be glad to say I have it all wrong and in the end I now have another new console to work with that will provide I another full year of entertainment . : -rrb- a few thing I should mention however about the controller that be not specify be that this be not a exact replica of the 360 's version . this be design to be more compact and the control to remain tighter as a group . the layout be design , in my opinion at the very least , more forward for quicker response and certain button be redesign larger for use of ease such as the left and right bumper . the biggest thing I should mention be the leave and right trigger which be make in a hook like mannor that when tap feel so much greater than the 360 version . the bonus side to all of this be that it do not just stop on the pc though . this controller can also work on you very console provide the same awesome control . a word of advice however to user who be play Team Fortress 2 : in order to gain the full function of you controller you must enter you option menu , go under the keyboard section , go into advanced option and click '' enable developer console '' upon return to the menu press the wave key '' ` '' and then enter on the command `` exec 360controller '' without the '' '' at which point you controller will auto tune to the original control feature on the 360 . for all other game the control easily adjust and can be tune . : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be the best thing that come from the Dreamcast , aside from HOUSE of the dead . this be one of my main reason for get the Dreamcast . the graphic be awesome and the replay to this game be great .  the second installment of the very popular arcade smash Soul Blade , have much better graphic than the first , very fluid fight , new character that rock -lrb- and also a surprise cameo by Tekken 's Yoshimitsu -rrb- . plus a lot of new weapon and fight style like a 3\/4 staff , a sword with a chain attach to it , the Shaolin sword style and even some reture favorite like the short sword and Samurai sword .  this game rock ! I still play this game eventhough the Dreamcast be more or less no more . this be a great game , if yuou have a Dreamcast , you need this game . it be almost a requirement !
Video_Games	POS	5	Xbox live point be a great way to enhance game you purchase for the xbox . I buy the point on amazon . the free shipping make xbox point convenient and cost effective . there be code on the back of the card that be already valid . all you have to do be redeem the code in xbox live . I like to buy my point through amazon because I have have issue with xbox live when I give they my credit card number . on multiple occasion , Xbox live have lock my account because of the point I purchase from they -lrb- if you choose to buy directly on xbox live , it be better to buy once large sum of point -- the xbox fraud unit lock the account if there be multiple small purchase -rrb- . unlock the account involve wait up to a week and multiple phone call to xbox live support . while I appreciate they security , I prefer to avoid the hassle . the 4000 point card allow you to buy many item on xbox live . most arcade game range from about 800 point to 1200 point . add-on range from about 160 point -lrb- for Rock Band song -rrb- to 1600 point for very-large add-on . its a good denomination because it last for several week . there be some great xbox live `` arcade '' game . many xbox 360 game offer additional character , level , mission , and other add-on material that can make a great game even better . but xbox point can be use for more than just game add-on . Xbox live offer movie , music , and avatar item . everything you buy on xbox live be save in you download history . so even if you delete it to make room in you hard drive , it be available to be download again . personally , I find xbox point to be a great investment that allow I to unlock the game I purchase for many additional hour of play . for you entertainment dollar , expand you favorite game be win proposition .
Video_Games	POS	5	the PlayStation 3 dualshock 3 Wireless Controller be use to replace my orginal controller , order the PS 3 dualshock 3 Wireless Controller from Amazon.com be very easy and friendly useful . I receive the item 3 day before the arrival date , will order agaian , and again whenever I need any new product , I would receive a 20 % discount base on retail pricing .
Video_Games	POS	4	I be not much of a shoot 'em up and slash and burn type of gamer so this game really click well with I . I always print out the walkthrough and use it as a guide , but you really do not need any help because if you be stump , there be a help button that you can click to get lot of help with the puzzle . the graphic be great and the storyline believable . the ending be a bit anti-climactic , but I enjoy it overall .
Video_Games	POS	5	my husband buy this game , and completely enjoy it ! he love the action and the whole pirate theme . the only problem he have be that we anti-virus cause the game to crash at the start up . we have AVG free edition , and switch to the Avast -lrb- free edition -rrb- . that fix the crash . the company that sell the game deliver the disk in a quick amount of time and in good condition . very happy with the purchase . : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be one of the funnest game i ever play konamus co. it be a 3rd person view game that you need alot of stratigie to beat . its challenging and keep u there for hour . however i do have a complaint ... . . as soon as u beat the game on campain u want to play online ... . so i beat it and i want to move foward so i go online and i need to laod a couple of file it take a day and a half to do it and plus my ps3 be go to over heat . then when that be over i play and it be very difficult to play and level up . i think to level up u need to be play for a certain amount of time and not expirence . i think this be stupid cuz u need to stay on for like 15 hour to level up . and also u need to pay for alot of money for extra feature . but wat i thought be cool be u can make ur own guy online and make he look `` pimp '' . but sometimes u need to pay . so i enjoy the campaign not the online . hope u have fun either way ! sorry for miss spelling in a rush peace
Video_Games	POS	5	this game rock but it be little bit easy but dont get I wrong or anything but the hedge maze be hard but the end be funny .
Video_Games	POS	5	the bundle pack be the way to purchase this item and wait until to see the best pricing ! it be well worth it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have both the Logitech microphone and the rebrand `` Konami '' version of the same microphone that come bundle with Karaoke Revolution American Idol edition . they work great so far , but I have only have they for a week , and be a bit scared of the seemingly high failure rate of the mic after a few weeks\/months . we 'll just have to wait and see ! these mic be a bit lighter and cheaper feeling than the SingStar mic -lrb- which be not compatible with Karaoke Revolution -rrb- . the cord be super long , which be pretty nice if you want to move around . I keep they wrap up when everyone 's just sit on the couch to play . oh , and just for kick , I plug in the mic into my iMac . it detect immediately as a Logitech usb microphone and it work great !
Video_Games	NEU	3	be smitten by turtle -lrb- why I have no idea -rrb- , I think this would be a humorous addition to my computer desk . sadly , it give up the ghost after only 6 week of use .
Video_Games	NEU	3	until recently , I be a pc gamer for 30 + year . that be until I buy my first gaming console -lrb- PS3 -rrb- . after several attempt of try to play black op , I decide that the transition to a game controler be not work out . use a game controller for I be like try to hit a move target while aim through a mirror that be also move . I decide to buy a after market game controller for my PS3 that use a mouse and controller . after some research , I choose the AIMON PS base on review I would read here and else where on the internet . the unit arrive in a few day . after read the very sparse instruction and attempt to use the controller I find it be not be recognize by my system . I go to the website and download the manual and after follow it very carefully , I still could not get the controller to work . I be begin to think that maybe I would waste my money . I go to the forum section and read the post there and find that I need to plug the wireless dongle into my pc 's usb port -lrb- you do this while press a very small button and release it once it be insert something my fat finger have a hard time with -rrb- and download the latest firmware . this do the trick . after set up the controller\/mouse sensitivity to my liking , I go about play `` uncharted 2 . '' first let I say that the response time be excellent . there be no lag that I could detect . this be surprising since I sit about 8 foot away from my 60 '' hdtv . bottom line , while it take I some time to get use to the controller , it be definately easier to use than the game controller that come with the system . my rating would have be higher if not for the poor instruction that come with the controller . they definately need to work on improve that .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be easily one of the best controller you can buy , period . it be comfortable and incredibly durable . I own one of the original model that Logitech have release for this controller , and it have serve I well for almost 5 year and have survive 2 move and countless drop . it finally die on I a couple month back , but consider the usage I get out of it and the abuse I put it through -lrb- I game a lot -rrb- I can hardly complain . I be ask for another one for Christmas from my friend , it be that great . I even pick up a ps2 to usb adapter and find it work just as well as a pc controller . the range on it be fantastic , I have use it from more than 30 ft away , through multiple room and it still work with pretty much 0 latency . if you need a solid , reliabe ps2 -lrb- or pc game controller , provide you pick up a  Playstation 2 to PC usb Gamepad Converter  I always try and buy Logitech peripheral when I can , and the success I have have with this controller be a good part of the reason why -lrb- and I have yet to be disappointed ! -rrb- .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game rock ! it be a little different from Super Mario Kart for SNES and Mario Kart 64 in that there be two character per kart , but there inly the fun ! twice the question block , more strategy -lrb- as far as when to release you item vs when to hold on to they -rrb- and add feature like have a second player controll one of the character -lrb- allow you back character to punch other kart -rrb- . New course be a lot of fun and cgus characte be a exciting challenge in the 150cc race .
Video_Games	POS	4	overall I like it . the right knob where you can adjust the tension help a lot in aim . I also like how the tension reduce the likely hood of you push down to hard and then melee or crouch if play call of duty . I do not like how the trigger be place so close to the right bumper as well as the shape of the trigger , both of which make you push the right bumper accidentally to much . I also think you could remap all the button , but it be just the two new bumper . another advantage this controller be how the color button be easier to push .
Video_Games	POS	5	amazing , even more than amazing . since I buy it I enjoy play COD till max . I use to hate to play free for all but now its a pleasure . just get ninja pro . I recommend you to try it .
Video_Games	POS	5	very nice product . perfect for watch dvd 's on you xbox . thanx
Video_Games	POS	5	this review be come from a 32 year old woman who prefer simple side-scroller like Mario . I usually do not like RPG 's , but this game have such great review I decide to give it a try . plus there be a limited number of 3d game out there at the time and I want to expand my library . firstly , you should know that this game barely utilize the 3d function of the 3d . it be only use in the opening scene and when you fuse demon . I find this very disappointing at first , but the sheer awesomeness of the game soon make I forget about the 3d . I do not play video game much now that I be a adult and do not have a ton of free time , but this game have I addict ! I have not be this addict since pokemon first come out . the story be fantastic and keep you engage , they teach you the control gradually so it be not too complicate to learn , and the demon auction and fusion keep the ` addictive collector ' in I satiated . the voice acting be terrific ; usually you do not get this much dialogue in a game . I like that you do not have to read all of the dialogue if you do not want to ; just sit back and let the character talk . I will say there be a learning curve as with most game . after have to re-start 2 time already , I have learn to save my progress multiple time just in case I make a stupid decision when fuse demon or buy the wrong demon or something . it be a pain to start over after put in 8 hour of gameplay . it can be easy to ` paint yourself into a corner ' so to speak if you do not know what you be do at first . so I hope my review help you decide if you want to purchase this game . really , I do not think you can go wrong with this one !
Video_Games	POS	5	I have be play this game for a couple hour after pick it up at Walmart . the bundle come with Sports Champions game , move controller , PS eye , and a demo disk of some other move title . it be all easy to set up . the game on Sports Champions be very fun . Table tennis be a blast , and I still can not believe the accuracy of the move . put spin on the ball be a blast and I love how you can hit it soft or hard . disk Golf , Archery , and Gladiator duel be the only other game on Sports Champions I try , but they be all fun . I have two move controller , and play Gladiator duel and Archery be a blast . after 15 minute of Gladiator duel I be sweating big time . the Shoot be include on the demo disk and I enjoy it , I 'll pick it up when it hit store in October . the move be way more accurate than the Wii , which bring in more fun . it be also nice to have hd graphic , that be another thing that I hate with the Wii . yes it be a little more money than a Wii , but it be worth it and its just a better product . if you be on the fence about this or you love Wii , go pick this up . very fun !
Video_Games	POS	5	even though the graphic like everyone know can not be compare with PS3 and XBOX360 , the human-machine interface make up for the rest . now that I have play this game in the WII , I can ` t imagine go back to the traditional control ... you get much more involve in the game this way ... great game , great platform
Video_Games	POS	5	it be a great game , it have amazing detail and scenery , ton of different thing to do , very customizable character , i play this game every day and it never get hold . its a great game if you have the money , as it be somewhat spendy , but well worth it in my opinion if you like rpg 's you will fall in love with world of Warcraft . the burning crusade expansion add ton of extra to the game as well . definitely a great buy
Video_Games	POS	5	amazing , still not up for sale , and i will admit I be one of those 8 hour ago hit f5 . what a bunch of crap . I have to admit if they do not go on sale before the end of Sunday morning , I will be a bit frustrated with Amazon.com
Video_Games	NEG	1	I request this game base on the majority of good review at the time . it be very hard for I to even get it start , it seem to go in circle ask I the same info , and then it want I to work out on Mon and Thurs and it be Tues so I have to figure that out . I then go to the tutorial . the `` instructor '' go from one very easy move of step forward which I could master to step on a more diagonal path , bend you knee and swing you arm all at once without go slowly to figure it out . even though I stand there not move it somehow decide I be do the step correctly and finish . in my opinion the tutorial do not teach you the step . I stop play this game just more confused then I leave my first Zumba class , at least in the class I could copy the person next to I .
Video_Games	POS	5	I play this game at MY FRIENDS HOUSE and it be the best ever . I could not stop play this game . MY FAVORITE ANIMAL in the game be the polar bear . I freeform mode because you have unlimited money . I also love the giant PANDA !! beaver be interesting BEACAUSE you can watch THEM BUILD THEIR DAMS . love this game !! I would RECCOMEND THIS GAME for AGES 7-ADULT !!! bye !!
Video_Games	POS	5	I recently get this game for my 2 girl , age 5 and 3 , and it be one of they absolute favorite ! they love the `` strike up the band '' song at the beginning and have it memorize . they love choose outfit , groom the animal , and decorate the float . they ask to play this game all the time ! I highly recommend this game for any girl !
Video_Games	POS	4	this product be great for get the full flight experience . if turn up the weather scenery and graphic airport weather and the water look almost as high quality as flight simulator x. the only thing that I be bume about be no concord !!! . I think that if its go to say 100 year of flight the concord should be in there . the plane selection be very good though with plane rangee from the wright flyer to the boeing 747 400 also lot of airline to choose from ! . tip go to denver new tokyo airport narita I think and princess julianna international airport those be some high detail airport . overall this be a very good product .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my 8 year old son , who do not like to exercise . we have a great time play this game together and it be definitely a very good exercise as well -lrb- to the point of sweating and be out of breath -rrb- . I highly recommend this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	work well its pretty much the same as the old one but supposedly `` better and faster '' i dont see any difference , the only reason i buy one be because my white network adapter get a short circuit and microsoft refuse to take any ownership in the fail of they product . i figure i spend 100 dollar on the original white one that short on I why should i spend another 60 for one that will fail as well . i purchase the new one in hope it would be better and not fail after 6short month , it hasnt yet after 3 so i guess it do what its suppose to . if you have the ability though you be better off connect straight into you moderm via ethernet cable . if you can do that dont waste you money , if youre like I and cant then go ahead and buy this one or the white one , not much of a difference as far as i can see .
Video_Games	POS	5	I admit to be age 65 and love fairy tale , Candyland , etc. , which I play with my three daughter -lrb- all grow now -rrb- . I get Candyland in a Cheerios Box and send it to my granddaughter then buy another box and try it myself . I really love it as a relaxer and build the ice cream sundae be FUN ! you be never too old !
Video_Games	POS	5	mass effect 3 , be a incredible accomplishment in the video game arena . no other game series have create such emotion from it be fan . incredible graphics\/animation\/sound Production\/Music . everything be world class . so you may be ask yourself `` self . . why be not this rate 5 star on Amazon !! '' the answer be simple really , people have a hard time let go of the incredible world that Bioware have create . once you complete the adventure you realize the series be over . . and you have to go back to the real world , or better yet a message board to complain on . Bioware have already announce a enhance epilogue type dlc . support Bioware , buy this game . you will not be sorry .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get a psp yesterday , and I already be a pro . by read the review here and google all the information about encode video and add music and photo , I already have educate myself in PSP use . I use psp video 9 and Plato dvd to psp to convert dvd and video clip to psp format -lrb- when I be use the family pc -rrb- and I use ffmpegx for Mac OS X 10.3.9 when I use my iBook . the problem I first face be bitrate : I be encode video @ more than 2000kbps which render they ` unsupported ' by the psp . so , I reconvert use 768kbp and then everything be fine . I be try to make my video look extremely well , but 768kbp be more than enough clarity on the screen . I use 64-128kbps with audio and 24000khz . -lrb- a tip : the video encoder must be xvid or h. 264\/avc and the audio must be aac\/mpeg -4 -rrb- . Google video be AVC\/H .264 for reference . the file must be m4v0xxxx . mp4 in folder 100mnv01 in the MP_ROOT folder on the memory Stick pro Duo for mpeg-4 video , and maq0xxxx . mp4 in folder 100anv01 in the MP_ROOT folder of the card for avc\/h .264 video . if not capitalize , the PSP will not read the file . I be use psp firmware 3.03 , which I recommend unless you be homebrew , which I do not suggest . overall , I have a ipod shuffle 2nd generation for $ 80 , so I do not need a iPod Video . I get the PSP if I ever want to play a real game , but mostly I get it for video . I have the tip drill video by Nelly on it and I love the quality . I would never buy a iPod Video . my friend have one and the quality be not optimal , and I think the screen be a little small . the psp display video wonderfully , and with my Gameshark PSP movie kit , I get rich sound and a dock\/stand for just $ 20 . so the psp be a great buy ; you just have to actually put in more than a baby step of effort and less complain to use it -- which be not a problem at all .
Video_Games	NEG	2	after play just Dance 1 and 2 this game be below average . you do not know what move be come up and the music be not what I expect . when I take a Zumba class they have popular\/upbeat music and this game do not . also , the remote do not stay in the belt very good and do not pick up the movement on the wius . I get more exercise with just Dance and have much more fun in the process . I be look forward to just Dance 3 in October .
Video_Games	NEG	1	ea have lose I as a customer . since when do buy a product mean you cant use it forever . I have have to reformat my hard drive over three time and I do it on a regular basis to have a fresh os . now I be tell that I will no longer be able to do that and install this game over 3 time ??? this be spore , they will make million off of this game and have no reason to worry about copyright infringement all at the cost of the customer who actually do buy the game . I be very frustrated and extremely disappointed .
Video_Games	POS	5	a beautiful , antique carousel be mysteriously start up in the dead of night . be it a ghost ... or be it more then it seem ? in this adorable adventure star you as teen sleuth Nancy Drew , you explore Captin 's Cove , a amusement park in New Jersey suffer from a few ... problem .  as you move throughout the park , you will have to solve various puzzle to advance deeper into the game . sometimes , it will only take a phone call to dig up a clue , but other time , you will have to do thing like decipher shorthand write to advance -lrb- do not worry , you 'll have plenty of help -rrb- .  to warn veteran player , some thing have change in this installment . this time around , you have e-mail and a cell phone to aid you with you case . you will be able to use this cell phone anywhere but , unlike the other game , you will have to depend on it a lot more .  i think that the 7 location in this game be well think out and plan . the same thing go for the 4 main character , who , as you interrogate they , will all have a motive and all seem like they be the culprit . the music , though somewhat scary at time , only add to the overall flavor of the game .  though it only take I 1 day to complete , I think it be great ! if you be a parent you will also love it . unlike some of the other computer game out on the market , this one let you kid have fun , while they learn .  the only complaint I have about Nancy Drew and the Hanuted Carousel be that it be too short , I guess time fly when you have fun !
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be awesome ! have a great time clear the game in a week , already start my 2nd play-trough and plan a 3rd afterward with a more lethal apporoach . nice pre-order dlc package too !
Video_Games	POS	5	great game , plus replay the game be just as good . the bonus item that you get to use be very good . New weapon , new magic and a fire item that add extra damage to you blade . if you love God of War , you will really enjoy the story of Kratos search for he brother .
Video_Games	NEG	1	it control similar to DOA game . just another button mashing game . sure the fan of the xbox will praise it cause this be one of the very very few game that carry the crap system besides Halo . the game 's graphic be ok . nothing spectacular .  xbox suck
Video_Games	POS	5	just buy this for my girlfriend brother as a birthday gift . very easy to use , although the interface could use a little bit of work . I wish there be a faster way to activate\/deactivate a mass of cheat , but oh well . besides that , its be great . very fast install , get cheat for game be as simple as drag and drop stuff . definitely worth buying .
Video_Games	NEG	1	good game , but annoying and intrusive copy protection . when will publisher learn not to punish honest customer ?
Video_Games	POS	5	I have be a fan of the ea Sports NHL series since 1994 , when I buy nhl hockey 95 on cd-rom . due to my be a research nomad at the moment I do not play pc game anymore , but I do own a psp for which I buy nhl 07 the first day it come out in England . after have play several match , my first impression be \/ very \/ positive . the first thing you will notice be that the music be superb , go in the direction of rock , indie , and metal . secondly , you will be please by the in-game commentary by Jim Houston and Craig Simpson who add story about famous rivalry between the team currently play , or about the player who just shoot a goal . this really make the game as real as see hockey live on tv . in addition to the nhl team , there be now also the team from the Czech , finnish , german , and Swedish league -lrb- with licence for player name and team outfit -rrb- , as well as several national side -lrb- without licence -rrb- . this just add to the fascination . most importantly , the gameplay be excellent and just feel like real hockey . I be very impress by this game and glad I buy it . a great experience for any hockey fan !
Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy this headset for my son despite the bad review and regret it . this item work for almost a week and then the sound start cut in and out , now my son say it do not work at all . it be a good price but you will not have a headset after a week or two . do yourself a favor and opt for a better quality item .
Video_Games	POS	4	I 'll start off by say that the game have a number of improvement over fable ii - but some thing that be specifically address just do not seem to have \* really \* be fix . as the title state - I do not really understand why female hero have to be so incredibly large . it be really out of place , and Peter Molyneux specifically say that in this game we would not look like `` slightly different look man '' . Make no mistake , we still do , and at the start there be even a cross-dressing quest so I do not really think he take the complaint seriously . you will still grow taller and generally larger than everyone , and you will still look manly in 90 % of the outfit in the game . the second thing I do not like be this hand-holding business . it seem like there be just \* too much \* of it . it be cute once or twice in appropriate situation -lrb- like lead a child home -rrb- , but it be get to the point where it be just creepy in some of the quest . it be gimmicky , and while it be a interesting dynamic I just feel it be overuse and not necessary -lrb- like when you be escort a grown man you be not in a relationship with through a tunnel or to another town ... -rrb- the Sanctuary take the place of the standard rpg-style menu be incredibly innovative and actually responsive . I have concern when they be first talk about it , but it load immediately and I have yet to lock up while visit any of the room . I sometimes miss the menu , but I think that be just the old school RPG ` er in I . Relationships be slightly more interesting -lrb- and there be some better-looking people now too -rrb- - with folk actually send you on fetch-style quest before take next step . it be a little more realistic , but it be not really what I be hope for -lrb- a relationship that grow over time rather than a few emote , a fast travel trip to another town and a cheap ring -rrb- . the interaction seem to be limit to one on one , which be a improvement over the last game . it be sometimes annoying to be court one person , and end up with the entire town in love with you . they should have keep the old style of selecting which emote to use as well - one can only take so much pat-a-cake before gouge one 's eye out ... Jobs be still here , and this time they actually take a little more hand-eye coordination than just mash the a button at a certain time . you progress in job be link directly to the storyline - and honestly I do not really care much for that either . too much be tie to the storyline - you will have to progress to a certain point before you can start do the side thing like buy business and make more money at job . I see what they be try to do , but it feel a little too linear and less open than the last game . I feel like I have to do the story , and to be quite honest I be not really feel it . Peter must be daft if he think the last story be somehow more forgettable than this one . at least the last one be not such a tired and stale `` tyrant oppress the people hero rise to overthrow tyrant '' standard . fable II 's story I actually think be interesting and original , and certainly more think out than this one . they do reuse a lot of the voice act from the previous game . I do not know if it be intentional to give the long time fan a sense of familiarity or if it be just laziness , but it be there and I think it be worth mention . the other thing I will mention regard the voice acting be the script be a lot funnier . fable ii be funny , but this game be even better in that respect . I literally spit out drink on some of the butler 's quip in the sanctuary -lrb- like when approach the mannequin naked or leave while in a chicken suit -rrb- . it make the lack of a original and interesting story all the more lamentable . all in all , it be still a fun game to play if you enjoy the fable series , but they regress in enough place that I can not in good conscience give this game a full five star rating . four star be a good rating -lrb- and maybe even too generous -rrb- - lot of great stuff in this game , but some area where they still need to improve .
Video_Games	POS	4	these wireless headphone be incredible . directional sound allow you to hear noise behind and beside you in the game . only drawback be that it eat battery every 3-4 hour of use .
Video_Games	POS	4	the disk be in great condition and it come with a password for free downloadable content . I love the 40 's and 50 's . ive boughten propaganda poster , and m-14 airsoft gun , 1950 's donation can a I love old show like Alfred Hitchcock present and the Twilight Zone . especially old detective show !!! this game put you in the action with the freedom of a Grand theft auto game . with new face technology you decide whose guilty . get the game !
Video_Games	POS	5	ever since I buy this , I play it all the time . it be by far the most run game on my computer , and I have literally dozen to choose from .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy a sharpshooter , a mini controller -lrb- whatever they be call -rrb- really only to play with this game . they do not work . at all . so , 2 star off for that . at least with kz3 you can fully customize how the move \/ sharpshooter work , with this -lrb- as far as what happen when you hit the iron sight button -rrb- you just can not . and it do not work . in short , do not even consider use this with a sharpshooter . I have really try to make it work , but no luck . once you hit the ironsight -lrb- zoom -rrb- button , forgehdaboudit . also , this be a completely different game than Res 1 and 2 . and , the problem be , that I really like resistance 1 and 2 . the two player split screen be horrible . it split you tv in half horizontally -lrb- the opposite of Res 1 -rrb- and it just come off feeling cramp . very uncomfortable . res1 work perfectly , no clue why they feel the need to change it . also -lrb- spoiler ? -rrb- : -rrb- let I ruin the game for you : every scene go like this . where be we suppose to go ? ahhh ! TOO MANY MONSTERS ! ! ! ! they be all dead ? ok . . where do I go next ? whereas Res 1 and 2 have you choose cover and take enemy out with headshot -lrb- my style -rrb- this be MONSTER MONSTER BUM RUSH BUM rush constantly . some people might call it `` intense '' . . I call it `` overwhelming-to-the-point-of-constant-frustration . '' -lrb- really ? I get hit by the 10 monster behind I because I be shoot the 20 monster in front of I ? yeah . . that be fair ! -rrb- : -rrb- my son and I be try to get through it , but tonight even he say . . `` wow , this game just be not very good , be it . . '' so , 1 star off for . . not match up to the joy that be 1 and 2 . finally , 1 more star off for this : the swearing . I know it be not for kid , neither be 1 or 2 . . but there be -lrb- comparably -rrb- very little swearing in 1 and 2 . plus , 1 and 2 be so good you could `` forgive '' it here and there . . this be not a very good game and it be back up by a annoying sound track of cuss word for no reason . Boo . so , here end another 1 star review . keep in mind I purchase many other product and game and be quite happy with they -lrb- and usually do not review they as there be enough positive review out there for you to read and help in you decision make . -rrb- I tend to only post review when I feel that the other side really need to be say in case you be try to make a purchase decision . in this case , I would highly recommend a rent or wait until you can get it use for 30 , especially if you be not into multiplayer like I . mho .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have read many bad review for this game , but I think what it really come down to be the graphic . they be not great and a little dated , but so what the game be fun and have a great storyline . I do not have xbox and play Halo 3 with my brother in-law when I go to he house . I have a hard time with the game because I have trouble see the enemy . in this game they be easy to spot and stand out easily . basically if you like Halo and the storyline buy the game , it require a good computer to play for some reason , base on the graphic and stuff it do not make sense to I . great game overall .
Video_Games	POS	5	the game Dragon 's dogma be much better . why ? this game have more skill and class . when it night time , more powerful monster will appear . ZOMBIE FTW !!!!!
Video_Games	NEG	1	its basically a very boring game . add\/change\/lengthen \/ shorten\/widen the leg , foot , face , eye etc and then off u go and hunt and procreate and build a village and enlarge it and bring war\/diplomacy to other villages\/cities and then conquer the entire world and then the whole universe -- equal boring
Video_Games	POS	4	great game for history gamer . the control be easy to adapt to , I be able to start play right away . my only issue be that it be very hard to move up a level and each level be much more challanging than the last . but overall a great game .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I buy it because the wife and kid want one . I could not convince they to go Xbox , but I certainly try . wow , the graphic on some of these game look so dated !
Video_Games	POS	5	my 8 , 6 , and 4 yr old all love and can play this game with confidence . some of the other ds game be more difficult and my younger child become more frustrated . the Super Mario game be a perfect game for young child !
Video_Games	NEG	1	terrible purchase . Laggy render speed -lrb- think Powerpoint -rrb- , horrible interface , boring concept . there be more fun in open-source and you do not have to put up with ea do the DRM thing . talk about not be able to take a clue from they customer base . Sheesh . gg ea .
Video_Games	POS	5	much better , in my humble opinion , than the original game . more trigger for scary moment , and just a over-all excellent game ! so turn off the light , up you volume , and play .
Video_Games	POS	5	fable iii live up to the expectation and pass they by a million mile . this be the best game in the fable series . I can not believe some of the stuff that they do that make fable iii the great game that it be . this be my first pre-order ever , and it be a perfect game to start . fable iii have great story , great graphic , great physics and so much more that be great ! the new spell system be awesome , you wear gauntlet that allow you to channel the will power inside of you . you can also now `` weave '' spell together to make a combo-spell that effect the enemy 2 way , e.g. do not like just burn guy ? do not like just zap 'n em ? do both ! I love the new `` Gooey '' system , no more 2d list to choose you weapon from , now you go to a place call the sanctuary to change you weapon , clothing , etc. . Weapon modify work better than I have hope , the weapon really change accord to how you use they . New interact with ai be amazing to say the least , hold hand bring a new element to fable . you know that time in fable ii when you someone to follow you but they get scare of you or do not want to follow ? well now you can just grab be and drag be . you can now interact with people online better . you can become business partner with people online , you can even marry they -lrb- in the game of course -rrb- ! very good choice of voice . to list just some of they : John Cleese -lrb- Monty Python , James Bond , Harry Potter , Shrek 1,2 and 3 , the Pink panther 2 , and more ! -rrb- , Bernard Hill -lrb- Titanic , Lord of the ring , and more ! -rrb- , Zoe Wanamaker -lrb- Harry Potter , my Family , and more ! -rrb- , Sir Ben Kingsley -lrb- fear be the key , Gandhi , without a Clue , and more ! -rrb- , and many more ! and now a say on the limited edition . I be happy to say that they do NOT cut anything out like they have to in fable ii because of cost . I love the extra thing that come with the limited edition . the special coin look very like a coin out of fable and can be helpful for that neutral character you have for decide to take the good choice or the evil choice -lrb- you can use a regular coin I guess but this one look cooler ! -rrb- . the deck of card be very nice and look like the virtual card in fable ii pub game in the old paper look and show a lot of different character possibility . the `` book '' that you keep the game in be very nice look and keep the game , coin and card safe . the book be real , faux leather-bound . a magnet keep the cover on and another keep the `` secret drawer '' close . the `` secret drawer '' be where you special stuff be . you open the top and there be you game , but where be the extra ? pull the bottom down and there be a drawer that hold you stuff . the `` book '' can also be cover with the cardboard sleeve . it have the fable iii logo on top , the picture on the front , detail on the back and a smash chicken on the bottom -lrb- no really ! -rrb- . the code for the extra be great ; a new quest , that I will not spoil , new location -lrb- where you get a great house that never fall into disrepair -rrb- , a unique outfit , new weapon and a new boxer dog breed ! the limited edition be way worth the extra money . I be so happy that this game live up to it be hype and to the fable name . I be look forward for every fable game to come . if there be a hundred star rating this game would have it . thank you so much for the next perfect game , in the perfect series Lionhead .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be so mad to Amazon because I order this a month ago but I still have not receive it . i be not satisfy as a customer .
Video_Games	POS	5	my mom be 60 yr old and just love this xbox 360 game ... go to show the classic game never die no matter how its play ... get buy !!!
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game look great . worked half ass for the first 2 hour then gun will not calibrate for the last 30 min . biggest p.o.s game i have come across yet . take it back right now .
Video_Games	POS	4	I be sure that other have cover the basic mechanic by now , so I 'll spare anyone who read my opinion from have to read they again . this be also spoiler free . combat : this be the high point of the game for I . it be be a very long time since I play a handheld rpg that the dev team actually go out of they way to make combat more than a tedious chore . the turn\/grid base strategy combat system be so fun for I I actually go out of my way to change up my team to try out new thing . not that there be not a `` golden team '' that be more powerful than other in a majority of situation , like most rpg with multiple party member , but there be no character that be terrible enough to bench permanently . one of the best part about combat be that if you do not feel like fight you can skip every single non-boss encounter in the game by stunning , run and dodge . and if you be good enough at the combat mechanic the lack of level will not hurt you progression . I love it when a game let 's I make decision on what be fun at the time , rather than force I to slog through whatever be not . another nice thing be that you can go back in time to any fight you want and try it again with a different set up just for fun without have to restart the entire game to do so . I wish more game would allow this . story : personally , the story start out interesting but quickly sink into stereotypical theme . it might be fresh for someone who have not play a lot of jrpg , but if you have I would be very surprised if you be unable to guess every single plot twist come from a mile away . the foreshadowing be so constant that I find myself wish the writer would just present the twist already and spare I another crappy moment of `` oh it could not be this thing that it be '' . I also do not like the fact that some bit of the plot come out of nowhere , seemingly write in at the last second to cover a generic rpg trope . no offense to those who find the same old stuff find in countless other games\/books\/movies comforting . it be just not my thing . the time travel via node system seem pretty exciting at first , but that fade away quickly when I realize that the story be still linear . at certain point you will be ask to make one of two choice . sometimes it will not be obvious that one trivial decision will lead to certain doom , but it will . and after you have make this decision it be game over , back to the start of the chapter , press start to skip , go back to Historia to select the right node , etc. . player be encourage to view every bad end with the promise of a special ending , but as it be with the rest of the story it be easy to guess what change by simply view the normal ending and have basic knowledge of usual rpg plot twist . I honestly feel like I waste my time on it and wish I have cheat by use a list to save myself the effort . my main complaint about the story be that this game have the illusion of choice without actually have any to make , because there be always just one right decision . A.k.a. the `` true history '' as it be explain on the back of the box . I prefer to be give choice . music\/graphics : because the review would not be complete without it . the music be pretty nice and the piano version on the CD , if you be able to pick up a game from the original print run , be very pretty . I also like the sprite quite a bit , but that be just my taste . I can see someone who prefer 3d not like it , but say the graphic be terrible just because the art be 2d be silly . overall I like the gameplay quite a bit . if you like fun combat , or even the choice of run away , I would recommend it . however , if you play rpg for the story and be look for something new and interesting it might be better to pick this one up use .
Video_Games	POS	5	very addictive game . lot of fun , so far this be my favorite game . the music go quite well with the different competition . great deal for $ 20 .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I be pleasantly surprise when Bethesda take over this series and do such a good job of it in Fallout 3 . they keep most of the thing that make the series great originally . that surreal mix of 1950 's \/ early 60 's patriotism and stark , cynical and tragic reality of a atomic apocalypse . brutal , funny , sad and touch all roll into one . it have bug but overall be a great game . when I hear about Fallout : New Vegas come out , I be excite to get into the game world again , this time in a retro combo of the Old West and rat pack style Vegas during it be heyday . a great idea . it \* mostly \* do justice to what it promise . a few thing have change this time around , most obviously in a more streamlined craft system and various new weapon and ammo type . there be a few new perk and such as well , but nothing too extremely different . I find I have a lot more bug in this game . not unworkable but much more than in Fallout 3 . the landscape be mostly desert , and not too impressive . they should have take a few tip from Red Dead Redemption in a South Western U.S. style landscape . Vegas be separate into different mini-town but except for one or two location , be not very impressive either . many of the cool little detail that make it fun to explore in Fallout 3 be miss here , with a few exception . overall , this give I the feel of a rush game . one they skip on detail with in order to get it out faster . the famous radio station be there , with the main one be Radio New Vegas . the famous Wayne Newton supply the voice this time . I think that would be a cool thing but compare to three dog , he be just not cut it . the radio music be not nearly as well plan as previously either and become annoying fairly fast -lrb- unless you be really into classic country -rrb- . all in all , it be a fun game but I would recommend wait till the price go down .
Video_Games	POS	4	when I first start it be way easy , but I still like it . my favorite part be when we can dress she , do hair , make-up and nail . I love to watch the movie at the end that show how they look . I be 5 and I have plave this game a lot ! -lrb- type by mom -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	4	I get this game a year ago , and it be the first creature game I have ever buy . I have be read review for it for a month , and buy it . when I install the game and start play it , it be great !! the Norns be very cute -lrb- even if the only facial expression they show be happyness -rrb- , the ettin steal almost every object on the ship and bring it back to it be home area -lrb- the ettin be my favorite creature to watch , I catch it steal some machinary and tell it to drop it , and it just look at the screen and make a big , cheezy grin at I -rrb- , and the grendle be horrifying ! the only bad thing about this game be the creator , it let you put new object you download on the internet in the game , but you need something call bioenergy ... and ... um ... the power up . -lrb- note : many creature user at the creature newsgroup dislike the power up in creature 2 . creature Labs do not know when to stop : - d -rrb- I be look foward to the Docking Station add-on creature Labs will be release for free ! -lrb- you do not need creature 3 to run it , but it dock with it if you have it . -rrb- if you want to buy this game , I recomend that you buy the Creatures trilogy in the game . it include c1 , c2 , and c3 all together ! get this game , or the other game , now !
Video_Games	POS	5	this be simply one of the best game I have ever play . I think it would be kind of dull with only 1 major weapon , but this game be great . this be the best game that LucasArts have ever put out . you will not be disappoint .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great color gaming system that broght the fun of most of the game of sega 's genisis to a pocket version . the color graphic blow away any of it be competition at the time -lrb- except for the 16bit atarus lynx system , highly overlook -rrb- , and should have lay waiste to the gameboy , except for the marketing and pricing . it be tough to believe that the survivor from this time period be the gameboy . this be family friendly , still readily available and with many title in most use gaming store . very well worth look at and buy for younger kid that may not be ready for a psp . this have a few more maturer game for the pre-teens as well , so they can continue to devlop they interest beyond bubble bobble and kirby -lrb- even though bubble bobble be excellet , a classic -rrb- . Worth look at .
Video_Games	POS	4	if you own a xbox 360 , and you want to play Xbox Live , this be a great product to have .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the DRM scheme only allow three install . I have have to reinstall sims2 more than 6 time on my computer . this make the game effectively a rental . with report of securerom disable computer dvd drive it be a extremely costly rental at that . this item be a return before installation and will not be repurchase unless ea remove the DRM .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be so excite when I receive SSH on my birthday . this game be definately a step up on the difficulty level for the Nancy Drew game , but it be definately worth it . if you have play any of the Nancy Drew game , you 'll understand what I mean . there may be more task and puzzle to solve , but they be all worth it for the last scene in the game . -lrb- which I will not give away -rrb- . SSH be definately worth you money , and with two difficulty level , you can play it over and over again . two thumb up !!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	the product be receive accord to the list in excellent condition and on time . I be satisfy because it be a good purchase and good gift tk .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the Xbox verson be , in my opinion , much better for single player . as for multiplayer , the new addition be fun and all but well , they dont truely beef up the expereince that much -lrb- with the exception of the banshee of course -rrb- . however , for LAN party there be very few game that can compare . there be nothing quite like rush you neighbor 's base and kill he entire team with a armada of banshee on blood gultch . if youre a big LAN Partier definetly get this game . otherwise , buy it for the Xbox and hook up Gamespy tunnel
Video_Games	POS	5	I hook this up to my Vista PC and can use my xbox 360 controller to play game on the pc . I have use it on the new Halo 2 for Vista and it play just like the console . Worth every penny .
Video_Games	POS	5	what else be there to expect ? : d plug in on receipt and be play instantly . . awesome : -rrb- . . already own a wireless but want a wire also : -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	2	well i use they all the time love they but the head set be brand nue and i be have problem with it right out of the box the wire that plug in to the head set do not stay in the mount be sink in to far to receive the contact to get it to work so i shod send they back to get a another one i wish thy wer wire in or they can sell 2 model one wire one wireless for the x box 360 and that shod be battery shod be re charge they do not
Video_Games	POS	5	my son love car anything , and he love play video game , so I think he would really enjoy this . he just turn 5 , and he do not play the Wii game system much , so he have some difficulty use the controller , since he be use to the playstation controller . he do get a little frustrated while try to play the different game but only because of the controller , not the game itself . other than that , it be a pretty fun game to play , I enjoy it as well . I think they should revise this game so that you can use the Classic Controller for Wii with this game , kid would find it a lot easier .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the base that the kinect attach to do not securely fit into the mount , i.e. , it wobble around a lot and once the kinect be add to it . the kinect then can not move in its full range to calibrate because the base be not stable until I mess with it for 5 minute try to get it into a `` stable '' position . this work for a while until it move again and the Kinect can no longer move in its full range of motion . irritating and just plain junky . maybe mine be a dud .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have be pay for and play ea game for over two decade now . I be sick and tired of the larger publisher force these draconian measure to combat piracy on lawful pay customer . there have to be a better way . see Stardock 's Gamer 's Bill of Rights , please . no spore for this gamer .
Video_Games	POS	5	I 'll start off with this . if you love Splinter Cell conviction you will like\/love this game . I be a third person shooter fan , when it come to shooter . the game-play be similar to Splinter Cell conviction . the control to get into and out of cover be a little tricky to manage at first , but I be so stick on conviction for so long I expect the same and it be not . there be a focus fire system , similar to the mark and execute system , but the enemy have to be in front of you for it to work , unlike conviction . you can have a max of three and need to do a hand to hand take down to get one . if you a die hard fp fanboy , -lrb- which seem to be 99 % of the xbox crowd -rrb- well you wont like it . its the only reason I can see for the multiple negative review here . the drive sequence be amazingly fun , and the drive smooth , as expect from a game maker who make racing game primarily . the graphic be a bit tone down for multiplayer , but I be okay with that if it make for smoother game-play , and it do . the graphic be not n64 quality as I have see other reviewer compare it too , I have no idea where this comparison come from . my one major complaint be the complete lack of gadgets\/grenades and no crouch . I can not understand how this vital feature of a partial stealth game could be miss . stand up while go from cover to cover in the face of full gunfire make this game ridiculously difficult at time . you use you smartphone to scan and it go fuzzy when move , similar to the sonar goggles of conviction . but overll this be only my second game that I be try to complete the cheevo 's on , the other be scconviction . the multiplayer lobby be still active and its possible to get the mp cheevos\/trophy 's as well . well worth the current price of $ 18.00 , once you get over the lack of crouching in this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	touchy power switch it will flip with the slightest brush past the power button the rest of the unit be great and I be glad we buy it
Video_Games	NEG	2	this game be not like the original battlefield or desert combat . no vehicle war whatsoever . only 32 player max . this game suck .
Video_Games	POS	5	my daughter love this game !! she have a great time play it and it be a great price . happy with everything .
Video_Games	NEG	1	take a page from Stardock 's playbook - no drm - treat you customer as they deserve .
Video_Games	POS	5	when 2004 roll around , Zelda creator Shigeru Miyamoto and he team start work on the Wii , so they have to lend they new Zelda project to someone else . it turn out to be Eiji Aonuma , who start work for Nintendo in 1998 . Miyamoto want it to be even better than Ocarina of Time -lrb- n64 ,1998 -rrb- aka the best zelda game ever . here be the result : Story : this time , Link 's main antagonist be Zant , the `` King '' of the Twilight Realm , -lrb- Realm , not Zone -rrb- who want to bathe Hyrule in Twilight . use sword , shield , he arsenal of weapon and tool , and the form of a sacred wolf when in Twilight , Link must bring down this new threat . the Twilight be name Midna take over for Navi as you guide . but the best thing about the story be that -lrb- some of you already know -rrb- the whole thing come down to 3 character , and the way the game do it be both smart and creative . Gameplay : Combat be all about know the enemy , especially with the boss . the combat be perfect . the special secret skill be shocking , too . all of the item be fun to use , both to hurt enemy and to solve puzzle . as a wolf , you can dig for treasure , follow scent , and see thing that the normal eye can not . it will eventually become essential . the best thing probably be the secret . if you take time to look around , you might find Pieces of Heart , Poe soul , and Golden Bugs . graphic and sound : if there be to be a contest of the best Wii graphic , this game would be on top . the graphic be great . unfortunately , all music be recycle -lrb- people who have play Ocarina of Time will notice this -rrb- . but for player who have not hear it , it be great . my final review score be 9.6 out of 10.0 . you will love this game .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I buy this game because of the Star Wars name like im sure most people do . what a let down ... one can tell this game be push through production too quickly . as point out earlier the frame rate be dispicable , the action mediocre at best , and gameplay less then fun . this game could have be great if they spend some more time on it -lrb- but they do not ...
Video_Games	NEG	1	when I first play this game at my friend 's house , I be astounded by the magnificent graphic and gameplay . WOW -- be unlike any other video game I have ever play in my life . I just admire the Worgen so much that I quickly become obsess with interest ; however , I keep wonder why my friend would pay ninety-five dollar and a fifteen dollar fee each month for Cataclysm . so week pass by after New year day and that be when I discover a advirtisement of the game from Amazon . I check the video , picture etc. . I soon realize that my interest be short live , when I learn that I would have to pay for all four game as a whole -lrb- just for the one game -rrb- . not to mention the fifteen dollar monthly fee for a battle.net account . the entire expansion set have a staggering , one-hundred dollar price tag . that be not all . if you do not have the right computer , it will cost you one-thousand buck or more for a Mac ! as a blizzard consumer I would suggest that you try they free 10 day trial offer , pick out one you favorite character and make it jump off a cliff ... why ? because it make absolutely no sense to pay for something so expensive . I be very disappointed and unsatisfied . no offense ; I apologize . but as a reasonable gamer I choose to not buy this game until the price be fair . this item be obviously more of a luxury than a game that be why I give up on purchase it .
Video_Games	POS	5	first let I just say that I be very bias towards MGS , its my favorite series . also I buy my PS3 at launch for this game alone , but still I have to say that this be the close to perfection than any other video game in history . first let start with the greatest part of mss4 , the story , simply put , it answer every question a fan could ask . its one of the greatest story of any media . next the graphic , true they be some game with better graphic , but the environment and everything go together perfectly . the sound in this game be unbeleiveable , its so realistic , and the soundtrack can rival the Halo series . finally game play , this be probably the most satisfying game I every play , epic boss fight to the in game battle that rage on the battle field , its so awesome . in my opinion if you have a PS3 than you owe it to yourself to play this game , and if you do not go to a friend -lrb- or make a friend -rrb- with a PS3 .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the reason I get this game be because of its overall concept of be able to explore a dangerous zone on earth . as I grow up in Eastern Europe , the atmosphere remind I at my experience during the communist era . I have play many FPS game and recently finish F.E.A. R , Doom 3 , hl2 , and Far Cry . the graphic , AI and overall game-play in s.t.a.l.k.e.r be pretty weak compare with any of the game mention above . the aus of the enemy be very poor , the game-play be cumbersome as you have to micromanage very many little detail , and read a lot of dialog text be annoying . during play , you will have to spend a large amount of time in inventory . the load time be very slow due to what it seem to be poor caching and memory management . the reason I believe that to be the case be that it even take a long time to go back to a recent quick-save . the slowness and other bug I encounter make I apply a patch that be release recently . the new patch break all my save game and I have to use a unlimited health trainer to speed up the process and get back to where I be . -lrb- waste about 2 hour -rrb- overall the game play be poor , and the support be terrible .
Video_Games	NEU	3	more for kid , again its the control I have a problem with , too slow , lol . but it be fun when I compete against my grandkid .
Video_Games	NEU	3	okay , the battery it self , AMAZING at LEAST double the battery life . only problem ; the top two prong that hold it onto the system just randomly fall off one at a time over the two week I get to use it for . .
Video_Games	NEU	3	if you be a fan of first-person shooter , you know there be certain thing that will make a shooter better than the rest . first , level design must not be confuse . use of different texture can help make room look different , and door should not have anything stick out to catch you when you be back up . Lighting should not confuse the player either . too many effect can be really confusing . the single player mode should have a story worth pay attention to or none at all . event should make sense like they would in the real world . the designer of Halo 2 must not have play many first person shooter . I 'll tell you why : the level design make no sense at all . no one would ever make structure like the one in this game . there be just no logic to it . almost all of the door have little piece of wall jut out into they make back up through they frustrate . there be also ton of rock , tree , broken cement , and other prop that bring up the polygon count . high polygon count in a xbox game make for low framerate . the texture be not very creative . all the room look very similar , and the lighting effect be unrealistic and confusing . when you shoot or get shoot , there be enough flash on the screen to send someone into a seizure . Xbox live do not allow you to configure much , and the level of the menu be confuse . the single player story leave a lot to be desire and the weapon be not balanced anymore . the energy sword be friggen cool though ! remember how well balanced they be in Halo 1 ? first person shooter have be around for many year . most of the mistake halo 2 be guilty of have be make before . if only the programmer play more video game . halo 2 be not all bad , but it be not very good either . consider how fun the first Halo be -lrb- for a console game -rrb- , this could have be ten time better . maybe Halo 3 will not disappoint ... SCORP GO STABBY !
Video_Games	POS	5	some people obviously have bias opinion regard this game . bottom line be , if you be a fan of platformer or the SpongeBob show , you will love this game . there be so much humor and great gameplay in here ! if you like play rpg , then you should go be a wizard instead . graphic - 9 , gameplay - 9 , sound - 10 , replayability - 9 . the score say it all .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be very excite to get this game , and could not believe it be such a let down . I want something to get I up and off the couch -lrb- reason for kinect ! -rrb- , and this game want you to sing ! I do not want to sing . you can not turn the singing function off either . it be really really difficult to do the move . definitely not worth $ 50 !!!
Video_Games	NEG	2	this game take you thru many screen but do not give any help as to what , where and why you be go there . my daughter play it but do not finish it either as she could not find all the miss clue . would not recommand this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be hype for this game because I be a classic ne fanboy . the haunting , but simple blip and bleep s of 8-bit soundtrack remind I of the comfort of youth and the happiness of new game , if not any fond family memory , of which I have none . Nintendo be my best friend and babysitter in my early teens and go forward . now , I be usually leave handed but I adapt well to the control scheme and beat this game on level 7 intensity . it sound simple and boring , a rail shooter mix in with some ground combat . but it be not . also , the nonstop dialogue be entertaining and go on almost every moment of every level , and be silly . it be great , I be currently obsess with multiplayer online combat and get 100 % completion of the game , I be not too far off . there be nothing more satisfying than conspire with friend about a win light Vs. dark strategy and then destroy some poor japanese kid .
Video_Games	POS	5	there be three pirate who love treasure and would do anything to get it . `` I hungry `` say a pirate in a grouchy way . '' well then you just go to have to wait '' captain say the other pirate who be name be Billy be very brave the other pirate wh 's name be Jumbo because he be fat and he be scare of every thing Jumbo go off to find some food so he get off the ship , just when Billy be get ready to start the ship . captain be look for Billy . `` BILLY ''
Video_Games	POS	4	I have play this game a fair amount since release and feel I can give a review on my initial impression on the game . it be a mmo so the game will evolve over time , so some of my statement may no longer be relevant after patch be release . pro : + Graphics + soloable -lrb- party be still faster -rrb- + in depth , skill base craft system + storyline + music + extremely large zone , you will rarely come across zone line con : - uus lag for npc interaction , change equipment , and craft - no auction House\/Market search -lrb- detail below -rrb- - teleport consume Anima , you gain enough Anima for 1 to 1.5 teleport a day - chat system be clunky , and linkshell -lrb- guild -rrb- chat can easily be lose in battle spam -lrb- you deal x damage to y monster -rrb- . filter be avalible , but not complete . - content lock out currently . ishgard -lrb- the new Jeuno for FFXI player -rrb- be close . you can not ride chocobo yet . no airship . this make travel time consuming , and no central place for meeting people . - uus do not improve over XI , pretty much the same -lrb- just more\/different menu option -rrb- . - Account management be clunky beyond belief . I would also like to hit on a few point that have people worry before release . the biggest be probably the fatigue system where people be afraid that se would limit you play time . well , I can tell you that unless you be a power leveler -lrb- as in play all day every day -rrb- you will not hit the limit . you can get into the 20 's for rank within a single week , the cap for the game be currently 50 . so if 3 week be too long to reach max level ... then I guess the fatigue system will be a problem for you . for we mortal who must sleep however it be not something you be likely to run into . level pace be extreamly fast for the first 10 rank , once you hit rank 10 however you hit a wall and thing slow down , a lot . I also want to go into more detail on one of my con , the lack of a auction house\/search system . in this game almost all you equipment will come from crafter . not drop . not buy from npc shop . this give crafter in the game a real purpose , and I like that because I enjoy craft . this be completely opposite to game like WoW where the vast majority of craft goods be ` useless ' in comparison to dungeon drops\/quest reward . to sell item you can create a npc retainer who act like a shop keeper . you put they in a area that act like a market square where other player can walk around and view each shop . there be no way to search who be sell what , or who be buy what . you have to go through each retainer , one by one , and there be thousand of they . you be look at significant time to search through a sea of stuff you do not want to try and find the item you need ... at a price you can afford . the problem with this be all the craft be dependent on each other . want to make a spear as a blacksmith ? you 'll need a carpenter to make the shaft , and the carpenter will need raw wood from a botanist . you 'll also need some leather for the grip , which you get from a leather worker , who need chemical from a alchemist to cure the hide . you can see how this be go , if you want to make something you need to buy component from other crafter -lrb- or level that craft yourself -rrb- . with no auction house or market search feature it be near impossible to find the item you need , which make craft gear near impossible , which mean once you get into the teens for rank , and certainly into the 20 's , you gear be really start to hurt you . that be my biggest complaint with the game . se have say they have something ready -lrb- either ah or search feature -rrb- but they be wait to see what player do with the economy ... this be really stupid in my opinion as this issue be turn a lot of people away from they game , include I . fix this one issue and my rating of the game will increase a substantial amount . my recommendation would be to wait to purchase this game until they have fix the ah\/market search problem . once that be fix , it really have the potential to be a great mmorpg . -lrb- small note on collector 's edition . the NA crowd get shaft big time compare to EU . we get less stuff -lrb- know before purchase -rrb- but also the journal be crap compare to the EU one . -rrb- update 9\/29\/2010 : Square-Enix have announce plan to re-do the market ward . they 'll name each ward towards specific category of equipment\/items and any item sell in that ward that fall under its category will have a reduce tax . player be not force to sell only that category goods though . they plan to implement this in 1 to 2 week . I can see this improve the situation , but not entirely solve it . since each player be currently limit to a single retainer you can expect the category to only be loosely follow . se plan to allow player to have multiple retainer , but likely at a real world cost of $ 1\/extra retainer -lrb- this price be announce long ago before the game release -rrb- . I will personally probably get 2 extra retainer to make the game cost be $ 14.99 which be equal to other pay to play MMO 's . it should be note that each retainer have a 80 item capacity so the more you have , the more storage you have also . UPDATE : 7\/27\/2011 : well , it have be almost a full year -lrb- 10 month -rrb- since launch and I can say this game have see major improvement . it be still not quite there , but it be a much better game than what we first see . the market ward have a nice search feature , that include price . it will even place a icon next to the Retainers name so you can easily find they in the ward . Shopping be a much much more enjoyable experience now . I still think a ah style in the way of ffxus would be better -lrb- game would not have to load thousand of retaienr - obvious lag -rrb- . combat have have lot of improvement , most recently the removal of fatigue and stamen , and the addition of you time honor auto-attack . since stamen be remove you special skill now work off cool-down timer like you be use to from ffxus and other mmo 's . craft for local levequest be now much faster since it give you a repeat option . no more need to go through you menu every single time . it also remember that last few thing you have craft for quicker access . repair have be greatly simplify , a single material type be now need for every equipment type call dark matter . no more need to carry around , or find , several different type -lrb- for example cloth fent , tree branch , ore , metal , etc -rrb- to keep you armor and weapon in good shape . they have add nm and also have start add quest to the game that fall outside of the basic levequest the game start with . there be still very few of these though . you can tell from the patch note and the letter from the producer that they be put the framework in for questing hub like you 'll find in most popular MMO 's that will be a welcome addition . they have add the hub , but not the quest yet . they have also add two instanced dungeon -lrb- they call they raid , but I think that be a bit much for what they be -rrb- that require party to complete . I have decide to bump my review up a star to 4\/5 due to all they change they have make . the final star can be earn once they flesh out the quest to add content to keep it from be a mindless grindfest to level , and once they finally add alternative mode of transportation -lrb- airship and chocobo at a minimum -rrb- .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be really funny . I buy it so I could play it with my gf and it be really worth the money , however , I would like to have buy it in a lesser price because it be kind of expensive . if you have the money and love lego game , buy it ; -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	2	a couple hour in and every mission be : 1 follow-the-npc 2 feel identical -lrb- shoot the pop-up bad guy ... ohh but now it be daytime ! ooh now it be night ! ooh now they be behind car ! ooh now the ` yre behind fuel barrel ! -rrb- there be ZERO A.I. -- its all predictable and robotic . 3 I be constantly think `` do not die , or you 'll have to sit through that awful script set-piece intro again ! '' because anytime you die , you have to sit through the npc 's idiotic dialog . -lrb- this be write by the Red Dawn guy ? no wonder he hasnt do anything else since the mid 80s ... -rrb- 4 you be force to wait for npc to catch up , you gun and ability to move be strip away routinely , multiple time per level , even in the MIDDLE of GUN battle 5 there be a escort mission to protect a INANIMATE OBJECT ! 6 Said inanimate object be some sort of amazing battle machine , comedically nonsensical for any suburban rebel force to have the capacity to equip or maintain . 7 I hate that the crouch\/duck button be not toggle-able . it be more like watch a interactive movie -- a lame one -- which occasionally let you participate in it . I be literally typing this while the game continue to run its course without I .
Video_Games	POS	4	nice speed and gameplay overall . the only 2 con be the camera angle and some of the enviroment be not fully interactive . you can not enter all the building with each character . even with that though it be a great game and some level be extremely well match with the background music `` red hot mountain '' . I play this game for nearly three hour before realize how long I would be on it . deffinetly worth the time and money to pick this one up .
Video_Games	NEG	2	great concept and conception , but need further development . first of all , if you be leave handed , you should stop read this . this product be not for you . it be advertise as be ambidextrous . but the left thumb stick would need to be handle with you right hand . you -lrb- and you brain -rrb- will spend too much time try to adjust to the conflict of a regular dual shock controller . second , i be amaze to read how many people state that this device , with the move controller attach , be `` accurate '' . it be far from it and be well document -lrb- do a search on the iwaggle3d review -rrb- . you can not calibrate the sight to point straight , ever . there be a drift on the target ... it move `` off-center '' from the sharp shooter . re-calibrating in-game or with the ps3 utility do not fix this issue . this be why the `` sight '' attachment plan be postpone . so `` aim down the rail '' be impossible at the moment . the most accurate would be the wius remote and nunchucku combo `` zapper '' or use light gun technology such as guncon to get pinpoint aim . next ... this product be make more for the `` casual '' gamer . any hardcore gamer would be too lazy to do this for hours\/days\/months \/ year other than to give it a try -lrb- look up the truth b tell show review -rrb- . just like the wius and the kinect be cater to the occasional gamer , so be this . and for that , it be a nice peripheral . it be mean to be use as comfortable as possible ... from the shoulder or the hip instead of eye level . size ... it be way too bulky . again , it be ok for the casual gamer . but if you be sit down , it will always get in the way , especially the butt stock , even with it detract all the way in -lrb- again , refer to the truth b tell show review -rrb- . it feel more like a carbine , which be not ideal . a better design would have be a small smg or pistol rifle configuration for the hardcore gamer . this would have enable the gamer to use the device in a more relax position for a longer play time . what i have do be hack-sawed the stock ... or you can disassemble and remove it if you do not feel like destroy the sharp shooter . it feel much more comfortable this way . with these point make , i can not recommend this for anyone serious about gaming . let I put it this way . if you be go up against someone with a dual shock controller or bare p move\/navigator combo , you will get 0wned big time on multi-player . but it be fun for single-player or campaign . game ... there be only a few that utilize this attachment . and some developer do not learn the lesson that wii developer go through . they be make the same mistake for controller function and camera control . sometimes , i feel like ask , `` do not they at LEAST play link 's crossbow training ? '' . ... it will take sony developer awhile since they be `` re-invent '' the wheel , or the zapper in this instance . but i be sure thing will get better , at least on par like high voltage software 's `` the conduit '' and its ' implementation , down the road .
Video_Games	POS	5	this and the final scene be my favorite . it be exciting , not too hard , not too terribly easy and a lot of surprise . Execept when you gotta find those damn bug I love every minute of it . no stupid puzzle -lrb- \* cough Blackmoor \* cough -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be very stupid and pointless . I would not give it any star if I could . this game be a waist of money , heck they should be pay you . I give this game -5 star hope this review will help someone . that be not all the animation be bad and the plot be childish !
Video_Games	POS	4	first , if you love the original , you 'll be just as addict to this one . I be lucky enough to pre-order , so I have have a chance to play it for awhile . several thing have change , mostly good , some which take some get use to , and a few bad . so far the latter have add some confusion and annoyance which keep I from give it the five star I want to give it . good change - no more run about look for special visitor ; they all show up at the town hall ... you animal neighbor be much funnier ... it be easy to get very funny response to letter -lrb- altho ' in the past , all you need be a exclamation point and a question mark to get a positive response -rrb- ... be able to take fossil straight to Blathers be a huge time savings , and visit the coffeehouse and draw constellation in the museum basement and attic , respectively , be a lot of fun -lrb- especially watch you hand-drawn constellation float by overhead at night -rrb- ... there be a huge number of new fish , new fossil , and new bug to find - no more trudge along the beach in winter scarf up only a pile of miserable sea bass ... now you buy you clothes at the Able 's shop , and the many new accessory be hysterical - I spend one day run around in a native american warbonnet and a pacifier -lrb- do not realize I have the pacifier attach -rrb- ... the bulletin board be actually use ... Pelly work late -lrb- do not have to see Phyllis til really late -rrb- ... you house can be huge -lrb- 3 extra room , plus the usual large expansion ... you can put you own artwork on easel in you house and decorate the path outside with the same in graffitus square ... the path system be nice -lrb- much less bang into tree while run around -rrb- ... you can pick and then replant many kind of flower , put they in you hair , or drop they in you home as a decoration ... some bug be only attract to certain flower , so you do have to plant they all ... change that take get use to : not be able right away to ask you neighbor for errand to run - you have to wait until they begin to warm up to you , and then you still can not ask - they ask you instead ... you can really hasten this effect by waive to they as you pass ... use the stylus be awkward at first , but then you begin to see how really effective it be - write letter , drag thing around in you menu , etc. , become much easier ... you barely have to touch it though , which take some get use to , to relax you grip ... even with all the new and improved bug and fish , it seem to take more time to earn money now , especially with have to wait on you neighbor to warm up ... one very funny effect , as neighbor move in , they house stay fill with packing box for a day or two - only then can you investigate they home ... there be no island , so coconut wash up in the beach , along with message in bottle ... thing I have trouble with : the `` scrolling world '' -lrb- think sonic 3-d -rrb- make it difficult to shoot down present etc , because you have to race `` up '' the world to bring the present into closer view , and then race about try to line up you shot - it appear you need to have the floater directly overhead and not `` in-the-distance-overhead '' - for you shot to work ... also , you tend not to focus on the top screen , so if you miss the sound clue you may miss action on the top screen altogether - there be a lot of sound in this game , so it be not hard to do ... fishing be harder - thing dart about and change direction , often swim offscreen by the time you cast you line - sometimes more than one fish will come to you - unlike the first game , where a visible tug-and-splash show you have a bite , in this game , the only clue be a audible `` plop '' sound - so you be listen , not see , which be awkward . Booker seem not to know when visitor show up - and since they show up at the town hall , what be the point ? - and you never get to talk to copper unless you be do wi-fus ... also , catch the proverbial mole cricket -lrb- the only winter bug available , really -rrb- have prove impossible for I at least ... you dig it up , but by the time you get you shovel put away and get you net out , it have crawl off and disappear - catch thing happen in real time - the game do not freeze action , so it be like a active-time-battle in a standard rpg . finally , the official game guide be puzzling - clothes be give huge up close shot -lrb- so you can copy design ? -rrb- -rrb- but item and furniture , etc , be tiny dark picture with no definition at all ... very wierd .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be excite to finally get the game of my dream . well , it be not any more ! for starter , they do not have very good dog breed . only 18 ! each day be around 5 min . long . you day be like this : you get up , be force to eat breakfast , be force to go to school , and you be force to eat dinner , the line the parent say be ALWAYS the same and be TACKY !!!! a friend of mine agree that the game be a rip-off ! you only have the dog for 3 week , and the week go by quickly . please ! take my advice . do not buy this game . if I would have know , I would not have buy it !!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	i have play it befor it be a good game
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a good investment . both my 5 and 3 year old boy love it . anyone can do it . mom and dad have fun dancing too .
Video_Games	POS	5	I do not know about you , but PS controller give the worst blister know to man . I finally find this one , which not only do not give blister , it be wireless ! best of both world !
Video_Games	NEG	1	wow I have really like the work out game , the sport game , and the adventure game so for for Kinect . but this one ... what a epic fail ! this game be the one that will seldomly get play . thank God they do not bundle it with the kinect or I would have take it back to the store the day i get it . horrible motion tracking and control during game play , it be at a level far below any of the other Kinect game . you will be disappoint if you buy this . I really have high hope because I want to play beer pong and bean bag toss with my friend when we party at my place . it have a lot of game but they be all so frustrating to control .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game as a bday present for my daughter , at she request . she love it , as do she child , who hardly give she a chance to play it ! so , that go to show that it be great for the whole family .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be skeptical to buy the pc version after read all the negative review but after play it this afternoon , I be so glad I buy it . I have no problem at all run the game fully crank up . I have the Wii version and the difference in the graphic quality be like night and day . I highly recommend !
Video_Games	POS	5	just a few thing I have not see mention in other review . rechargable battery vs. weight - I purchase Energizer Rechargable NiMH battery specifically for we Wii Remotes . they be a little pricey but they last a impressive amount of time per change . during a trip to a friend 's house with the Wii in tow one pair happen to die , so he find some traditional coppertop to replace they with . the weight difference be insane . in game like Wii Sports tennis where controller swing timing be crutial it feel like it make a difference . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 Player ? - we have notice when run 4 Wii remote at a time they tend to jump around as to which Remote be actually which number of player . you may exit a game that you be just player 3 on , the third blue light on you remote be light , but you hand onscreen be red and have a 2 in it . it do not affect gameplay really , but tend to be frustrating consider we be talk about the most expensive `` standard '' controller on the market now . Wish there be a independant off switch - ready to play , just grab a remote and push the a button -lrb- or 1 and 2 simultaneously -rrb- to have it attempt to begin communicate with the Wii . but when not it use you almost have to place it on a alter all by itself , so it do not happen to sit face down constantly try to sync , and drain you battery .
Video_Games	POS	5	Baldurs gate 2 follow on baldur 's gate 1 , and both be a blast to play .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be 41 year old and a couch potato . I have be use this for about a month now -lrb- 3-4 time per week -rrb- and be feel better . the only issue that I have have with it be that sometimes even though i be in sync with the trainer , it do not recognize that -lrb- most of the time it work fine -rrb- . it have get I up off of the couch and move around . I like see the progress make , and the exercise be fun to do . they can be a little repetitive , but that be ok . I be enjoy this enough that I will probably buy the 2012 version in a few month . overall , this be well worth the money .
Video_Games	POS	5	\* please read my review on the original gtr first . ok , like all motorsport , there be a constant refinement , gtr2 be no different . i. Better racing , you can race side by side , clean , just fantastic !!! II . slightly refine physics , do not want to screw up a great thing . III . graphic , nearly photo realistic , but do require alot of pc , you have to be creative on setting . iv . more realistic with reward weight , damage model ect . overall : gtr2 be better than the original , ... yes -lrb- very hard to imagine that year or so ago -rrb- . \*\*\* Honestly , we be lucky to own this sim !!
Video_Games	POS	5	I have play all of the Nancy Drew game , and to I , treasure in a Royal Tower be by far , the best one . in this game , Nancy Drew , 18 year old super-slueth , visit Wickford Castle and Ski Resort for a winter vacation . but when a terrible blizzard keep she and 4 other guest strand there , a mystery turn up . someone have ransack the library , and one guest claim a item of value of hers have be steal . I would not reccomend this game for people who have not play other Nancy Drew game , because the castle be very confusing -lrb- I get lose a bunch of time ! -rrb- , but all in all , this game rock !
Video_Games	POS	4	my daughter and I be huge Broadway fan and really enjoy play just Dance so we be eagerly await Dance on Broadway . at first , I be a bit offput by the relatively bad rating compare to just Dance . I think this be because it be a different kind of dancing . instead of the frenetic movement of just Dance , most of these song be a lot slower and require more measure and control movement . also , the game be not as sensitive and have a less refined score system . as for the graphic , there be not any trouble for we to see the dance . the outfit be also kind of cute on the avatar , and it be a welcome change . I also think it be a pretty good aerobic workout if you be willing to move you foot and actually follow the dance ! if you do not move you foot , yes , you will probably will not get as intense a workout as you would with just Dance . 4\/5 because you always want more song .
Video_Games	POS	4	I really love this game , but it feel too much like # 2 , they really do not improve a whole lot and the story be very similar . I think I actually like # 2 more so . I would say get it if you love the series , but do not be too impressed .
Video_Games	POS	4	I buy this as a gift for my 13 year old nephew . he say it be a lot of fun . he have download some different song for it too . say it be great for they whole family -lrb- and he be the youngest -rrb- - they all enjoy play and laugh together . would purchase again .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you be go to buy a Dreamcast , you should probably make this you first game . very fun and fast gameplay , and interesting storyline . you explore in huge area call adventure stage to find action sage , where you destroy enemy and complete one of the three objective . the first one ussually be to get to the end of the stage , second , do that with 50 ring usually , and third , complete the stage in the time limit . this , of course , be as Sonic . there be 5 other character to unlock along the way with different objective for the stage . also , there be a virtual pet part that you can feed they and do other thing , then put the on you memory unit to play with separately . this provide hour of fun . the graphic in this game be stunning , and the music be awesome and set the mood in the stage . this be a great game .
Video_Games	NEU	3	fable be a game that aim way too high and have no chance of do anything but come up short of gamer ' expectation . yes , it be a good game . yes , it be worth playing . no , it be probably not worth buying , nor be it as deep and realistic as its creator profess . the game be short . I beat it in 12 hour and that include a fair amount of screw around . this be unacceptable consider it be developer claim that fable would be the greatest rpg ever make . the game be easy . if you be good at videogame , you will find this game easy . they say you can `` boast '' to make you mission harder , and while this can make indiviual mission tougher , it be not enough to make the overall game experience more difficult . the good\/evil idea be a good \* idea \* . implement it in a way that be satisfy to the player have yet to be achieve by any game and it would appear we have a long way to go . ca not really blame the developer for try but the morality element be painfully two-dimensional . the action be good . combat be fun and addictive . there be a good amount of skill and powerup to choose from when spend you experience , but again , the extremely short length of the game make all you careful experience spending feel waste . the story blow . take a stereotype fairytale and take away a few hour and you have fable 's story . the game be novel at first . it trick you . but as you play more you see that , at best , fable be a good action\/adventure game : not the ultimate good\/evil rpg that some have hope for . Rent it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	ok it supposedly load , but on try to run it , it insist `` press pause\/break to start '' . my keyboard -lrb- & likely yours -rrb- do not include those particular key . the customer ` support ' be from Rumania . the loading-interface be most impressive . but this be truly the most frustrating software i have ever deal with in the last 40yr .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a Christmas gift for my grandson , so it have not be use yet , but I be assume it will work well . it look like it have be well take care of and in good work condition .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I wish I have read the review more closely before purchase Skyrim for a Windows PC . I have a top of the line win7 professional machine with a i7 processor , 12 gb of RAM and a very good graphic card -lrb- not top of the line , but darn good -rrb- . the graphic in Skyrim look amazing , but the damn mouse movement suck ! it be herky-jerkey and nearly impossible to control . it overshoot , undercut and make movement seem like you character be a drunk amble down the street . it literally hurt my eye and have give I a headache . I simply can not play the game . I give up . the rest of you have fun ... I be simply too old for this crap !
Video_Games	POS	5	overall , this be a great game . the Campaign mode be fun , exciting mission , but i prefer play this game online . can not beat the graphic and team game . I would play this online over COD anyday .
Video_Games	POS	4	okay okay ... a new rpg for gamecube . for the firt couple of week , this title be flawless . but then it start get repettive . it get boring . there be nothing else to do , I have complete everything worth complete . if the Sims appeal to you , then rent this game . otherwise , save you -lrb- money -rrb- .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the connector make my ne run a bit better , but do not fix it 100 % . I still must wiggle my cartridge around and pull it about half way out before i can get the game to start . I think this be because the connector be not all the same , also there might be a difference in NES main board . the customer service from LukieGames , however , be excellent . I call with a problem and they help I out over the phone and send I a replacement for free with no question ask and great attitude . I will definitely be buy from LukieGames again . great people .
Video_Games	POS	5	I wait in line for 7 hour to get the Wii without go on eBay . I get the first day and I also gota the new Zelda game . I first make a Mii , a avatar that you make , to play Wii Sports . the best in Wii Sports be either boxing or bowling . when I play Zelda I be blow away . it be so much better than wind Waker . I will not tell anyone what happen , you 'll have to play it . the Wii be the best console on the market . yeah NINTENDO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	love the price and free shipping in time for Christmas . my kid want some and save I from go out in the rush . Amazon can be great at time .
Video_Games	POS	5	awesome seller !!!! fast shipping , cable work great . I be gonna buy from they again !!!!! a + + + + + + + + + +
Video_Games	POS	5	I finally let myself get pull into the pokemon world . be a Anime fan , I decide to give pokemon a go . after speak with a few friend that have all three version , they recommend I get the yellow version first . have a GameBoy Color already , make the purchase of the yellow version a good buy since it support color . Gameplay in general be fun and it keep I glue to the Gameboy for hour on end . there be a lot to do in the game which mean it will not be like other game that you buy and beat the game in a few day . this be a good buy ... my 2 cent .
Video_Games	NEG	2	every year madden be worse . I already sell my copy . I be not go to waste any time on this review . DO NOT buy this game and if you think you have to buy it at least rent it first . I wish I have ...
Video_Games	POS	5	these cable be great ! if you have a hdtv or just a tv with component input , these cable be a necessity for better picture . I have both a CRT style tv with component input and a 1080p hdtv . both tv 's have more vibrant color and better picture when use the component cable . Make sure that you hdtv support 480p if you want the Wii to display in that resolution . do not try to enable 480p in the wii setting if your tv will not display that resolution . for those not notice a difference compare to the include composite cable this can be atttribute to 2 thing : 1 . you have forget to enable 480p in the Wii setting 2 . you hdtv do not display 480p as well as it be native resolution like 1080i\/1080p . not all hdtv 's be build the same . \*\*\* very important for 480p output \*\*\* - please note that you tv must be a high-definition tv -lrb- hdtv -rrb- or enhanced-definition tv -lrb- edtv -rrb- to view 480p output . - you will also be require to change you Wii setting from standard tv -lrb- 480us -rrb- to edtv\/hdtv to view 480p . \*\*\* very important for 480p output \*\*\* Super Mario Galaxy look even more incredible with these cable !! awesome . thanks Amazon for the great price ! thanks Nintendo for another fantastic product !
Video_Games	POS	5	best race game ever ! awesome graphic . amazing unlockable . best multiplayer too !
Video_Games	POS	4	after play the previous CIV game this one be definitely different but if you go in expect something new it be definitely just as fun !
Video_Games	POS	5	for the past 6 month , I have be alternate between just Dance , just Dance 2 and Michael Jackson the experience . this game be the perfect follow up to that training as it challenge I while also build upon the dance skill I have acquire . love it !
Video_Games	NEU	3	the registar code key do not work , as in invalid or already use so could not use the online feature . Sucks . Games okay , pretty , but not what you would call a real challenge of any sort . this be a game for kid , like maybe 10 or so ... my 15 year old be bore after play it twice . Pretty , some good idea , but it be set gather dust on we shelf after just a week ...
Video_Games	POS	5	the console , especially the Kinect , be too good to believe . I be plan to buy a Wii , but Wii be nothing compare to kinect controller-less game experience . even my parent , who have not play any game ever , enjoy so much on the Kinect . plus , I have start watch almost all the content on tv via Xbox : Netflix , Youtube , Hulu , ESPN , leave my comcast cable connection pretty much idle these day . this be my most satisfied purchase in recent time .
Video_Games	POS	5	I stop buy cable and stuff in the store , it be way cheaper online . this product plug right into my x-box and be simple to set up with my att u-verse network . awesome to be wireless !
Video_Games	NEG	2	if you be a gamer this be NOT the game for you ! the price of 50bones be to MUCH for THIS GAME ! THIS be play with MINI GAMES that LAST about 4 seconds and by the time you catch the hang of the MINI GAME ITS over ! the game do SHOW A LOT with the WII REMOTE BUT THIS be NOT the game for gamer ! this game be more for heck I do not KNOW NOT SURE ITS for ANYBODY IT should have just be a demo game ! please RENT IT BEFORE you buy it ! BUT if you need it for your collection of GAMES you CAN SURE ADD IT to the what the heck pile . BUT I must SAY THERE be SOME PARTS that will make you laugh BUT THIS be TRUELY NOT what your looking for in the 2007 I be left with only a few word and that what the heck !
Video_Games	NEG	2	First : this be not a original Sony Controller !! you can see it and you feel it , when you play with it . over all its ok , for this price !!
Video_Games	NEU	3	overall this be a very good game . however , give who put the game out , I be actually expect a little more polish and a little more feature right out of the gate . the graphic be fantastic , far better version of a post disaster world than either Fallout or Borderlands . the weapon be all very nicely do , even the pistol . there be some minor control issue though . for example , you can only activate one `` gadget '' at a time , and have to cycle through they to activate a different one . the problem be that some of they be pretty critical , like grenade or bandage for healing . if you have it on you bandage and see a great opportunity to throw a grenade , you have a take time to cycle to they , and you know how that go , you opportunity for that grenade toss probably dry up because the guy be scamper around . Pretty good inventory system , since you do not have to mess around with weight . so far I have not see a way to sell the old component on you vehicle after you upgrade to something better . they seem to just sit there gather dust , and all the hard earn money you spend be go . the big complaint be about the co-op mode and the lack of a co-op campaign . this game could have easily be make for a two-player outing , but sadly they just add on some co-op mission and call it a day . they be mildly entertaining but in the end the whole mode feel tack on and I really expect far more from Bethesda and id software . hopefully they will make up for some of it with some DLC , but my hope be not high . overall a very good game . they could have and should have do some thing better , but they choose not to . I hope for another installment and further hope that they 'll put in some of the feature that would have make this a superb game .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be great . plain out . the way you can switch from human to elite on certain level be very cool . ! part I do not like be the fact that i will have to wait more , through delay after delay and finally get to save earth . I hope they dont change the weapon because master chief be on go for a day or two . overall the game be great and the multus player be fantastic and i could play that with my friend all day and all night .
Video_Games	POS	5	there be not 1 game that be better than this . i be on humongous.com and i see all these like backyard game and i like basketball so i get it . it have really good graphic and you can do awesome stunt !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Video_Games	POS	4	First off . yes you get a tutorial . the first hour or so be completely on training wheel , and after that hour you get introduce to new mechanic as they come up , complete with context pop up . tired of the abrupt manticore fight and dragon movie everytime you start a new character ? too bad . want to just skip all of it and start at the first riftstone ? too bad . already know how to issue command ? too bad , they be get explain again ? why ? tutorial ! every review I have read cries\/praises the lack of a turorial as if this game be somehow the deep end of the pool . sorry , it be there and the learning curve be not all that scary . this be not Demon 's soul . challenge level in combat feel about right for I . I be not get Amalur Carpal tunnel , nor be I boring my way through final Fantasy autocombat . there be not a lot of micromanage in combat , so unless you have some tandem move , the AI be go to take and keep control of you minion . you can configure you minion AI to a extent , though not on the fly . also , since it isnt list anywhere - you can change the vocation of you main character and main pawn , and change back to any unlock vocation with no lose progress . -lrb- if I max out my main pawn as a fighter , then change he to a wizard , he 'll go right back to be a max out fighter should I change he back -rrb- . the Pawn Mechanic be definately what set the game apart . you 'll learn new tactic from visit pawn , and you main pawn will benefit while in other people game . since visit pawn dont level up with you , you 'll need to continually shop around for the ` perfect ' pawn to accompany you . you can rate a pawn and gift the owner on the release of one , and it be do in a pretty complimentary manner . if you lack a internet connection , there be already a large number of pawn ingame for recruiting . the graphic be pretty solid , voice acting be ok . the story be not this big gripping epic , it be a backdrop to start you off and to eventually finish you with . everything that come between be standard wow quest fare . there be no real multiplayer to speak of , but you 'll need a internet connection to access the pawn create by other player , and the group effort fight like the Ur-Dragon . the camera like to hide you . . not nearly as much as Amalur , but it be there . the quest\/map interface be a little clunky , but still serviceable . it also autoformat into widescreen , so you may be stick with formatting bar .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be one of my favorite game . I enjoy the realistic feature . the rides\/stalls , such as :  Food Stalls Roller coaster -lrb- of course ! -rrb- Merry Go Rounds Ferris Wheels Ballon Stalls Information booth -lrb- that sell umbrella and map -rrb- water ride  just to name a few .  you get different weather as the year go on , and the umbrella make lot of money when it rain . rain be a little bit of a downside , because then people do not want to go on certain ride when it rain .  also you have 4 kind of worker : handymen-who clean up when people throw up -lrb- yes , people throw up after go on intense ride -rrb- , clean up litter , water flower bed , empty trash can , and mow grass . mechanics-who fix ride -lrb- ride do break down -rrb- , and inspect ride to make sure they do not break down or explode because that be dangerous to guest , who die if you ride explode . Security guards-who watch for vandalizim entertainers-who make you guest want to stay and keep they happy . they can be panda bear , tiger , or elephant .  also , my younger sister 's teacher keep this game in they class room at school , because it teach they how to spend money on important thing , loan , etc.  it be a wonderful game and if I could have a simscity game or this game I would choose this one .
Video_Games	POS	5	keep in mind that while I buy this game at launch , I make sure to play through the first one before give this a go . I also have other game on my plate and as such I just beat this a few day ago . if you have a decent computer , you will soon realize that this be one of the best look game available . my computer be run it a little slow at first . then , I update my driver . apparently the game be only recognize one of my card . with both in tow , I be run thing very smoothly . I turn off the motion blur effect to gain a decent amount of fp and after that the game never rarely seem to get below 30 fp . here be my relevant computer spec : 2.7 ghz triple core AMD 8gb ram 2x radeon hd 4870 as far as the gameplay go , I will not lie , it be very difficult when you first start out . soon you start to get better gear and better ability and by the end of the game it be only a challenge in the biggest boss fight . the great story , voice acting , and cinematic scope make I stick with it in spite of the difficulty and I feel extremely reward . after play through once , I feel I would fare much better the second time around . this game have more replayability than any game I know , as there be area , story , and quest you would not even come in contact with depend on a major choice you make around 15 hour in . it be one of the best rpg 's out there . just remember to be patient , save often , and do not give up . you 'll be happy in the end .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be a blast . if you like Dynasty warrior , you gonna love this game as well . you can customize you own character and play in historical mode . unlock player as you gain rice point and play they on story mode . awesome move set specially the one by Kunoichi . only thing that this game lack be graphic and wius remote and nunchaku controller be not really recommend to use on this game . classic controller be easier to use and make gameplay easier . overall , I strongly recommend this game and I guarantee high satisfaction you will get from this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	its cool for a while , but than it toooooooooooooooooooo hard .
Video_Games	POS	4	I havent really play any need for speed game besides carbon and some other one on the original xbox . i decide to get this one because it look really cool . I like the idea of be a cop and take down other player . i love the multiplayer for , especially the hot pursuit mode . it be beast ! something that need for speed need be customizable car . customizable like midnight club . get all the standard then use the xp point you earn to buy part and stuff . maybe put some lead lighting underneath , and change the color of you tint -lrb- i have always want chrome tinted window -rrb- but beside that , this game be pretty awesome . i wish it have customizable ability though . oh well . : -lrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	so I buy spore on open day , I would be excite about it for age , and while it have not quite live up to my expectation , it have still be a fun game to play , until today . I run it on a laptop , which be usually plug into a wire , but occasionally I go wireless with it and sit on the couch to play . today for some reason my wireless do not come up , and I do not notice . I be happily play spore , when suddenly the game exit on I with a pop up from the ea downloader that say ` please check you internet connection , you seem to be disconnect ' . no chance to save , no auto save , no warning , no nothing . Game quit , the end , sorry if you lose datum . I really really wish I could get my $ 50 back .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be awesome . its a amazing workout that keep you heart rate up . the only problem with the game be the menu , they be not intuitive nor easy to traverse , but once you get to the actual workout everything be fine .
Video_Games	POS	5	this review be by my preteen , Emily : it be my favorite ds game ever ! also , my family think it be really fun , too ! but they prefer the wius game . my little sister and I also like to hit wireless connection on d 's to play together , I recommend this game to anyone , it be : 1 . super fun 2 . lot of awesome character 3 . cool racetrack 4 . it be super fun to race friends\/family ! 5 . unlock everthing , and get special character and prize , like trophy ! to race , the only problem be that u need to hold down the a button the whole entire time ur racing . to move , simply use the + contrl pad . to get a dice block to get a trap to use on people , just run through it and it magically give u a trap ! to use it , hit any of the button to set it in front\/behind you . note : u can not choose whether it go behind u or in front . but if u race right into a trap , it will slow u down ! how to win : the object be to race to the finish line 1rst . trap can slow people down so u can get ahead , or stay ahead ! tip : to get ahead in the beginning : just simply dont hold down a until the number 3 ... 2 go . then , right after it say 2 , that when u hold down a and go ! u will get a speed boost ! hope this be helpful !!
Video_Games	POS	4	Madden be one of those series that continue to be very good . there be some new feature in this game that be not in the 05 version . First be the QB Vision . basically , during you pass , you quarterback can not see the whole field leave to right so the qb vision be a cone type device that show where you qb be look . for more veteran type qb 's the cone to see be bigger , while rookie and the not so good qb it be smaller . you want to throw it in where you qb be look or else there could be a bad pass . this idea be pretty good because it can let the qb get finer throw and throw the defense off . however , if you be use it , rookie quarterback like Alex Smith be much harder to use it with and end up in a lot of incomplete pass . there be a new superstar mode where you take a create player and try to make he a superstar in the NFL . you get you own mentor like Terrell Davis and you choose a agent and you lead you superstar into the spotlight . they partcipate in a IQ test and interview to determine you rating . then you play the game and try to make you player a superstar . after a while of play this , it get boring , so I just stick with francise mode . other thing update be the different type of tackle , new commentary -lrb- thankfully ea cut down on the Madden talk , where he would talk forever about a simple play -rrb- , different kick meter -lrb- I think this be better than the previous one -rrb- , more talk from Tony Bruno , and different storyline for the newspaper . also gameplay have dramically be improve . in the 05 version you would see the opponent runner always get stop by you defense no matter how bad they be . now the defens play how the attribute of the player be . for example San Francisco can not stop the run while Baltimore can . couple of bad thing be the controller configuration . if you want to change what a button do on a run play , you have to change the same button for what it do on recieve , and on defense which be annoying . also some of the image look the same from the 05 game . personally , I love this game better than the 05 version . if you be a hardcore football gamer , you need this , if you just want to try it or you own 05 version , I would get the 05 because it basically the same game except a couple of different feature not really important to gameplay .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this copy for my cousin 's 13th birthday . I have play it as well , back as the old gbc game and for the new d . the fact that you can play in the Johto region and kanto region alone give you more play time that any of the pokemon rpg . it be great nostalgia value if you play the older version and it be great for the kid these day if they really want to tackle the now daunt task of complete the pokedex .
Video_Games	POS	5	the ability to play all three God of War game on one system for anyone who one a PS3 be great . the fact they go the extra mile and polish both game slightly for the better hardware of the PS3 be even better . the improvement be so good that you will really notice it during the cut scene , which be not polish ' . its odd to have cut scene in a game that be less polished than the actual gameplay , but in a good way . and put both game onto one disc be the way to go . if you have already play through the first two and have the ps2 still hook up there be no real need to buy the collection . but if you be excite about God of War 3 and never play the first two , this be about the best deal around . two game for under $ 40 and it can sometimes be find for even less . a great value for two of the greatest platform action game ever . hopefully it will be enough to keep everyone from count the seconds until God of War 3 's release .
Video_Games	POS	4	I really enjoy TYCOON GAMES where I have hand on in EVERY BUILDING ASPECT of the game . ONLY problem I have WAS THERE be LIMITED SPACE . after you use it up THATS IT !
Video_Games	POS	5	yeah that be what make I by this game , that , and how hype up it be before even the 360 be launch . Gears of War be a 3rd person shooter that be far different from any I have ever play before . while it be a shooter , and while you do chop locust be half with chainsaw , the main objective in this game for I be to learn to take cover . that be what make GOW different from all these other shooter , you have to learn to take cover , or , you will die . you main button to use in this game be the a button , you run , roll , dive , and take cover use this one button . yes , it take time to get use to , but once you get it , you get it . the graphic be some of the best 360 have to offer with the best aus ive see in a game . enemy be SMART , they flank you , and if you dont attack when they want you to , they dont wait for you . the suspense be mind bogogling -lrb- yes i dont no how to spell that -rrb- . look up above cover and see this big , locust thing runnin at you with a gun bigger than you body will make you wet . the game be hard , but it never get old . I cant really recall ever get angry at this game , it be just to fun . so if you like shooter and dont have this , its a must have .
Video_Games	NEU	3	these controller be great but some require some work . I have bough 3 . 1 come perfect out of the box . 1 I have to open and realign the dpad and one of the shoulder button . 1 the right shoulder board be smaller than the place for it so I hot glue it into place . these work excellent but the manufacturing leave something to be desire .
Video_Games	POS	5	buy this because of the other customer review and it be cheaper than the official microsoft one . turn out to be a great choice . Voice quality seem to be a lot better and it be just more comfortable than the original . good buy : -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	I wait a long time after release before buy this game , hope that the numerous bug would have be work out . unfortunately it still crash constantly , and once you have a corrupt save game you be screw . if it work right it might be a good game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	when I get my action replay of course I be excite and it fun to use it , but after my first week of have it , it break . when I put the action replay in my dsus with a game the screen come up white . so , I look up how to fix it and it seem like a lot of other people have this problem and could not fix it . so I would not recommend this to anybody .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game kick ... ! its get alotof action and great graphic . shoot a office building and look real close , you 'll see glass fall . shoot a enemy leg to make he less mobile -lrb- and a easier target : $ -rrb- its not too simple -- im stick on `` wolf in sheep . . '' be you gotta run to a enemy complex , stand there for 45sec . and then run like hell to a pick up point wich as of now ive get no clue where it be . anyway ! ... the soundtrack just ok but the graphic be the point  graphic : 10\/10  sound : 7\/10  Gameplay : 10\/10  Replay Value : 10\/10  immersion : 9\/10
Video_Games	NEG	2	the only reason I continue to play to story mode of Tron : evolution be to gain the story itself . it set up a critical point that in the story which the movie mention . this be not a game about the movie , but rather a prequel to it . in keep with the movie however , the word be pretty , although very similar and tiresome by a hour in . that be say , that be basically where the positive thing end . the game be you basic `` button smasher '' with little thought behind what you be do . you simply have to figure out which disk to throw at you enemy . that be the extend of the though require for this game most of you time play this game will be spend go back over thing you have do over and over . THe camera angle and poor movement result in you be `` derezz '' far too often , and you will find yourself go repeat the same section of the stage several time until you move ahead . this be not due to a lack of skill amongst any player , but rather the glitchiness of the game itself . this game be a rent at best
Video_Games	NEU	3	my 3 kid realy enjoy each of they d 's one be buy new and two use . it be very addictive . one thing I would caustion parent about the d 's they break but not like you think . my daughter 's break on the second day she have owend it . we buy it use , so we have no idea how old it be and of course no warrenty by manufacture . my daughter give it to I to set the time and such . I do so shut it and then want to ck something open it again -lrb- this be with out sit it down -rrb- and as I open it the d 's hing crack . I do some reserch and find this be very common . so if you child hing break do not get mad at you child it be a failur flaw of the d it be self . I also strongly advise you spend the money for a screen protecter as they do get scratch up . they be fun but i feel they price be to high for they qulity . I hope this info help you in desige just how much you willing to spend for one . most game be $ 35 , - they go up to $ 50 , - but you can get they cheaper if you by use . beware of copy best way to avoid they be to buy from US seller only . please do not hold this info aginst Amazon or the seller on amazon i buy from , this be nentendo flaw not theirs .
Video_Games	POS	4	the Nintendo Wii be not a friendly environment for first person shooter which be a shame because the Wiimote\/Nanchuk be a awesome substitute for the mouse\/keyboard combo . no , the main problem be that FPS 's tend to push system to they limit and the fact of the matter be that compare to compete system the Wii be a wimpy little girl at polygon push . I be play FPS 's on the pc well over a half decade ago with better graphic than the latest Goldeneye and a game like call of duty on xbox or PS3 look so much better and run so much smoother which be why I tend to stick to game within the Wii 's graphical capability like Punch out and Mario Kart . Goldeneye be a excellent fp compare to other on the Wii but compare to cod4 : Modern Warfare on Xbox it be quite ugly . the big question be why Goldeneye . Goldeneye be one of the most ground breaking first person shooter ever and a game that I put many MANY hour into . it be also by far the best Pierce Brosnan Bond movie . this Goldeneye be a re-imagining of the movie radically change the story . the character name remain the same -lrb- Orumov , Trevelyan , Simonova -rrb- but they be completely change and unrecognizable from the original character and none of the change be improvement . Onatopp , for instance look like Cruella Deville in a pimp costume and sadly Boris Grishenko be completely jettison . the plot be change so that bond appear in all the event of the story for instance bond be at Severnaya when the Goldeneye blast hit . in order to get Bond there the writer include a full attack on the Severnaya base by russian soldier under Orumov 's order . the Severnaya guard send out a alert pick up by mi6 who then send bond to investigate . this do not make sense on several level . First of all the whole point of steal the EMP resistant helicopter be so that Orumov could draw as little attention to himself as possible as he steal the Goldeneye code from the almost completely unguarded research station . have this massive assault make the Tiger helicopter essentially superfluous and make it pretty much impossible that Orumov could get with he scheme without everyone know he do it . the game retain the interrogation scene almost word for word but how could Defense Minister Mishkin possibly think bond be behind the theft of the Goldeneye ? do bond also command dozen if not hundred of russian troops to attack the facility ? in almost every case where the character or plot be change it be to the detriment of the story . Goldeneye get the control scheme correct with the Wiimote\/Nanchuk . you move with the nanchuk control stick and control direction with the Wiimote so you direction essentially follow the reticule . there be strafing , run and gun and lean which in my opinion be absolute must but I still see FPS 's that do not have they . press ` z ' button give you limited lock-on but it can be frustrate when the game decide to lock on something other than what you be try to hit . the biggest problem be that the gun seem to have serious problem aim high and low . targeting upward will generally give you a angry red circle with a line through meaning you can not fire which can be brutal when someone be shoot you from above . likewise there can be some frustration when try to shoot downward . also , the control can sometimes seem to get lose and just float around or lock up . by and large when I be run and gun through a area I be fine and loving it but the target problem come along more than occasionally . there be one part in the game where I need to escape a burning train by shoot off some lock and my aim absolutely refuse to respond elicit more than a bit of profanity . I can not overstate how much of a problem this can be when the control suddenly refuse to obey . I can not deny there be much awesomeness to be have in the new Goldeneye . the sniper rifle and night vision goggles be do well and I love the tank section although the end where Bond stop Orumov 's train be lame compare to the movie . player can play more of a stealth game -lrb- which be do exceedingly well -rrb- or shoot they way through the whole thing . the control scheme be do well if a bit bitchy and often frustrating . personally I do not like that they use Goldeneye because it be neither a homage to the original rare game nor a improvement on the story of the film . the Memorial Park scene be a great level but the end be terrible compare to the film on the other hand the ` cradle ' scene be a sight to behold . this be the first bond game I have buy in year and I would have to say that for its era this be the second best bond game I have play after the original Goldeneye and the best fp I have see on the Wii . Goldeneye game show a lot of effort put into it include a really slick menu system but there be some graphical glich like float gun and fall through the ground that take I back but not in a good way . I have criticize a lot but this be a quality game if you can overlook a few very frustrating issue . just do not set you expectation too high or you might be disappoint .
Video_Games	POS	5	Great Game !
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have be a avid fan of the previous four civilization game and be very shock to find in order just to install Civ 5 I need to subscribe to the service of steam . I have dealings with this company once before and find they gaming service do not always work and get in touch with they support be next to impossible . the game description say `` initial installation require one-time internet connection for Steam authentication '' but even after authentication it require Steam to load so by `` one-time '' I guess it mean once every time you try to play the game . I be return the game now .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be a cable . it be quite long . it work . I buy my husband a set of wireless headphone to use with he xbox 360 for he birthday . unfortunately , the cable that we have for the xbox -lrb- a gift , receive without a box and probably use -rrb- do not have the correct port for the audio connection need for the headphone . this cable have the correct port and arrive quickly -lrb- and cheaply ! -rrb- . no brainer if you xbox come with the older version of this cable and you need the extra connection .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a present for my son as well and he love the game . Easy installation and be quickly play after-ward . graphic be awesome as well as game play . if you be into WOW highly suggest cataclysm expansion .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I think this thing suck . I have to save up 180 dollar , andus only get 5 a week . it be too expensive , wheras the GameCube be a mere 100 . the conroller have too many button , and it be too small . the GameCube controller be just right . it do have more game ; I 'll give it that . but , be they all good ? a few , maybe , but most be bloody , gory , rude , and just downright boring . it be mostly sport and shooting . it have no big franchise besides Grand theft auto , which I do not understand why it be so fun . Nintendoo have : Mario , Zelda , StarFox , Metroid , Mario Kart , plus Animal Crossing . so , the message I be convey here be ps2 be no good , buy a GameCube .
Video_Games	POS	4	this third party battery be a perfect fit in all four of we wireless controller as well as the Microsoft fast charger . recharge time and length of useable time be similar to that of the Microsoft battery . while some reviewer have complain about battery that do not fit , I have to question why they do not send they back at that time . Amazon will exchange a defective product with free return shipping . at one third the cost of the Microsoft brand battery , these be a bargain .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be true the server be down , but you have to give ea time to work out all the bug and glitch in the system . do not rate this game badly because of temporary server issue that will undoubtedly be fix in the near future along with the minor game glitch . the campaign be awesome and I be content to play that alone until the server be fix .
Video_Games	POS	5	quite simply I have no word to describe this game , definitely one of the best I have purchase , thoroughly recommend as you will not regret
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be really cartoony \/ arcade . Super fun though to have the Legend vs the New guy ... awesome animation ! much fun !
Video_Games	NEG	2	these headphone be great with the exception of a couple thing . 1 . they go through battery like you wouldnt believe . if you tv be close enough I would go with the wire . 2 . Mine do not work anymore and I be roughly 2 week over my return date for amazon . I can return they for half what I pay for they but seriously who want to do that . the problem with mine be you can barely hear any sound with they turn all the way up and other player voice go in and out . I have put new battery in it and it do not change anything . this item would probably be best buy at a store where you can do a even exchange if something like this come up .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have enjoy all the other game but the folk on this line be correct ... it be terrible . I spend six hour try different way to configure it to work without success . the character sometimes move and cast spell and then they just stand there . I have a friend who also have it and have the same problem . since they make the money I be sure they do not care , but this game be something that should be replace with something that work . this will be the last one that I buy and I be over 60 but young at heart .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have be die to get my hand on this game for a long time and jump when I see Amazon have it . just as I expect its similar to the Munchables on the wius . Gameplay : when you start the game you be place in a training level that allow you to get use to the control and use the Katamari . Trust I you 'll need it . it take I awhile to get use to control the Katamari and even though i finish the game it still fill a bit akward at time . you move by tilt both anologue stick in the same direction . the anologue stick be gonna be use for just about everything and will take time to get use to . it can get annoying becaise as the Katamari get bigger it get harder to control depend on the Princes stamen . run into object you can not pick up cause you to loose item . the quick turn will become you best friend for level where there be ton of huge object . another thing that annoy I be when I get big I end up get stick in narrow spot make navigation a b \*\*\*\* expecially in the city level . after awhile I learn how to avoid these problem . it do take time to get use and some level of skill . once use to it the control become pretty simple . Story : the story of the game basically go like this . you play as the Prince who be send to earth to roll up object in a speare like object call a Katamari . you be do this because you father , the king of the cosmos , accidently destroy they all -lrb- the prickxd -rrb- . the big ball of object you pick up will becaome either Stardust , a Star , or even a constellation . you be give a time limit in just about every level to pick up as many object as you can or as many of a particular object . its pretty straight foward . the level I have the most trouble with , and I be happy there only two of they , be the Ursa Mijor and Tarus level . I hate these level with a passionxd you have to pick up just one of a particular object and more time than none you 'll get a big katamarus and end up pick up a small bull or bear make all you hard work for nothing -rrb- . -lrb- you get the best score if you pick a huge version of the object , but the world be scatter with they of different size . if you pick up one you do not want by accident it automatically end . that be a pain in ass . graphic : the graphic be nothing special , but thier not bad either . everything in the game look like toy . I would not say lego , but some type of toy similar to lego . I actually enjoy check out the scenario . I never play anything that look the way this game look . music : whoever make this game music be evilXD if you play this game prepare to hear these track in you sleep ! I find myself relax and hum to the jazzy tune it play ! I do not know japenese , but it do not stop I from try to sing along to the musicXD length : the game be really , really short . you could finish it within a few hour , but there alot of replayability if you want to find all the present , object , make the biggest star you can , and unlock other thing . there also a two player mode , but i can not say much about it because I currently have noone to play it with -lrb- I be the last child in the housexd -rrb- . it have its flaw , but Katamari Damacy be a really addicting and fun game once you get into it . Thier be even moment where I laugh because there be some amusing object and peaple in the game you collect . the King himself serve as some good comic relief too . I just wish it be longer . its not for hardcore player but its good if you just want to sit back and casually play a game like I . I highly recommend it .
Video_Games	NEU	3	Update : I play the multiplayer version , not impressed at all . you will have fan boy who will always say this be the best game , but if you look close at the game you will see its not a worthy follow up . the game commercial be better than the actual game . this be for the pc version . activation have take the series a giant step back and I be not talk back to the 1960 's . the graphic be not as good as call of duty 4 : Modern Warfare . the game play be ok , but the solo campaign be easily finish in 4-6 hour in hard mode . the game be full of historical inaccuracy in regard to the weapon available at the time you suppose to be play in . for instance the SPAS 12 show up a full 12 year before it be even make . I pick up a AK-47 that have a flame thrower attach to the underside of it . all that could be forgive if the game have great graphic and level , but it do not . the game 's character be not up to the same level as the Modern Warfare series either . in black op , you just do not care about the lead character like you do in the other series . the sr71 scene could have be cool , but instead it end up be a move you squad around a map , zoom in and take control , fight , go back to the map to move they . Kinda lame consider the sr71 be a photo reconnaissance plan . you do not get to take pic while fly at Mach 3 dodging missile be fire at you . you can tell Infinity Ward do not make this game and its too bad they and activation have a fall out . the Modern Warfare series be great and I have fun play the game . my other gripe be that the game use Steam . I just do not like buy a game , take it home , put in the dvd and have to download content . I also be not a big fan of Steam , but that be a whole other story . I have not even try the multi player part of the game , so I can not comment on it . what could have be a grand slam home run end up be a double .
Video_Games	POS	5	pokemon Crystal be the BEST game Nintendo have release for the Gameboy Color System ! it be the first pokemon game that allow player to choose whether they want to play as a boy or a girl trainer !! this be something Nintendo should have do before ... anyway , Crystal have the best animation of any pokemon Gameboy game I have see too , and it only work for Gameboy Color . although this game have not be release in the usa or Canada to date , I have play the japanese version . even without full understanding of the game I have fun play it ... graphic , color , storyline , pokemon to catch ... it be all fantastic ! buy pokemon Crystal today and you wo not be sorry ! you 'll have a blast ! -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	the strike be as close to actually fishing as a game can be ! it be challenging and full of surprise ! one word of caution . . skip the extra cost of the `` fishing pole '' . it be more of a impediment that a asset when play the game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I purchase this game when it be on sale for $ 15 on another website . I want something that would get I active and -lrb- hopefully -rrb- lose a few pound in the progress . I start the 9 week program first on medium . I currently have 7 workout leave in the program and have lose 12 pound in 8 week . I have not change my diet , but I do try to walk at least 30 minute a day during the week -lrb- I walk around 4.3 mph -rrb- . at first the game be frustrating , as I want to do rep at my speed , but you have to do they at the game 's pace . for instance , when you do a lunge , you have to hold the lunge for around 2 seconds instead of go down , then come back up from the lunge . once I figure out to wait for the game to start the rep , I do not get as frustrated . the heart rate monitor have be a little wonky lately . I 'll do a cardio exercise and will end with my heart rate around 155 . a few seconds later when I start the next activity , it will say my heart rate be 115 . it be only start do this lately , but it do not do it that often . if you be look to get active and build up you leg , and hit some other area , then this be a good game to get . I 'll probably continue do exercise even after the 9 week program be do .
Video_Games	NEG	1	-lrb- review edit -rrb- disappoint !!!!!!! the 1.4 patch have break the 360 . i dont know how many player have experience this but my game now lock up completely . im at level 57 and i cant progress any further . to make thing worse it corrupt my 360 and give it the rrod ... let I say i have no issue with my 360 performance prior to skyrim and the new patch . once i get my 360 repair i will not download ANY of the patch 's . i will play directly from the disc ... i will change my overall rating to 1 star . Bethesda fix the PS3 issue but they break the 360 game ... Shame on you Bethesda you need to be put out of business for such poor patching of you own game ... \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this along with a DSI for my wife and I find myself use it whenever she put it down . be in we 50 's we remember Mario in the 1980 's . back then we spend many a night play mario , well dejavue all over again . we love it and it be a must if you own a DSI .
Video_Games	POS	5	I just buy this game and it do not work ! I try my friend copy on he computer and it be awsome . I have no idea why it be not work but i be return it and get another copy and just for those people who say that you computer be not good enough , I do the system check to see if my computer could handle it and it tell I that my computer pass all of the test with fly color so great game , return copy , get another one and gonna play it all night .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I want to get this one . but I see the experience of people with the DRM embedded in this product . thank you very much to all of they ! they surely save I a good bunch of buck throw in this badly developed product . no way I be gonna buy anything have this kind of `` feature '' . no way I be gonna buy C&C; : ra3 unless ea strip it of all DRM protection and stuff . I choose to stay free ...
Video_Games	POS	4	I love this game . it have interesting character and a great story line . plus , some great puzzle . but ... I do not like the way it end . to I , be be like the creator just be sick of make it and end it in the fastest way possible . I wish it would have be a longer game .
Video_Games	POS	5	product as described , I receive a immediate email with the code . I would RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT for PURCHASE AS OPPOSED to BUYING IT in the store
Video_Games	POS	5	have lose many hour of sleep playing this game . love the update of the franchise as far as the uus and gameplay go
Video_Games	POS	5	this game can keep you occupy for awhile with the number of game it have on it . I find the shuffleboard , minus golf and pool to be the most enjoyable and the other game here be good as well . best of all the control be pretty simple . also the mini-golf be probably the best I have find out of any game because all the other try to get all fantasy and cutesy .
Video_Games	POS	5	I will start by say that I do not play rpg 's whatsoever . this game be outstanding in many way . the landscape be stunning , the quest -lrb- both minor and major -rrb- be entertaining , character be interesting , city be bustling , and combat be engage . I recommend this game to the absolute fullest and I promise you that you will get you money 's worth . for 60 dollar you get a game that can actually be play infinitely as the game generate new quest that will take you to area you might not have be to yet . there be some moment of lag and object move through each other but these be minor , minor thing that take nothing away from this incredible experience . please buy this game , you will not regret it .
Video_Games	POS	4	I own a Wii and a xbox 360 . I be come to the realization that the reason why I have these two console be not just because I want the exclusively licensed game content for each -lrb- such as Zelda on the Wii or Halo on the xbox -rrb- , but it be become more and more apparent to I that the Xbox be my single-player console , and the Wii be my multiplayer console . I tend to play immersive first-person single player game that take advantage of the hd graphic and audio power of the xbox 360 , while the Wii be generally use to play multiplayer game , especially when we have friend over . this game will not disappoint on that front . the action be frantic and hilarious . the microgame consist of dozen -lrb- Nintendo claim around 200 in total -rrb- of different task center around a number of `` form '' or start position . for instance , the first form you will encounter be the Remote Control , and you hold the Wiimote just like you be hold the tv 's remote control . from this position you might be task with accomplish anything from toss some stir-fry in a saute pan to flip pancake , or shooting can or even bounce a tennis ball on a racquet . there be form like `` the Handlebars '' where you hold the Wiimote crosswise with both hand , or `` the Diner '' where you hook up the nunchuk attachment and hold the two controller like a fork and knife . Pretty much every microgame be time to last just a few seconds so you have to think - and act ! - quickly . the more you play , the better you 'll recognize the challenge , but that do not mean they be easy ! each type of microgame generally have at least three level of difficulty , and in addition to get harder you 'll typically find that either you have less time as you get farther into a series of challenge . the single-player game be really just about introduce the various form and unlock different activity , culminate in unlock the multiplayer game . you should be able to complete the single-player portion in a hour or two to unlock multiplayer mode . Multiplayer mode offer additional game -lrb- two to start , and play through each one unlock another game , which unlock another , for a total of 7 or 8 multiplayer style that accommodate anywhere from 2-12 player , depend on the game . this be where what I see as the first real shortcoming of Smooth move come in ... you can only use one Wiimote at a time . it seem pointless to force player to pass the Wiimote back and forth -lrb- especially since the action be usually happen fairly quickly , and Nintendo insist that you must wear the wrist safety strap , which can make it sometimes difficult to get ready in time for you turn -rrb- . allow the use of up to 4 wiimote would be much preferable . if you be not into the multiplayer experience , then you will definitely want to pass on this game . it be a fun game to run through , but after a few hour you would be bore out of you mind . this be primarily a party-oriented game for 2-4 player -lrb- though as I say , some game allow for up to as many as 12 player take turn -rrb- . it be kind of like the popular card game Uno . . not so much fun for two people , and much better with four - the more people you get play the more fun it be for everyone . a lot of the game cause you to do crazy thing that everyone will be laugh about so it be not a lot of just sit around , wait for you turn .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Square enix have go downhill and never look back , 13 be indeed the biggest disappointment , i will keep this short and simple ... First of all , the story be too linear . I think it be okay , as long as story be good , but it isnt , it be overall very cliche and the story do not feel complete at all ... turn out square enix seem to be take the advantage of the exist fan base and plan to squeeze out more money from the player by make a sequel . second , character development , this be the first ff game that i can not find a lovable character . the character ' personality feel vague ... I cant help but think that square enix spend too much time on the graphic and totally forget to take care character development -lrb- this also apply to story as well -rrb- Third , battle system , too simple , even a 10 year old can beat the game without a sweat . if i be to play a game for 30 + hour , and its story suck , character be dull , the gameplay experience better be good ... and square enix fail again some of you may think give it a 1 star be too harsh , but this be how disappointed i be ... I will not buy another ff game again ... Sigh ...
Video_Games	POS	5	I be 58 and be love the Zumba . I be slowly get rid of my muffin top ! I get so tired of the Wii Fit Plus tell I I be overweight , well , duh , why do you think I be do this !?! this be fun , get you heart pump , and you actually get result . I have lose weight ! no , really . I have be do it at least 4 to 5 time a week . it work . and boy , you will too !
Video_Games	POS	5	this headset I have have for year ... fantastic . . they still hold , no problem at all the sound Quality over the x-32 be so much better ... as where I can hear footstep from a mile away with these headphone I can barley hear anything with the x-32 ... these may be a slighty more expensive , but trust I they be the better product
Video_Games	POS	5	so far the cable be still work . since my tv break , I want to hookup my xbox to my desktop monitor and my desktop speaker . this package be perfect for a monitor setup if you want to use VGA . what I be very glad to see what come with the package be the little adapter that you hook up to connect you audio from the xbox to the input of any external speaker . Perfect buy .
Video_Games	POS	5	have you ever see a 3 year old addict ? buy this game and you will . no more Reader Rabbit . no more Mickey Mouse Toddler . no more jumpstart . Thomas , Thomas , Thomas ! and it have not stop with software . he be move on to video and book . he be recently begin play directly with the train . we have try to get he into rehab but they be all full .
Video_Games	POS	5	I do not actually own this game yet but play it at a friend house . it be very challenging and take a little bit to understand what all the power mean but once you get the hang of it you can play for hour without realize it .
Video_Games	POS	4	pokemon black be a great game for return and new player of the franchise . I have play every generation but take some time off because I just wasnt use my d that much for gaming anymore . I go out of town for two week recently and decide to pick this game up . Black be fun ! the graphic of the d be really utilize in my opinion . the pokemon game have never really be about visual but it be a nice plus . my second point would have to be about the online . the multiplayer be awesome for this game . everything from trading from the pc to rank online match with a elo rating system . Game freak really listen to the fan when it come to the online . with Black 's expansive endgame after beat the league and rewarding battle system for any player , I would have to highly recommend this game for the newcomer or the hardcore veteran like myself . if you have lose faith with the pokemon series Black and White will restore it for you . ca not wait for the sequel .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be such a fun game and not only for the kid adult as well ! there be a variety of song new and old ! great family game or just one .
Video_Games	POS	5	it can be use for you tv and computer and you xbox almost anything but be the best on the xbox
Video_Games	POS	5	love it , this controller be awesome and have no comparison . I be very happy with my purchase . . also the mw3 controller be ship quickly ...
Video_Games	POS	5	Kasey 's review : this game be awesome . he be 11 year old and the first night he play it until 5:00 in the a.m. when he mother have to tell he to go to bed . he love the game . I hope this help !
Video_Games	NEU	3	my grandson get frustrated with some of the game because they be too hard for he also for a adult . he love Cars and very excite to play it but it be not easy and just give up after not be able to complete the game .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a good game , but I have a few reccomendation and I have find a few flaw . here be a list of they . Mr. Clanky - it be cool that you unlock he after you win the backyard world series but you can ` t put he on you normal team , in fact you can only use he in a single game ! player - they be basicly good but they skill rating be a little off on a few of they , for instance a person who the game say be great at batting , like Barry Bonds can really be pretty bad at it . trading - I haven ` t get far but I be pretty confident that there be not and will not be a trading option , and i think that it would be cool if you could trade with other player or the computer . skill - it would be nice if you player skill rating increase with the experience they get from game . graphic - the graphic be ok but not anything special . I think this be a good game and that be why I give it four star , so I can ` t wait to get the upcome version .
Video_Games	POS	5	there be a very thorough review for the Wii version of the game , so I take a chance that the d version would be as good for my two boy -lrb- 5 & 8 -rrb- . we just receive the game yesterday and so far they have have a lot of fun play it . the quest seem very simple -lrb- just go to the next place with the big yellow star -rrb- so even though my 5 year old can not read he can still do just fine with it . they start play it and then ask for some help , so I be not sure if they miss some of the clue or if there be better direction in the box , but it do take we a little while to figure out the strategy for gain new attack and how best to use strategy when fight the other dragon . my boy love modify character , so have a place to customize they dragon be great and they love simple battle game . from what I remember , the Wii review fit what we be see with the d version too . the only complaint they have have so far be that the multi-player seem to be just to battle each other , which I would have expect , and not to hep each other along on they quest . give the simple nature of the `` quest '' I do not think do it together would work , but that be a kid 's perspective . it be not like the detailed quest you do in Lego game like Star Wars or Indiana Jones , which they enjoy do together and have in mind for `` multiplayer '' experience .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a gift for we grandson for Christmas , and we becamae the best Grands EVER !!! he have want this game since it come out , and this be a great price . delivery be fast and as promise and lot of fun on Christmas morning !
Video_Games	NEU	3	if you have a hdtv and you be try to hook up a Playstation 3 , do not bother with this $ 4 cable , get a hdmus instead . I use this cable with my PS3 on a Philips SDTV for a while and do not notice anything , but when I finally upgrade to a 32 '' VIZIO 1080p lcd and plug my Playstation 2 in , there be a very noticeable ghost effect on the dvd player setting menu -lrb- the image be double faintly and shift to the right -rrb- . I switch back to use my universal 360\/ps3\/wii cable from Energizer and it go away , so if you have a SDTV you should be fine with this cable but look elsewhere for high definition .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be exactly what I be hope for , very responsive button . . I use Nintendo Emulator\/Rom 's , and it be like I be back in the 80 's with this controller .
Video_Games	POS	5	I only get this game cause my little cousin have it and he beg I to try it . the graphic be amazing and it be easy and fun to boot . I have always have a hard time with race game be too short , this one be not there be 32 + track and plenty to do . Multiplayer be fun ... blow into the mic if you do not want to lose in one hit ... I have to figure that out . also I have play every mario kart game to date and this be the best overall . save for Mario 64 d , this be one game to try on d .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be one of the few place I could find a 1019 original gc memory card online . be have problem with the Wii over a 3rd party memory card so I buy this one to prevent any future corrupted save !
Video_Games	NEG	2	the graphic be not that bad , the video be not bad either , but like what everyone say before , this game have stuff that make no sense . like the developer leave out the little detail . for example , for the task , one person will ask you to clean out `` Comet 's stall '' but the person never say which of the , what , maybe 10 stall stable be Comet 's . same with be ask to take someone else 's horse to pasture . . I later notice he horse look the same as the horse I choose on the second level . so many glich as well . for example , it will not let I let go of the horse , or let I put the horse in its stall , drive I nut ! its ashamed because the game have so much potential . it just need to be more user friendly and logical .
Video_Games	POS	5	my first thought the build quality be very nice . the sound in black op . bad company2 . etc. . in one word ... excellent . if you be look for sound cue to get the jump on other in a game , these heads-phone work great . test with a movie as well , also very good ... have not try they with music . overall I recommend they highly , the price be very good for the quality . no problem so far . .
Video_Games	POS	4	halo 3 be just release . Bungie should have pay closer attention to Gears of War . First of all , let I get out of the way that I never play online multiplayer , so I can not comment on that aspect and it be totally unimportant to I in game . as to the game itself , I find it to be a shallow storyline , with a weak , undeveloped plot , that be highly linear -lrb- you do not get any choice about how to approach thing -rrb- and would have be predictable if there have be enough exposition for there to be anything to predict . but what it do well , it do really , really well , which be totally intense no-holds-barred action . 1 . the graphic , which be not terribly bright or colorful , be still fantastic . all movie do not have to be shoot in bright daylight in easily-viewed scene . nor do all game . most of this game occur under cloudy sky or underground . nothing wrong with that . in fact , it make the game more gloomy and give it a nicely-darkened feeling that impact the emotion of the game . that say , the texture , the art , be all great . the building , people , bad guy , weapon , and especially the explosion and mayhem -lrb- and I mean that literally -rrb- be very well do . it be very intense . a lot be make of graphic and people sometimes rightfully point out that the graphic do not make a great game . that be true . but good graphic can add ton of positive atmospherics to a game and really immerse a player and I think this game do as good of a job at that as any I have play . 2 . the sound be also brilliant . I love the whistle bullet , scream bad guy , etc. . what I do not like be all the gratuitous swearing . look , I be sure to the target audience 16-year old high school hooligan , swearing about evil bad guy be , like , totally awesome , or whatever kid say these day . for the rest of we , it be stupid because it mean we have to turn the volume down in we house with we wife or kid around , and it make a video game unnecessarily crass . one occassional , whisper `` oh my God '' can be a thousand time more impactful than a dozen `` s % ! t my weapon jam ! '' over and over again . anyway , just a personal thing but I wish these game company would get away from the cussing . sound otherwise be great . 3 . the gameplay be the best thing about it , though . the cover system be highly intuitive ; you run up against something and press a button and boom , the character model mold to the cover , and then can move around near it and fire over or around it , etc. . the cover system be also useful in how it jumpstart move throughout the environment -lrb- such as switching from one piece of cover to another -rrb- . running be do by hold down a button , you can not fire while run as you put you head down and just go , but it look very cool and realistic . 4 . the game be short , but other people seem to be better at it than I since it take I twice as long as some other people . I think it take I a solid 18 hour , but I regularly read about people say they beat it in 6 hour . I must just suck at these game . anyway , still feel short to I . 5 . the plot be weak not because it be not a cool plot , but because there be some gaping hole that do not make any sense . for example , why be the main character in prison ? how do that effect anything else during the game at all ? why be it interesting that he return to the family demens later on ? why do that matter ? -lrb- answer , it do not , because nothing be ever make of it in the game -rrb- . what be that mapping thing ? what be the sonar weapon ? I think these game , and it be not unique to Gears , need a very solid backstory\/comic\/short novel to be sell with the game that describe all this stuff -- perhaps to be read as you progress through the game ? because the cut scene be cool but they just leave too many hole . overall , a fine game . very thrilling and fun and intense . the weakly-explained plot detract from a five star to make it a four .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the controller break from the analog thumbstick the first time i use it . the quality of it be just awful . i guess you get what you pay for . at least it should have work a couple month ! do not buy this type of controller from this seller .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I love the build quality of this headset , and I can tell it be build to last . the sound quality be superb , and the headset itself be very lightweight and comfortable . my only problem be with the microphone . it have a `` noise canceling '' feature that set the threshold way too high . I play at night , and I need to talk somewhat quietly , but the microphone do not even detect normal-volume speech . I be force to raise my voice if I want to speak , and even then the headset seem to ignore the first few word that I say before it start transmit . one little issue as well : the mic do not seem to have active voice monitoring , which be something you do not even realize be there until it be go . my Turtle Beach x31 headset have it , and it be strange not have it . pro : Lightweight Comfortable durable stylish good sound quality\/bass con : microphone be not nearly sensitive enough no active voice monitoring -lrb- muffle you voice and sound odd -rrb- unfortunately , I would not recommend this to a friend , but it may be good for you , especially if you speak somewhat loudly .
Video_Games	NEG	1	we have prisoner of Azkaban for the pc . it be a much better game than this one . you be actually allow to use the mouse , unlike in gof ! we also have the order of the Phoenix for Wii . that be get it be problem too , but at least the game be write with that platform in mind - this game be simply a Playstation game plop onto a pc platform . Ugh . buy Azkaban instead , and do not waste you money on this one .
Video_Games	POS	5	I purchase another controller think it charge two of the normal PS3 controller and two move controlelr -- but it only charge one move and one nav controller . this one will charge 4 of any combination of move or nav controller . I also believe it hold they better than my other controller , provide positive feedback as to the charge status -lrb- and when it be do -rrb- and have a power button -lrb- my other one do not and thus be always drain electricity -rrb- .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Compre el xbox en usa y I lo enviaron por medio de una casilla . I llego a Chile y al conectarlo funciona por alguno minutos y luego comnienza a apagarse y prenderse !!!!! UFFF , , , , terrible , hacer una compra de un producto nuevo y no funciona . Lamentablemente el xbox lo tengo en Chile y lo representantes de la marca I dicen que la garantia no corre en mi pais ... no lo puedo creer , ahora I quedo con un xbox con kinect de adorno o florero . Muy mala experiencia , segunda vez que I pasa algo parecido , no le recomiendo a nadie comprar asus .
Video_Games	POS	5	dualshock 3 Wireless Controller - Red  oh yeah and this be cheap compare to 54.00 plus tax
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a amazing controller , especially since it have the best trigger and control pad , but I do not like how it be too light . I like some weight on my controller . however , it be perfect for those who with sweaty hand , since the grip be rugged enough to have a firm hold , and still be comfortable . not only that , it be incredibly responsive , and the clicking be a nice sound to hear , especially in a fighting game . it be perfect for those `` I know I press that BUTTON !!!! '' moment . I do get my package lose in the mail , but end up contact the company who give I a refund . end up buy the controller again , and this time get it ! awesome guy , and great product !
Video_Games	POS	4	we buy this game for we 6-year-old when he get he d . then we could not keep it out of the hand of we 3-year-old , who also love it , and can actually play it . it be actually fun for mom and dad , too .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be a must for any Daria fan ! I buy it last year from amazon and I love it !! -lrb- yeah by the way I be really 16 , not under 13 , but I do not have my own account so I be post my review like this ... -rrb- okay so anyway , this game be really fun and amusing . and it be really funny because it have all these joke from Daria and Sick Sad World . if you love the show , you 'll love this game . especially since the graphic make it look like a real episode of Daria - it be animated the same way and look awesome - it be like be in a actual episode that you control ! and although I will agree that this game be more for real Daria fan than hardcore gamer , it be still pretty challenging because there be some obstacle and puzzle that do take some think to figure out -lrb- although nothing be too annoying or impossible to figure out -rrb- . it be a very enjoyable gam eto play ! and once you finish , it be fun to go back and play again with a friend -lrb- although it be only for one player at a time - but alternate be fun -rrb- . yeah , so buy this game because I promise you 'll love it !
Video_Games	POS	4	seriously , for $ 9 it be really not that bad . the control stick be stiff and the l1 button need a bit more pressure . also it do not feel like the l2 and r2 button be pressure sensitive . other than that it work pretty decently on my PS3 . I have play this controller on my pc for hour and do multiplayer on my PS3 for hour as well and though my friend also feel the control stick be stiff it still work well for he as well . as a second controller or a backup controller it work pretty well , work decently on pc as well and take about 3 or 4 seconds to automatically install the driver require . also , the picture give be not exactly what the controller look like . the face button have normal shape on they just like the Sony brand controller .
Video_Games	POS	5	ever since I give the game to my kid -lrb- 6 and 8 yr -rrb- for x-ma , they play chess . they even play with a real board and learn more and more about the game . great start for bud chess enthusiast .
Video_Games	POS	4	call of duty black op be the 5th cod installment for the PS3 . while it have its moment of great fun and entertainment , it just seem to be lack a little bit when compare to the Modern Warfare game . while I have hear mixed opinion of the game , from its lack in graphic compare to MW to the enjoyment of a older war -lrb- but not WWII old -rrb- , I be not sure what to expect . after play the game through on single player , I find all of the aforementioned statement to be accurate . the time frame be great . while I love the MW game , and will always enjoy a good WWII game , it be nice to be able to play a game set during lesser covered war and time period . this time open the door for different weaponry , both arms\/chemical weapon and military grade vehicle , as well as differ approach to historical event and method of interrogation . all of these area be welcome in a market that have be quickly saturate with fp military game . the game be graphically sound . sure it be not up to par with mw , but do all game really need to be ? the entertainment factor more than make up for what be very good graphic any way . character , weaponry , and environment all have great detail . the game 's biggest downfall , in my opinion , be the fact that it take place through memory during a less-than-friendly interrogation conduct by unknown person . this be exactly what ea 's battlefield 3 have do more recently . it be not the past tense time frame that bother I but rather the interrogation between each level . it be very repetitive and between catch the player off-guard in the begin to deliver a shocking ending , it become little more than a dull load-time in the middle . overall , this be a good game . if you be a single player person and do not have any cod yet , I would suggest MW 1 and\/or 2 . if you be online focus , this be probably a better choice as it be newer . either way , it be worth playing .
Video_Games	POS	4	this headset work great . I use they with my reciever which have Dolby Headphone to get near true surround . they be crystal clear most of the time . however , I find that certain wifus channel can interfere with they since they use the same 2.4 ghz band . just pick you channel to find one that do not interfere .
Video_Games	POS	5	I dont have much to say on the campaine but the multiplayer be great . on the map u can get over a dozen different kind of wepon -lrb- sadly u can only hold 2 at a time -rrb- . and also there be like a dozen vehicle like warthog , ghost , banshee , scorpion tank and there a few more . and there a lot of map and if u really want to do a lot of multiplayer -lrb- brother sister friend ect . -rrb- by the halo map pack , lot of cool map . in conclusion pro : great story great mutiplayer con : mom dad girlfriend hate it .
Video_Games	POS	4	as a person who do not like gym setting , I need something to keep I move and interested . I have to say I be very pleased with this purchase . exercise be of good selection , and I can change they up , if need to push myself . it come with a resistance band , or you can edit it to hand weight . the resistance band be a little cheap , and some of my rep do not get acknowledge unless I have the band as short as possible . you can use the balance board with this , but I have yet to do so . I have complete the 3-week cardio kick , and now start on the 9-week program . have lose 2 lb already . great purchase .
Video_Games	POS	4	Fallout New Vegas be a great compromise between the older turn base game of the past , and Bethesda 's new first person take on the setting . it combine the upgrade in technology , with the stronger writing of the original game . one of the big problem I always have with `` Fallout 3 '' be that it be miss a lot of the trademark humor of the original game , and everything seem a bit `` off '' for the world . with `` New Vegas '' Fallout again feel truely like Fallout , have member of the original team do the writing , develop the npc , and so on be a good idea . this installment also seem to better empathize the rpg element of the game as it be a bit more difficult to create a `` perfect '' character who can do everything , especially early on . what be more there be more `` hard '' stat requirement for certain thing make it so that only very specific type of character be go to have certain option . it encourage thought , specialization , and of replay the game to experiment a bit more than the previous installment do . I can however see how those who be not into rpg , or shooter fan who feel `` Fallout 3 '' be too rpg-like be go to feel the opposite however . the voice act for this installment be also pretty good , include both Michael Dorn -lrb- `` Worf '' , `` from Star Trek : the next generation '' , and a voice-actor veteran from Fallout 2 reprise he role from that game -rrb- , and Felicia Day -lrb- from `` the Guild '' , and `` Doctor Horrible 's Sing along Blog '' -rrb- in the role of one of the companion who can join you on you travels ... both of whom do a decent job . I also feel that the general cast of voice actor and the backround chatter be better than other `` Gamebryo '' game like `` oblivion '' and `` Fallout 3 '' in general . what prevent I from give this game a full 5 star be both the requirement of use `` Steam '' for DRM , and the number of bug . give that this engine be use for both `` oblivion '' and `` Fallout 3 '' and this paticular game be under development for 2 year , I really do not see much of a excuse for some of the problem this game have accross all platform . overall , I think the bug be exagerrate by enraged fan , who be both irritated with the track record of `` Obsidian '' and how nobody have manage to clean up this engine despite it be use for three game -lrb- and on the verge of retirement -rrb- , however they be present and can be quite annoying . nothing you unlikely to be able to deal with by save with some frequency -lrb- as most player will do anyway -rrb- , but you still go to probably reload a few time due to improper spawning of something , or get a differant `` level up '' perk from the one you select somehow . these thing be be fix both quickly and successfully it seem , but the bottom line be that there be no excuse for this . if you get this game a month or two after release chance be the bug complaint be go to be a non-factor , since they really be do a solid job of fix the game -lrb- which be why I still go with a pretty high rating -rrb- . it be still unexcusable condition for a release though . the bottom line be to not expect this game to be `` forever break '' because of the initial report . in just the time it be be out there have be vast improvement .
Video_Games	NEU	3	in life , there be three thing that be certain : death , tax , and Capcom 's inability to count up . Arcade Edition -lrb- AE -rrb- be the third go Capcom have have with Street Fighter 4 and unlike the previous version , Super Street Fighter 4 -lrb- Super -rrb- , ae take sf4 backwards in game balance and ultimately seem to be a misguided attempt to cash in on sf4 's success . in term of add character , ae pale in comparison to Super . when Super be introduce , it add 10 new character to the sf4 roster while ae only add 4 new character to Super 's roster . while most of the addition Super bring in character-wise be praise by the community -lrb- ibukus , Guy , Juri -rrb- the new character in AE just leave people scratch they head . if you make a list of character people want to be include in AE , I be fairly sure yun and yang would not be anywhere near the top . however , since ae give you all the character from the previous version , it still seem like a great deal ... until you play against Yun . and you will play against Yun ... a lot . like all fight game , sf4 have have minor tweak to make the character more balanced . even though total equality be nigh impossible , you do not want a handful of character destroy the rest of the cast . Super have some standout -lrb- rufus , balrog -rrb- but overall , I feel it be a decently balanced game . I expect AE edition to continue the trend and smooth out the playing field . I be wrong . while most of the character from Super get significant nerf , Yun and Yang be grossly overpower . in essence , Capcom water down most of the previous cast and place two shark in the tank . be yun and yang unbeatable ? absolutely not , but if you be not one of the twin , you be go to have a nasty uphill fight . the balance issue in AE be boggle . pro + 4 New character + neat replay mode and search engine + cheap price con - the 4 new character be awful . two more shotokan and yun and yang ? - horrible balance issue - another version of sf4 conclusion : if you love Street Fighter , you be go to buy this . if you have never buy sf4 , this be the version you should get . however , I be disappointed that Capcom be unable to build upon the solid Super Street Fighter 4 version . this do not feel like a step forward , it feel like a step to the side and then a step back . pity .
Video_Games	NEG	2	the move controller do do what it be suppose to do . when you make a movement with the controller , the game react accordingly . that part work fine . but the other limitation drive I nut . first , you have to go through a calibration at the start of each minigame . not each time you put in the disc , but at the start of each minigame . it do not take a long time , but it be annoy that you have to go through that step . second , the game -lrb- maybe its limitation of the technology -rrb- expect you to stand in one place while you be play the game . during the calibration phase it have you move to a certain square in the field of view of the camera and stay there . if you move away from that location it throw off the motion sense . who stand in one spot while play a video game ? people naturally want to move around . it somewhat ironic that they call the product move , because that be exactly what you can not do . most of the minigame be fun within the limitation of the technology . but they be not really any better than Wii Sports or Wii Sports Resort other than move up to -lrb- not so great -rrb- hd graphic . in the end my brother and I play with this for a couple hour after I buy it and give up on it , and have hardly touch it since . I certainly will not be buy a second controller for another $ 40 . the basic idea of motion gaming might have some appeal , but this implementation be flaw right out of the gate . save you money and get a Wii or Kinect instead .
Video_Games	NEG	2	i have a high end system with a GeForce 6800 nVidia video card , and the game have many error . at first I have to run the game with low video setting to avoid the `` Directx unrecoverable error '' . then , I have to run it in safe mode to avoid the error . the tech support have many thing to try and be baffle at why the error be still occur on my high end system . about half way through the game the error still come up even in safe mode !! the gameplay be predictable , but still fun at time . I would wait til the price drop to about $ 20 to buy it ...
Video_Games	NEU	3	first off I just like to say I be sort of a fable fanboy . love fable 1 , like fable 2 , and now I tolerate fable 3 . fable 3 for all it be `` Revolution '' talk be not very revolutionary when it come to define itself as a epic rpg . I pre-order the collector 's edition and as usual Amazon give the best deal and I have 20 dollar credit which I 'll probably use on pre-ordering Dragon age 2 . the card and coin be cool as well as the clever way it look but they could have add a bit more maybe a developer 's commentary or making of the game dvd , etc. . anyone who preorder just for a certain special weapon would have loss out because you can beat this game by the default weapon you get at the beginning . I do not , but it be so easy you definately could . while this game be good , it be certainly not gonna make you top game of all time list . the pro of the game be the look and feel of the game along with the voice act . great atmosphere but the story be more or less just okay . I love how they add new combat finisher such as with the hammer crush skull and batting smaller enemy like hobbe like baseball . this happen randomly and be much more fun to watch then you continual hack and slash . however , they take away lop off head which I think be cool in the second one so I guess it cancel out ... sort of . the magic be do nicely and the combat as well but once again the combat be just too easy as have be the case in previous fable . I beat the game without get knock down once and plenty of potion and food to keep you nice and safe . just too easy . I guess Lionhead be try to expand it be customer to younger player or just everyone in general but eventually they be gonna lose out on hard core gamer if they have not already . be king be also nothing special and the segment between be king and the final battle feel really really short and the decision be not all that special and rememberable . and speaking of the final battle ... meh be all I have to say . it be better then fable 2 at least where there practically be no boss battle . Reaver shoot the dude for I before I could think of kill he . ca not remember he name that be how lame that be and I be sure I 'll forget about this easily forgettable boss in fable 3 . the money system be garbage as it too be way too easy to obtain and again the weapon and they `` bonus '' be worthless because you gonna have no trouble beat this with whatever weapon you find . there be not enough enemy to keep it interesting and ironically the one enemy in the fable series that be decently hard , at least early on , be the troll and they remove they from fable 3 . alas I love rpg but with game like Dragon age and mass effect among other fable be really start to dissapoint . it be good but not sixty buck good . try to get it cheaper or rent it as you could probably beat it really fast . take I awhile just because I like to collect all the item . yes I be obsessive like that . not sure I 'll get the next fable unless they make a good number of fix . I be a fan of the world but this game be too hyped and once again do not live up to it be potential .
Video_Games	POS	5	this computer game have a such a wonderful environment to explore ! I wish there be more of it ! the 3-d animated character be a nice improvement over the 2-d animation in `` secret can kill '' . the puzzle be fun , and the game play be addictive . this game be a little bit tougher than the last game ... you really have to hunt for those clue . `` Stay Tuned '' be perfect for anyone who love a good mystery . it be a refreshing alternative to the blood , gore and evil in the popular software game today . I highly recommend it .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a really fun game especially if you play against another person . I just wish there be more location to fight over . how about the rebel blockade Runner or the Death Star !
Video_Games	POS	4	I get this game and it be great , but it have only 1 drawback . it have a very slow load time due to the large map . besides that , its alot of fun .
Video_Games	NEG	2	honestly I be so excited to get this game and it be such a let down , maybe the Wii version be different but most of the time , the `` trainer '' could not see my arm . I change room , lighting , clothing and get the same result everytime . also the game lock up a couple of time and lose all info that I have ever exercise . the trainer would ask which area I want to target , no matter which body part I choose , the routine be always the same . great idea , need alot more work !
Video_Games	POS	4	this game have the potential to be very good , and on the other system I be sure it be so , but for the Wii the control degrade from full enjoyment . for example , you use the wiimote to change you view and shoot , while you use the nunchuck to walk and strafe . the jerky motion of the wiimote , which be difficult to properly stabilize , give the player the impression that they be a one-legged , drunken monkey , all the while try to peg scream german . if you buy this game , do not buy it for Wii !
Video_Games	POS	5	buy for my 10 year old , he love it and play with it often , but my 6 year old loovvee it , can not get enough . pretty much they only game they play on the ds .
Video_Games	POS	5	there be few thing in the gaming world that could be refer to as a `` must play '' but this be one of they . do not matter if you be a Nintendo fan or a Mario fan . if you be a gaming fan then you owe it to yourself to play this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have be a Nintendo fan since the SNES -lrb- Super Nintendo Entertainment System -rrb- and i have enjoy all the classic since then , ecspecially the Mario franchise . Nintendo Gamecube be the latest in Nintendo 's home console gaming and featue state of the art graphic wich be amazing ... in 2001 . as you may know or not know Nintendo be plannign on release a new consol soon , very soon . so be this truly worth buy ? -lrb- read on and decide for yourself -rrb- Gamecube have a strong , strong line up in the beggining of it be life span with instant classic like `` Super Smash Bros. . Melee '' -lrb- duke it out in a crazy fighting game with Nintendo classic ! -rrb- and `` Star Wars : Rogoue Squadron 2 '' -lrb- or pit yourself into the realm of Star Wars and man you vehicle and prepare for war ! -rrb- . even as the year roll by Nintendo get possibly better ! with hit like `` Phantasy Star Online Episodes 1 & 2 '' -lrb- one of the few online game on the gc , great rpg and it be multi player too ! -rrb- and `` sonic adventure 2 battle '' by work a few deal with Sega . sadly the Gamecube start to become sluggish lack the online feature other consol now fully supportet speccifically x-box . Nintendo go they different way but still manage to produce multiple title that still have major success . keep in mind gamecube prodominatley feature multiplayer game and child base game , but that do not stop they from release mature single palyer goody like Resident Evil 4 -lrb- one of the best game of all time ! -rrb- . do not forget the Nintendo vault of treat to with all they franchise make epic return and new arrival , Animal Crossing be very addicting think of it as a wacky the Sims -lrb- in a nutshell that be -rrb- . Super Mario Sunshine be Marios way back into people home with all he platformer goodness and one of the greatest ... Legend of Zelda : the Winder Waker , a powerful rpg conduct of element from all the previous loz contain clean clear cell shaded style graphic ! all these good game and you wonder why a 4 star ? Nintendo as i mention do superb , but then start disable many title that come out on ps2 and x-box as if they want to kill off fanbase -lrb- but still fail , long live Nintendo ! -rrb- . with all that say you pick a Gamecube up for a relatively cheap price consider all the other system cost of around 150-200 $ .
Video_Games	POS	4	I understand people 's concern about the DRM , but after play the game , I can not help but give the game a good review . the cell stage and the creature stage be fun , but the only thing I have to complain about be that whenever I get to tribal mode , my screen keep freezing after it tell I to do something in particular . I do not know if this be a bug with the game or just a computer problem . I have a lot of fun with spore though , I really have no complaint about the gameplay in general .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be 14 year old . it be kind of embarass that I could not get past the second level in a Rugrats kid game . I 'll keep try , but for now I would not reccomend this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I will be honest , this game be hard to pick up at first but once you start play , it be like a giant snowball ; just get more and more fun . just play the demo !
Video_Games	NEG	1	the hype for this game mainly center around its gripping story pen by John Milius , which would lead one to believe the single player game would be amazing . do not believe the hype . I purchase the dvd , and it require a 12 -lrb- ! -rrb- hour download before I could play . next , I find that the single player game be over in about 4 hour . 4 hour ! so , write by John Milius ? okay , maybe he write it on a napkin during he lunch break . seriously , there be some great potential here that will never be realize . I think I 'll go watch red dawn .
Video_Games	POS	5	excellent Wii controller with integrated motion plus . black finish look very stylish . come with battery and latex protector . worked very well .
Video_Games	POS	4	if you love history , this be you game . seriously . if history class be a drag , you would be best off skip this one . however , if you think you can stomach what seem like a 10-hour field trip , feel free to go ahead and play it . I , personally , be not a history fan . it bore I to tear . if it be not for my determination to play all the nd game , I would have stop play . I mean , a mystery in a museum about mayan culture be bind to be bore for someone like myself . another downside to this game be that there be actually no real mystery for the first hour or so , make the first hour even more of a drag than the rest of the game be . I still remember my boss , Joanna , burst into the room say , `` Beech Hill -lrb- the museum -rrb- have be hit ! Sit tight , Nancy , the police be on they way ! '' and my si and I be jump around go , `` yes ! we finally have a mystery to solve ! '' the puzzle be pretty easy , but there be a lot of they ! why on earth I have to make my way past three level of quiz just to get to a place I have already see , I 'll never know . the only challenging one , I find , be those idiotic audio narration , which be a bit too hard , see as everyone in my family confirm that they be seven when they be really one . they scaryness of this game be limit . very limit . the only time I even get anything close to scared -lrb- I be only 12 when I play the game -rrb- be : 1 . when one of the npc 's fall down a long flight of stair and be knock unconcious , result in amnesia and a very long hospital stay . I be very attach to this character , and , be the sap that I be , start cry when I hear he fall down the temple step and then see he on the ground . 2 . the end . I think hus be try to outshine themselves . either that , or they be try to make up for the boring-ness of the rest of the game . if you can not stomach be trap in a airless space with a half-rotted corpse , you would best have a partner with you to finish the game for you . that be what I do ! other than that , there be really nothing else of importance about this game I probably should mention other than the fact that it be long , boring , take I 3 year to finish because I keep stop and start , and feel like a field trip . most of the npc 's be very annoying -lrb- I keep want to smack this one ` pillowhead ' ... if you have play the game , you 'll know who I be talk about ! if he offer I a stale cookie one more time ... -rrb- anyway , if you love history , you 'll love this game . if you do not ... well ... it be up to you to decide if you want to put yourself through hour of pointless puzzle .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be sooooo much fun !! for the family !! we highly rec . for everyone in the family . PS baahhh bahhhhhhhh bada daaaada da ...
Video_Games	NEG	1	the product appear well-built . it be far more advance than the 3d . the game , however , be another story . I regret buy this console . it be at home gathering dust . I should have wait until good game come out . so , my advice be not to buy this product just yet .
Video_Games	POS	5	we purchase Epic Mickey for we 10 year old son for Christmas . he be a avid gamer and have play through almost all of the Mario game , as well as a few Link game , so we be very surprised to see we son have such a difficult time with the game . the reason why he be have a hard time with it be not because it be difficult to control - on the contrary , it be very easy . it be because it be the type of game where you really need to take you time . epic Mickey be not a `` rush through and finish it out to win it '' game , but be , rather , truly a epic adventure . you get to be Mickey in a entirely new -lrb- or old , depend on how you look at it -rrb- world , where he need not only to save himself , but to help many other . the game change depend on how you play it . if you help out a lot of people , for instance , they 'll be there to lend you a hand when you may need it . or you can skip help other and can just rush through the game yourself , but if you do this the game be a bit more difficult . pro - the control . you get to run around and paint and thin thing . how much fun be that ? grant you can not paint or thin everything , but there be a large number of thing that you can paint and thin , and what you choose to do change the way the land around you look , truly personalize the game . - the sheer size of it . it be huge . it be a game where you can run all over the place and still not see everything , much like Disney World itself . - the sentiment . we just get back from Disney and see some of the same thing , like `` mean '' street and the Disney statue , be so sentimental for I . and watch Mickey 's animated face when he see Walt 's statue - priceless ! con - the camera control - you do not have full , complete camera control like you do in some game , and I can see where that would be frustrate to some people . to I , however , it be just another challenge to the game , and it do not bother I too badly . epic Mickey be a great game - not the easiest game , but definitely great . it actually get emotion out of I whenever one of the character be unremembered by Mickey , and when they talk about be forget about by the world . any video game that can not only challenge you and intrigue you , but also make you feel emotion , be a good one to I .
Video_Games	POS	5	I like the look of ac 3 and want to get catch up with the first two do by the correct studio do the third . ca not wait to get into these more .
Video_Games	POS	4	Nancy Drew Danger on Deception Island be very intreging and mysterious . it be not to easy and it be not to hard . it be very well do and do not bear you at all ! I , personally think that it could be scary at time but that the whole point right !? 2 thumb up !
Video_Games	POS	4	I find this game hard for a beginner who have not be to a aerobic or dance class , but it be fun and I be sore the next day after my first play so I do feel I get a good workout . I finally decide if I could not keep up , just keep move and then I be fine .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game out of a knee-jerk reaction-i think that burnout 3 be the best in the series and the new one due to come out look even better . Legends be basically a port of burnout 3 but with new game mode -lrb- I think it also have new car -rrb- . still , the game play great and be translate over to the psp flawlessly . all the mode you know and love be there , plus a new one , pursuit , which remind I of the relic nf mode where you be the cop chase the criminal . the graphic be awesome and be some of the best I have see so far , be so early in the lifespan of the psp . the control be easy to use , with the d-pad and analog stick be both available to use . d Braking and accelerate be not too wild , which I think be in NFS Underground rival . the car drive just like NFSU rival , so if you have play NFS , you will have no proplem adjust to the game . overall it be fun and will bring you fun in the middle of rush hour traffic that `` drive '' my parent crazy . for a port , this game do not really seem like one , just a brand new game itself .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I can not believe they release this - so far , maybe 5 hour into try to make it work , I can find no server and play single player there be lot of problem , especially if you try to use a joystick . worse , the support site be just awful - without the user community , I would have no idea how to solve the problem I be see .
Video_Games	POS	5	the back story be always ground in a real disastrous event in Katherine Diane Cadell 's life . quicker than you can say , `` oh , no ! '' she imagination create a related adventure with the Star Flyers and she as Katie Cadet - leader of the pack . and the pack include AJ who have special power for each mission , Io , a fire breathing dog and klanker , a very strong robot . the action be basically arcade style - but a very clever and imaginative arcade . the setting be sure to please child - planet chocolopagus where you herd marshmallow through chocolate tunnel ; planet bowlarama where besides jump and climb , the player have to make use of the different power of the team to get past hazard and planet ice cube where planning and mapping skill be need to navigate maze . activity be vary so the pace of the game keep the interest high without it be tiring .  get from one planet to another require navigate the spaceship through the Popcorn Galaxy avoid space food junk and finding caramel power up . the level be tough , tougher and Toughest , and be just another example of the care and sensitivity that the designer use in put together this game . as in all of the Learning Company 's game there be self leveling and it be set to on but can be turn off . self leveling keep track of the player progress and adjust it accord to the performance , so that if you ace a game , the next one will be tougher .  the current format in game now-a-day be to put the manual on the disk . do yourself or you kid a favor and read it . the how 's and why 's and what be good stuff and what be stuff to be avoid and what be to point of it all - be not always obvious - so read the manual . the upper age range for this game be eight , but it be unusual and clever enough to please older kid besides be delicious .
Video_Games	NEG	1	DO NOT buy ! `` Game Party '' \* must \* be withdraw from sale . this game be make by Warner Brothers -lrb- WB -rrb- . they need to recall this game . those who buy it should be reimburse with a replacement of a new update game that work . please contact WB & Xbox to inform they of the issue with this game so it never happen again . they need to play it for themselves so they can see that this game should never have BEEN RELEASED in the first place . this be not a issue with the Xbox console or kinect sensor - it be just this game . all the other Kinect game work fine . WB & Xbox must do something about this game . nearly all the review of this game be similar to my own experience . I just buy the xbox\/kinect this Christmas . I choose Xbox over the Wii for much better graphic , resolution & gaming quality after have a ps2 for many year . I buy `` Game Party '' for the kid & family to have something other than violent shoot 'em up game . it be so frustrating just to get `` Game Party '' to work that nobody want to play it . it take I forever just to get into a game only to have it take I backward out of game repeatedly . often the go forward & backward would both submit at the same time . once I be finally in a game the tracking be bad & make the game unplayable . I really want this game to work because I love most all the 16 game in it . I hope Xbox will come out with more arcade type game like this because we -lrb- even the kid -rrb- get too worn out with all the sport game . the ambulance be expensive to have on standby . Warner Brothers & Xbox must do something about this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	ps3 version come w \/ dlc 's and you will be amaze at the detail and story along w \/ the gameplay of this game . . if you have never have the honor to play mass 2 then please take my advice . . buy it
Video_Games	NEU	3	hello all , I be amaze when oblivion come out and be instantly hook . when I hear Skyrim be be next , I could not wait . the good : I really like the new way the character level up . there be no need to go to extreme any more to gain level in specific area . in Skyrim , you can choose you perk base on what you want out of the character . the playing area be massive - it be a open -lrb- non-linear -rrb- game in which you can choose to do what you want , when you want . there be many other thing that be great about the game , but they have be post on already . the Bad : I have two big qualm with this game . first , there be too many bug . I know , with a game this massive , there be bind to be bug . but it be unacceptable when one build up a character with hundred of hour invest , only to find out some of the main quest can not be complete because of one bug or another . three time , I have play this out to a level 50-70 character . and each time , I can not complete all the quest - some be very important one - due to bug . in a multi-million dollar revenue-generating program , this should not happen . the second issue be the number of time the game lock up and I have to reset the console - many time , it will lock up at the same point over and over until I do something different -lrb- travel another direction , get into a combat -rrb- , then I can get by the point where the game lock up . I think maybe the game be take the xbox 360 to its limit , stress the console until it just can not handle it any more . sure , I can make save every couple of minute so I do not have to retrace my step so much when I have to re-start the sxbox , but I should not have to - not this much . the game be a 6-star game -lrb- out of 5 star -rrb- , but the bug and restart bring it down to three star due to the frustration factor . to be fair , most game would be toss out with these issue , but Skyrim be so good , I put up with they - at least for a while . after three or four restart , I give up for a while and go back to my real life . if you be look to buy this game , it be a wonderful game , but be aware of the issue you will have to contend with . Jim -lrb- edit to fix a couple of typo -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	this game turn I into a chess player in just two week of play every once in a while . this game may discourage people who think that chess be too hard to learn or people who think chess be for freak . this game be good for people who do not know a bishop from a knight because of the game 's build in tutor who teach you all you need to know and some technique I never expect he to cover . when play chess , capture be animated in a half battle chess , half joke you can find off loony tune style . for instance , when a bishop capture a queen , the bishop shoot a spell at the queen and the queen be shrink down to nothing . this game feature chess set from the Western and Pirates theme as well as a traditional chess set . Lego should not have discontinue this game . it be both fun and educational . Gosh , there be five word I would think I would never say in a row .
Video_Games	NEG	2	Sid Meier have get to the point in the gaming industry where all he have to do be attach he name to a game and it will sell . pirate ! be a game that offer so much promise , but it never really quite get there . yes , the game do provide I with several hour of enjoyment . the basic premise of the game be a blast . however , each goal in the game be accompanine by a mini-game . at first , the mini-game be nice Easter egg , but they get very boring very fast . overall , the game need a lot of improvement . with a little tweaking , I believe Pirates ! have the ability to become one of those game that define a genre . as it be , the game seem incomplete . the main quest never stop be enjoyable . the mini-game that must be accomplish in order to complete the main quest get unbearably tedious .
Video_Games	POS	5	I must say , I spend a good two month decide on what headphone to buy for my xbox360 . I finally decide on the Turtle Beach x41 . I be concern about feedback , interference , crackle , and every other thing people complain about in other review . I have experience nothing but crystal clear 5.1 surround sound . I have have the headset for a few week now . I do not know if it have improve my gaming in black op , it be a bit overwhelming at first . hearing every bullet , bug in the air , music playing be a amazing . I actually think I be experience feedback on Grid in Black op ... but it be simply the fact that my team spawn in domination next to the power station . the buzz be something I have never hear before even with my surround sound speaker . I have the receiver set right on top of my 360 with 1st generation wireless network adapter , a wireless router , and my iMac run use airport in the next room . still no feedback or interference , even use Comcast and they crazy throttling . one complaint be that the chat volume control take some fiddle to get the right volume set . first time I use it I be blow away at how loud my friend be . overall , very pleased with this purchase . so be my wife ... she do not have to hear the announcer say my killstreak over and over !
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be great fun as long as you like make content and then watch it on screen . the game play be very simplistic . cell stage game play be a flash game with pretty graphic . creature stage be like Diablo but water down with very few ability and repetitive game play . Tribal and civ stage be akin to RTS game , but lack the depth and variety of game such as sin of a solar empire or warcraft 3 . space stage be basically the first few stage over and over but with a space ship throw in . this be say I really do like playing . create a creature\/building\/vehicle , and then watch it do its thing be very satisfying . bottom line , if you like goof off and play with spore like a toy its fun . however if you be look for a deep combat system , complex rt strategy develop , or think provoke game play this game be not for you . the simplistic game play couple with outrageous DRM and the ea sporepedium server be very buggy -lrb- will not upload some creature -rrb- , this game need lot of work to be a fun game . the editor be already fantastic . stage need to be flesh out with more abilities\/vehicles\/strategy \/ etc. . DRM need to be do away with or make less crazy -lrb- 3 install you be basically rent the game for 50 usd -rrb- securom need to be do away with -lrb- it kill a CD rom drive on a old pc of mine . for the average gamer I would say stay away for now or wait for bargain bin price .
Video_Games	POS	4	just get this game in the mail today and the game be what I want -- since I have this game when I be little but the cd be scratch . the thing I want to point out be because the game be sell by SpaceBound , Inc. -lrb- if that have anything to do with it -rrb- but the game come in a plastic wrap with the CD and the booklet . not even a case . I be not penalize the game , because I love Nancy Drew game , but it be odd the game do not come in a case .
Video_Games	NEU	3	my girl be 3 and 5 and have a hard time with this game . there be several area that require skill above they . they do enjoy the other part of the game , but once they finish they do not really want to play again .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be not a gamer . I use to play game in the 80 's and Nintendo Super Mario be where I stop play game . I have a Dell XPS 17 3d and want to see what 3d game look like . I buy 4 game that be compatible with my 3d laptop and this game be one of they . I get the Xbox wireless controller which work with my laptop and load the game . WOW , gaming have change since back in the day . the graphic be amazing ; the game have a storyline and everything . it be like watch a movie unfold right before you eye . I realize the addictive nature of play these game . it be definitely entertaining and I must say , a bit violent . my nephew and he friend be at my house and I watch they play . they know the game and love the game . I try play it . what seem to be intuitive for my nephew and he friend -lrb- 18 and 19 year old -rrb- prove impossible for I . I just be not able to use the controller . I could hardly move my character ; forget about climb , shooting , grenade and all the other tip and trick . I have not play the game since , but whenever friend that play game come over , they play on my laptop and I enjoy the game as a spectator .
Video_Games	POS	5	do not know much about the game myself , but my little boy love it , and that be good enough for I : -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	I purchase this game after have be deceive by the hype -lrb- the realism -rrb- and I be very much disappointed ... to the point I will likely never purchase ANYTHING make by ea again . First of all , they have do away with prone completely . how many soldier refuse to `` hit the deck '' when they be under fire ? that be strike one against this supposedly realistic game . the mission game be too simple ... 4 hour to beat if you be a noobie . the graphic have problem -lrb- lot of tear -rrb- as well as the multi-player have severe spawn issue -lrb- they respawn you into the same place every time so sniper can rack up kill easily -rrb- . additionally , the server for the multi-player seem to crash all the time . then recently they make change to the game in which a full on , dead center mass shot from a sniper rifle will not kill , but only wind a player . additionally , you can shoot they in the head and we still do not have a confirm kill every time . save you money , wait for the next round of game to come out , and then rent they first to make sure they do not suck like this one do . I be not happy about be out the $ 60 and to tell you how bad it be , Gamestop as well as most other company have stop buy they back because they have so many sellback .
Video_Games	POS	5	I originally play this game at my Aunt 's house , and immediately everyone start participate , and try to solve the puzzle with we . I always have great memory watch the show grow up , and this game truly capture the very essence of what be so fun about the game show . one of my favorite add-in in this game , be that you can use you own Wii character , and by hold the `` 1 '' or `` 2 '' button while hit one of the arrow button , you can animate you Wii . the emotion they display be hilarious ! the best part about this game be it be ability to unite people together . my parent come over , and have not play a single video game since the 1970 's Pac-Man day , and they actually pick up the Wii remote and start to play along with I ! believe I , if my parent be willing to play and have a good time , then anyone will enjoy this game !
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my 8 year old daughter , and we both take turn play it -lrb- I need to get my own copy , even though you can save two different game on it . -rrb- I love the graphic ; they be amazing . I like the story line , the character ... everything about it . it be a game that even if you ` read it ' that you will definitely go back and start from scratch to enjoy again . I be thinking of buy the other Rune factory ds game that come before it for she -lrb- and I -rrb- as well . . I would recommend this for any one over age seven .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be one of the best I have ever play hreat graphic , storyline , I could just go on and on , I have rcommend this game to all my friend and would do the same for just about anybody
Video_Games	NEG	2	never do I own a game before that require steam . to play the game you have to log into Steam to launch . so why do I buy a dvd and get force to use steam ? shortly after join Steam so I could play since I already open the package and could not return it now I get a notice from Steam that they have be hack and may have lose customer information . that really give I the warm and fuzzy . as far as the game it actually load on Windows 7 x64 unlike Fallout 3 that work fine on Vista but would not load when I upgrade . the mouse movement and graphic seem really jerky . I try to use a XBOX 360 wireless controller only to find out I need a $ 20 adapter . so i try a pc joystick and I do not seem to do anything ... as far as gameplay , it have not manage to keep I envolve . I keep walk away and come back later . I have just find my way to the keep after have to repeat the open many time . at the moment I have to call it disappointing hopefully I 'll make it thru all the intial b and learn to like the game ... just may take a while ...
Video_Games	NEU	3	as soon as I receive it , I open it up and connect it to my pc and my ps2 controller . I install the driver , and instantly it show up -lrb- do not think the driver be necessary -rrb- . then I realize that the analog stick be not be pick up . that become the only issue with this . every other key work BUT the analog stick ... for $ 5 , I guess I would expect there to be some sort of issue . you may be better off spend $ 10 more and get something else . I wish I have get the xbox 360 controller to pc adapter that be make by Microsoft . . if anyone else have a similar issue where the analog stick do not work with this adapter and figure out how to fix it , feel free to reply to this review !
Video_Games	NEG	1	daughter save she own money to purchase this . it work for 3 day . if it be available , I would give it 0 star .
Video_Games	POS	5	remarkable as it be , Naughty Dog have not have a single game that one would call `` terrible '' . while some be consider more worthwhile then other , they track record be pretty impressive . with the release of Uncharted : Drake 's Fortune , the team develop a beautiful and fun if a tad derivative game that help encourage the more `` cinematic '' approach to game design . then enter uncharted 2 : among thief . practically a seminal milestone in gaming , beat the game and run into somebody who have not play it yet prompt a `` oh man , you have gotta play it ! '' reaction . stunning graphic with believable motion capture , excellent voice act with some truly stellar set-piece , I would almost go and say uncharted 2 nary have a single fault in its narrative -lrb- other than blue cat people but I digress -rrb- . which make walk into the 3rd game , Drake 's Deception , kind of a tricky situation I be sure not only for fan but for the team . will they try to outdo everything the 2nd game do ? can you really outperform `` perfection '' ? well uncharted 3 be kind of in the middle : it do nearly everything the 2nd game do but better and yet can still leave one with a feeling of deja vu , albeit a impressive deja vu . 2 year after the event of among thief , the game open with Drake and Sully attempt to solve a riddle from one of Sir Francis Drake 's voyage , a voyage believe to end with the city of Ubar , the iram of the Pillars or the `` Atlantis of the Sands '' . Drake globetrot from the London underground to a chateau in France to the arabian desert as he search for this mystical city , all the while friend around they be question why be it that he always pursue reckless endeavor for treasure and do not see how it affect he friend and love one . the leap from the first game to the second be pretty extraordinary and not just on a graphical front . the seamless transition of cinematic , gameplay and even event that would have likely be quicktime event or non-interactive be something to behold . that leap to this game be not as grand a leap since now we pretty much know what Naughty Dog be capable of and while what you be see will not have the `` oh my god , how do they even do this ? '' reaction , it be still mighty impressive stuff . a ship capsizing , a burning chateau and a plane get rip apart ... with you in it be set-piece that really make uncharted 3 one of the more visceral and entertaining blockbuster ride of 2011 . although one could think the team just put these moment in there know people would look for they so they build excuse in the story to have they , you can not deny these be magnificent part of the game . however , for a game highly dependent on a script and precise order of event , it be very disheartening when you end up die because you do not turn a corner fast enough or miss a jump or do not know what way to go during a chase sequence . it make for a odd dichotomy since to further the `` it be like a movie '' feel of a uncharted game , one must rarely die to preserve its flow and yet without prior knowledge of what exactly need to be do , it can make for a very start\/stop kind of structure . also oddly out of place be that unlike the near flawless pacing of among thief , it be very bizarre to say some part in Drake 's Deception just flat out ... , well they kind of suck . a syrian fortress and a slow beginning as well as certain story element that be never address or properly resolve make I think the game be rewrite a couple of time and certain part get lose in the shuffle . that still do not mean the game do not have incredible high -lrb- see precede paragraph -rrb- but the low be strangely very low . also , the amount of punishment Drake take be kind of ridiculous . how can a guy go this long without crack a rib , break he finger or he leg . I mean seriously , dude 's like x-man 's Colossus . hell , even the going-on 60 Sully can keep up with the youthful Drake . but still , if there be one thing you can not knock the team for be presentation and this game be a stunner . other than one wonky wall texture , everything in the game from the mo-cap to the environment and of course the set-piece , uncharted 3 practically bleed production value . Voice act as usual be strong and character be appropriately endearing or love-to-hate-them -lrb- but why do Elena and Chloe look worse than before ? must be the eye -rrb- . the environment be also incredibly gorgeous , whether they be be destroy or not , and some I be sure be incredibly difficult to pull off despite the look of the scene . if there be one thing that uncharted 3 occasionally but not always handle be in the combat which can be strangely frustrating at time . some of they just drag for too long and even though stealth be encourage , be catch do not mean about 10 or so guy , it become a long protracted and tedious firefight as enemy spawn with sniper , grenade launcher and rpg 's lead to many out-of-the-blue death . and this be a common issue among they forum but the aim feel ... off which be quite noticeable when I actually replay among thief before I get this to re-accustom myself to Uncharted 's gameplay . this also can lead to the `` start\/stop '' structure I mention before where I can really imagine specific sequence annoying gamer on higher difficulty know what a trial they be even on normal . bring back from uncharted 2 be the online mode , the co-op and the multiplayer . in the co-op , it break down into 3 group : Arena , which play out similarly to Horde mode with the twist be that every wave will have a specific objective such as kill only count when stand in a area or `` Gold Rush '' which be straight up capture the Flag . there be co-op adventure which have you and 2 player -lrb- with strangely downgrade graphic on the character model -rrb- go through a little mini-story that be about half hour long or so . then there be the new mode , co-op Hunter which have 2 team of 2 compete to capture treasure with the villain side gain some computer AI buddy for assistance . since all money\/xp accumulate go towards you online profile , you can jump into co-op or the actual online to better you character 's unlock . and the actual multiplayer of uncharted be indeed kind of a blast . the same basic rule apply : 5 versus 5 , jump and climb anywhere you want while you attempt to capture treasure or just straight tdm , free for all , hardcore -lrb- no weapon mod or medal kickback -rrb- . some new element be introduce such as medal kickback which function but do not become acquire the same way as killstreak . choose one kickback , once a certain amount of medal be obtain , press up on the d-pad activate a certain ability such as instantly spawn a rpg in-hand , run faster for a brief time as well as many other . booster -lrb- or essentially perk -rrb- return while weapon mod be add so you can customize a gun to have faster reload , bigger clip or a `` call out '' which highlight enemy name when they be be aim at so other player can know where they be . also a new element be what be call `` power play '' so say the lose team be lose by ... a lot , a power play be bring in to hopefully give that team a chance to catch up . one thing to note be that the game do have a online pass which do NOT include a trial mode to test out the multiplayer so if you be rent the game and you want to test the online and see whether you would rather buy this then the other big online game out , you be SOL . buy it brand new or pay 10 more buck . remarkable and highly impressive with the occasional blemish , uncharted 3 be indeed a great game . the thrill be more impressive albeit familiar but unfortunately this game come after a even better one and while this game I would recommend someone play without hesitation , it be not the flawless roller-coaster ride as its predecessor .
Video_Games	NEG	2	the Champion mode actually do a really good job of outline the strength and weakness of this game . strength : 1 . lot of time spend on graphic make this a beautiful look game . 2 . more emphasis place on footwork and head movement 3 . movie during the Champion mode give the game lot of action 4 . unique boxing style with more work put into make each boxer look like himself Weaknesses : 1 . inconsistent Range , there be lot of jab and numerous punch that just simply ... well ... disappear with no explanation , they be not block or dodge but do not land ... in the replay it show you fist actually punch the opponent with no reaction . to add insult to injury there be a counter opportunity create from these unfortunate moment . I guess this might just be a case of the graphic be so good that they actually catch major flaw in the game . 2 . the Champion mode be a little bit too script . at some point you might as well have rau and Ken perform Shouryuken punch . if you be a boxing purist like myself who be not so much into old fashion rock em sock em they you might find the contender type music and script gameplay over the top . 3 . over exaggerated reaction to power punch . if you think Ring King be the greatestest technical boxing game ever because a uppercut could literally send opponent through the rafter then you will love the way fighter reel and rock after body shot as if they have be shoot with M16 assault rifle -lrb- and then get back up ? -rrb- . its a little dramatic for I though on anything less than a K.O. Conclusion : imagine that while Madden on Frahchise mode you be tell , `` Kid you have to run the ball for the first half of the game to wear the Steelers down then you can pass '' and the GAME ITSELF , actually make sure that no pass be successful in the first half . imagine how cheesy that would be . well that be fight night Champions Career mode in a nut shell . I find it hard to give it a high rating simply because it almost intentionally diminish its strength with very avoidable weakness . I be actually stick with fight night Round 4 , where the game play be much more realistic . the vs mode be what save this from be 1 star in my opinion .
Video_Games	NEG	2	this be a very bad game because when you ride you horse all you do be jump -lrb- a bird chirp when you have to jump -rrb- booor i should have know better to have the picture fool I . yes they be colorfull and sound fun but trust I there not . this be just a cute game no challeng involve ! i only love the part be you pick a horse and decorate she . i be obssese over horse i guess that why i buy it . you should get barbie mystery ride . that be a better game . see my review for it !!! you will know its I because my name be melisa . melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa
Video_Games	NEG	1	I get this for Christmas , and I be so excited . I have be wait to get this game for a while and add it to my wishlist . my boyfriend buy it for I and I be so happy . I have to wait until all of the family and friend leave because I know that if this game be anything like the Sims for the pc or any of the other Sims game for console that I be go to be play for hour on end ... sadly it be the opposite . the game give almost no instruction , make a character be very difficult with the option and lagging , the wius system sound like it be try to eat the disc through the entire game ! -lrb- I be scare it might break the wius ! -rrb- the house building option be terrible and you do not really get to build you own home . you can only build inside the four wall they give you . this game be nothing like the original . I be hope for a easier way to see what my Sim 's need be , but there be not . I have to pause the game to check constantly . when I enter the house after leave , the game stop to load every time ! when I try to read a book , the option be to `` read a book '' at random or `` open '' . after open I could move a book to my inventory or vice versa . so I have to move the book I want into the inventory . pause the screen to go to the inventory , and select the book . now I have to select the book in my Sim 's hand and tell they to read it ... way to much work . the lagging make I impatient . and finally the game motion give I a huge headache . I do enjoy control the Sim physically with the controller , but in the previous console game there be always the option to switch to the mode where you can build up a list of thing to do and you sim do they themselves . have to move each Sim all around be very annoying . if I could give this game no star I definately would . too bad my bf get rid of the reciept . I would sell this for 5 buck if that . crap .
Video_Games	POS	5	my review of Resident Evil 4 this have get to be one of the greatest game ever . I really cant remember the last time I have so much fun play a videogame , I really can not . I even have more fun play this game then Halo 2 . from the start , Resident Evil 4 immerse you into world that taunt you to keep explore it ; to survive it . it do this through a phenomenal mixture of great story tell , awe-inspiring visual , mood-setting music , a wonderful variety of sound , and near perfect control -lrb- and yes , I be base my score off of IGN.com 's score tool -rrb- presentation : 10\/10 I be sure you have all hear the story by now ; the president 's daughter get kidnap by a unknown group of people , and you , Leon Kennedy of re2 fame , be send on a solo mission to find and rescue she no matter what the cost . it be a very basic premise that quickly evolve into something much more -lrb- I will not spoil anything here because it be much more satisfying figure it out on you own -rrb- . and yes , there be no zombie in this game . but I do not think you will miss they . and no , the enemy be not human either . to find out what they be , you be go to have to play through the story yourself . a very engaging story quickly develop through a series of discover write document , radio transmission and fantastic cutscene which all run in-game like in Metroid Prime 2 or in metal Gear Solid : the Twin Snakes . and like in those game , there be absolutely no need to make cg cut scene . any use of cg animation would ultimately interrupt the flow of the gaming experience . that and because the in-game graphic be utterly amazing . graphic : 10\/10 the graphic ... oh the sweet , sweet graphic . never have I see such realistic fire and water effect . never have I see environment so meticulously detail , so wonderfully streamlined together that you could honestly believe that the world the game introduce to you could be real . the character model be also very well do , even if you see the same 5 villager model over , and over , and over . Leon Kennedy look amazingly cool , and Ashley appearance convey the perfect look of a frightened and vulnerable damsel in distress . and the character model of the bad guy , from Lord Saddler to the `` big Cheese , '' really embody the sense of evil -lrb- although the little guy who be the caretaker of the castle do not seem all that frightening -rrb- . I could go on and on about every little graphical detail that Capcom stuff into this game -lrb- like the amazing water and rain effect and the scary use of lightning -rrb- , but to wrap this up , let just say that you could buy this game for the sole purpose to look at it and you would be please . sound : 10\/10 now sound be always a important part of any game . it enhance and set the mood and immerse you in a world that you can only wish to live in , or in the case of Resident Evil 4 , make you glad that you do not . the music in Resident Evil 4 be creepy and frightening and do a extraordinary job of enhance the unsettling atmosphere . -lrb- although , sometimes the lack of music can be freaky as well -rrb- . and all the sound effect in the game be perfectly use . for example , when you be walk up a wooden staircase in order to enter a spooky look house ; you can hear you footstep resonate and echo on the wooden stair . and when you be in the castle you can hear the monk ' murmur get louder and louder and louder , as they approach . which also bring up the point that if you know any spanish you will be in for a treat since that be the language that the enemy speak in , another fine example of Capcom completely immerse you into a believable eastern european setting . Voice act be spot-on and professionally do . I love all the voice and I congratulate Capcom for find such talented actor . sound effect for gun be also very distinct and extremely well do , but there be not a lot of time to think about the sound of you gun when enemy be surround you from every direction . Gameplay : 10\/10 I play this game with a friend take turn at the control when we die or finish a chapter and we play for eight hour straight only take quick break to go to the bathroom . we do not eat , we do not drink . we just turn off the light and play all night . we be really that addict . the gameplay here be so fast pace that it be easy to forget how much time have pass since start -lrb- although whenever you save at a typewriter you will be remind of it -rrb- . enemy be smart and aggressive . not all of they will attack you by run straight at you . they will flank you and swarm at you from all direction . a lot have the ability to use a wide range of weapon from pitchfork , torch , crossbow , mace , axis , dynamite and the very frightening chainsaw -lrb- although the guy carry the chainsaw be not a ordinary villager and be extremely difficult to kill -rrb- . but do not worry because you can hit a lot of weapon right out of enemy hand -lrb- not the chainsaw though -rrb- which bring I to another very interesting point of game play ; enemy will react differently depend on where you hit they . for example , if you shoot a villager in the leg , he 'll stumble and fall . if you shoot they in the head , they head will either explode or they 'll hold they face in pain -lrb- it depend on how powerful you gun be -rrb- . this be actually the only shooting game I have play that you can aim at enemy ankle and win a fight . it be very impressive how much this feature influence the flow of battle . for instance , if you only have ammo for you weakest gun such as you pistol and several enemy be advance on you quickly , it be usually a good idea to shoot at they leg so you can make they fall and slow down they advance . other time , it be a good idea to land a head shot which will hopefully decapitate the assailant and make he fall to the ground . -lrb- headshot however , will sometimes be a bad idea later on in the game . you will know what I mean when you see it -rrb- . sometimes you can make enemy fall to they knee allow you to go up to they and press the `` a '' button to let loose a powerful kick . this bring up another important aspect of game play , the context-sensitive action button which will help you perform a wide variety of task from jump out of window to sprint away from fall boulder . it be truly a marvel on how much this simple button can do . Boss battle in Resident Evil be among some of the best . whether it be the squirm terror of the mouth of `` Del Lago '' the horrifying , demented body of the `` big Cheese '' -lrb- not actually make of cheese , but that be what everyone call he for some reason -rrb- , or the killing grip of `` El Gigante , '' boss will make you think , make you act quickly and make you cry out in frustration as you die many , many time -lrb- trust I on this on this one -rrb- . you do not shoot randomly while face a boss ; you mostly find you self run , try you best to avoid they deadly move and find a opening for a well aim gunshot . thankfully , you do not have to protect Ashley during most boss scene . Ashley be the reason you be send to this murderous little village , and she safety be the only thing that will allow you out . once you find she , Ashley will follow you wherever you go , and she be sometimes essential to figure out certain puzzle . you press the x button to make she switch between follow you and stay right where she be . but be careful , if you leave she all alone she might be pick up by one of you numerous foe who will carry she to the nearest exit . if you let they escape , then the game be over . a quick gun shot to the leg however , will make the kidnapper drop she . but be careful here as well , because if you accidentally kill ashley -lrb- like I ` ve do on several occasion -rrb- , then the game be over . when she drop to the ground , she will automatically run up behind you . if you need to turn around to shoot or shoot any enemy near she , she will quickly duck allow you to get a clear shot at you enemy -lrb- but be sure to withdraw you gun when you want she to run , because she 'll stay crouch as long as you point you gun near she -rrb- . ashley rarely become a real annoyance for I and my friend . she fit very well into the structure of the game and be easy to control indirectly . when you have to directly control she , the game fill with tension since she be arm only with a flashlight and nothing else -lrb- one particular scene involve some murderous suit of armor make my heart pound -rrb- . the only thing we get mad about be that we have to spend we precious herb on she when she get hurt , make we go into furious , heart racing battle with little to no health -lrb- a minor complaint however because you can continue the game over and over when you die , usually from the spot right before you die -rrb- at certain point during battle -lrb- and during movie -rrb- the l and r button or the a and b button can be press at the same time to perform a dodge move . the game will tell when to press they and it like the change what set of button you press in order to dodge . this make you play the game by the seat of you pants , force you to have the controller in you hand at all time and always be on the lookout for chance to dodge -lrb- once during a movie , my friend put the controller down as he be accustom to . then all of the sudden , the game tell we to press Land r to dodge . we both dive for the controller but it be too late . blood go fly everywhere and we be roll on the floor laughing -rrb- . other gameplay element include the very important position of the camera , which be always behind you and will zoom up to look over you shoulder when aim you weapon . this allow a uninterrupted gaming experience and no confusion when change you direction . Controls work wonderfully . I have never play a Resident Evil game before , but I have hear that the control have not change much at all . hold b to run . hold r to aim and a to shoot and hold l to pull out you knife and press a to use it . they really be very simple , and easy to use and master -lrb- although my friend keep think he be play Madden 2005 and keep press the y button to run . but that be a different story -rrb- . when you be aim you stand completely still which may bother some people but it really do enhance the atmosphere and make you really feel like you be try to survive . the only complaint I have about the control be that it do not allow you to switch weapon on the fly . you constantly have to go back to the inventory screen to pick a weapon . I would of prefer if they make the d-pad switch weapon but sadly it be just there as a alternative to the control stick . but this be just a minor complaint . the last aspect of gameplay would be the inventory screen , the weapon , and the merchant . you inventory screen be a grid . each item that you have , except for treasure and key item , will take up a certain number of box of the grid , which can severely limit what you can carry -lrb- if you have play Deus ex or diablo ii , then you should you be familiar with this type of inventory . -rrb- but do not worry , you can buy bigger inventory from the merchant , who be nearly everywhere in the game . -lrb- whether it be one merchant or a clan of merchant be unknown , however if you kill a merchant , they will disappear for the entire game -rrb- . the merchant will buy treasure from you and sell you weapon in return . he list of weapon will grow during the course of the game , so do not worry if he selection seem rather limit at the start . he can also tune up you gun , which add a rpg quality to the game . you can increase the firepower , reload time , firing speed , and bullet capacity for nearly all of you gun for a price that increase with each new level you upgrade they to . this feature enhance the game experience extensively since you often will make choice on what aspect of you gun to upgrade while consider all the different type of battle situation -lrb- do you want you tmp to kill more people with less shot , or do you want it to be able to carry a lot more ammo than it normally do ? -rrb- Replay Value : 8\/10 from what I have hear , most people take around 20 hour to complete this game . but believe I , those will be the most exciting , the most rewarding , the most challenging and often the most frightening 20 hour in you life . and you rarely have to backtrack so you will see a whole lot during those 24 hour . I be not even on the second disc yet but I know that once I finish this game , I 'll be back again to play it on a harder mode . there be also a lot of thing to collect and perfectionist will be itch at the chance to go back , since the game record you accuracy , the amount of enemy you kill , and the amount of time you die after each chapter . there be also mini-game hide throughout the game and I have hear that there be another mini-game that you unlock after you beat the game . but this game be not like Animal crossing of the Sims or a mmo . this game will eventually see it be shelf life on the top of my 24 game collection . but even then , I will be proud to own it . Summary : presentation : 10\/10 a great story full of mystery , conspiracy , and action . it will keep you hooked and make you nibble on that hook in hope of be drag deeper and deeper into the plot . great visual , excellent cut scene , a wonderful script and it be all present in letterbox mode make it seem as if you be control a fantastical movie . graphic : 10\/10 anything less would be blasphemy . simply put , this be one of the best look game , ever . Play it use Progressive scan Mode to make you unworthy eye see something utterly amazing . sound : 10\/10 a impressive array of sound from gunshot blast , to explode head . Voice act be top notch , and the music provide a wonderfully scary ambient noise to the background . Play it with Dolby Surround Sound to hear you foe creep up behind you . I just love the sound in this game . Gameplay : 10\/10 combat never get old . the action button really enhance the experience as it allow you to do much more , and the boss battle provide new standard of what a boss battle should be . I can not even remember the last time that I have have so much fun with a video game . Replay Value : 8\/10 at 20 hour , it be a little on the short side . but believe I , those will be the most exciting , the most rewarding , the most challenging and often the most frightening 20 hour in you life . I be plan on go through it again once I be do . final score -lrb- not a average -rrb- : 9.9 \/ 10 okay , be you do reading ? good ! now find some cash and go to you nearest videogame retailer and buy this game . you will not regret it . what ?! you can not find any money ? then go couch-diving for penny , open up you saving 's account , sell you child ! you get my point do not you ? you must own this game ! closing comment : a little Public Service announcement Resident Evil 4 be rate m for a reason . there be a extreme amount of violence and gore in here and Leon often swear , especially when Ashley be steal from he -lrb- on numerous occasion -rrb- . seriously now , you should not let younger kid watch this game , much less play it . it do become scary very quickly -lrb- although I find most of the experience exciting , instead of scary -rrb- and if you let you son or daughter play this , make sure that they know the difference between reality and virtual reality . we do not want any kid discover they father 's gun and try to see if people 's head really do explode when shoot at . and I always hate it when parent get mad about violence in game when they should never have buy they kid the game in the first place . so keep I happy , and buy this game , just do not let any youngin ' see it . -
Video_Games	NEG	1	DO NOT BUY THIS game ! this be doubly true for anyone who like either of the previous mass effect game ! the control be terrible , the graphic suck , character animation be buggy and often look worse than in mass effect 1 and 2 and the plot , this be the WORST story I have ever see in any game ever which really make the game a no-buy consider that the gameplay be like a seriously broken version of Gears of War so the plot be the only reason to play the game in the first place . without go into spoiler territory , I 'll just say that the end be a series of continuity fail lead into a nonsensical and gratingly annoying end which be a very badly execute Deus ex rip-off which make no sense , take none of you action in either this game or the previous one into account , give you no meaningful choice , blows-up the world and leave you with a bad taste in you mouth such that you will never want to play another bioware ever again . do not believe anyone who tell you that this game be open-ended , it be not ! it be linear crap that force you to watch you character refuse to challenge the most absurd decision make by the Reaper overlord . take back earth ! wrong ! Watch Shepherd sit by passively while the Reaper overlord destroy the universe be the only option you get for a end . also , the multiplayer be BROKEN in addition to be a really badly execute and boring rip-off of gear of War 's horde mode . in fact , if you be even think of buy this game , do not ! buy Gears of War instead since it be better in every way -lrb- and this be come from someone who love the previous mass effect game , do not like Gears of War that well and pre-ordered this atrocity against gamer . -rrb- if you really want a poorly execute gears-of-war rip-off game about sucking-up to a emo-omnicidal villain , well this game be a epic fail even in that category . DO NOT BUY THIS game !
Video_Games	POS	5	I absolutely love this game . the worst thing about playing be the continual reminder that people be complain about the litter in my park ... so , I keep hire handyman to clean it up ... finally ... after about 10 hour into the game ... I find the trash bin in the accessory panel ... duh ... once that get clear up ... I have a uninterupted ball ! truly a great fun game .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you be look for another boring x-box 360 controller , look somewhere else . if , however , you be look for a controller with a little bit of ` flair ' , and you be a Halo fan , this be what you want to grab . there be really not much that differ this controller from the standard x-box 360 controller , except for look . the functionality be the same , the button and layout be the same , the size be the same . it be the same thing , except it be specifically manufacture with a Halo design . what better way to differentiate between controller ? this stop the whole `` be this my controller '' guess when at a friend 's house , or even in multi-player scenario , since this one controller will always standout . oh , and the bonus avatar be not too shabby either . you know you want it , get out there and get this controller !!
Video_Games	POS	4	nice ! doom 1 and 2 in one cd . that be a very creative idea , you get over 50 level from ultimate doom and doom 2 . many of you maybe wonder if the level look the same as the pc . yes they do ! they look exactly the same as the pc . the only difference be the enemy for example you will see monster that be not in the pc ultimate doom in the PSX version monster such as the chaingunner soldier , mancubus , arancnoton , revenant , pain elemental and hell knight . in ultimate doom for pc those monster be not there , they be only in doom 2 for pc . but the psx version of ultimate doom you will see those monster when you put the game on Hurt I plenty or Ultra violence . the only complaint be that i think the archville be miss from both game , and i have not see the spider mastermind . i think you may find he in Threshold of pain -lrb- last level in ultimate doom -rrb- . another thing be the pc music for the level be take out , instead they put slow scary music for the level . this be a must buy for any doom fan i buy my copy recently !
Video_Games	POS	5	whether you be 6 or 50 , you will have fun with this game . another genius game design to be fun whether you be very skilled or not . it be basically a interactive board game , and never get old ! great fun !
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be great , even though its kinda easy so beat . i love it though ! i wish you could have more then four horse though . you can do anything with this game . i love it . it be so interactive !
Video_Games	NEU	3	I 'll leave the Xbox part out , because we all know that work fine . the kinect device be a impressive piece of technology that work as advertise , track you and put you `` in the game . '' jump and you character jump . the only problem I have with it be a dealbreaker though . it require significantly more space than the minimum . while Microsoft say it will work with 6 foot of space , I have very little luck with 8 foot . if you have a big , open space , this be a great option for you . if you be like most of we , we 'll have to wait for another solution . summary : do not buy unless you have 10 foot or more of space . take width and height of you play area into account as well .
Video_Games	NEG	2	it be definitely a cinematic game , but that be its biggest downfall . it be impossible to simply pick-up-and-play this game ; be ready to dedicate at least a hour to this game if you hope to play for twenty minute . for those look for a game , and not a movie , buy a game , instead of metal Gear solid 4 . it be that easy !
Video_Games	POS	5	in Mario Kart it be easy to play and there be not only 1 circuit you can do . you can do multi player with somone within 60 foot of you . you can make yourself the only racer so you can try to beat you fastest time . you have a choice of 8 racer . you can pick one of these driver : Mario , Luigi , Peach , Yoshi , Toad , Donkey Kong , Wario , or Bowser .
Video_Games	POS	5	the 4g will get you start `` be the controller '' but the hard drive be come up a little short . to have less wear and tear I like to upload the game instead of the hd spin constantly read the disk yet , the hd be too short for that . the 250g might save you entire system in the long run . in turn save you $ $ $ . the new Slim have have no problem with `` red ring '' since November . btw
Video_Games	NEG	1	I do not recall at all in the detail list this as striped down psp . this be suppose to be the god of war special psp package and instead my son now have 102 dollar paper weight to go on we trip . the fact be that I be cheat and lie to by the description and im furious . I get nothing in my package but the psp and cord . there be no game no movie no gig stick and now the company i get it from Ocean reef Electronics say to bad i should have read the detail . so i say f 's to Ocean reef Electronics and there horrible customer service .
Video_Games	POS	4	so far this work as good as the headset that come with the xbox360 . nothing special , but worth the price .
Video_Games	POS	4	my 4 year old granddaughter want to get this from the library so that be a easy yes . be the game challenge ? most certainly even for a 60 yr old grandma . take awhile to get the hang of use the arrow and space bar , but 4 and half hour later we save the king . even though grandma do most of the `` work '' , Chloe love every minute of it . she understand the concept of each part of the game even though use the arrow be a bit too much for she . at the end she be jump up and down yell `` we do it '' ! so I 'll definitely will be purchase this for she and until the time when she can work the mechanic of the keyboard herself , mommy and grandma will be help she play , watch she smile and laugh while spend quality time with we little princess .
Video_Games	POS	5	my son love this game . he have be play it everyday so that mean he really like it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a little worried because some reviewer complain that modification be need to work properly . my item work perfectly right out of the box . now I can see the video use hdmus and listen to the sound use my surround system .
Video_Games	POS	5	fun for the whole family , a real workout that fun !!! as much fun playing as it be watch .
Video_Games	POS	5	Nintendo have give we some of the best loved-franchise of all time , such as Mario , Zelda , Metroid , and countless more . Super Smash Bros Brawl bring out the very best of each of these . not only do it have a full roster of beloved Nintendo hero and villain , it also recount they most potent fighting technique , each one have a unique way of destroy they foe . along with stage place in area you be bind to know from you favorite game , they be accompany by remixed version of many of Nintendo 's greatest orchestration . aside from the hour of fun you 'll have beat Nintendo character of all shape and size senseless , there be so many more thing to do , include uncover the mystery of the game 's story mode , the Subspace Emissary , play demo of classic Nintendo game in masterpiece mode , or complete mission to unlock the game 's hundred of trophy and other collectable . this game will keep you so busy and always want more , that chance be you 'll never complete the game 100 % . but the path get there be so much fun , that it really will not bother you .
Video_Games	POS	5	as I fight and claw my way through mortal kombat 's Deception Konquest Mode , I keep one thing on my mind , to free my Queen Sindel . I admit that visit Earthrealm , Netherrealm , Orderrealm , and my favorite Chaos Realm be interesting , but Mortal Kombat be all about kick butt and look at Sindel 's perfect butt . it be good that the old classic character be still around . who would want to pick up a mk game without Sub-Zero or Scorpion ? and even though I never really like Tanya , it be good to see she still kick it , but I so much prefer the hotter and sexier Mileena , Kitana , Jade , and Liu Mae . I do not spend too much time with the chess or tetris game . I like to beat the boss in arcade mode , and I be still try to get through Konquest . some character can be purchase outright in the Krypt , other must be unlock through Konquest . I wish I could just buy Sindel , but if I could I would not play konquest , and I guess the maker have that in mind . the level , fatality , and boss do not disappoint in this game . the imagination and gore be still a big part of the mk series and in deception there be no disappointment there .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be awsome better than ps2 and xbox it have all kind of cool game only for gamecube and have cool accesory like the game boy player and wavebird ps2 have to much button on the controller xbox controller be way to big but the gamecube be perfect . it have fast proccesor and who care about it play dvd 's .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be not a exclusive minus figure nor be it a mini version , seller should be remove for false advertising , I can get this exact same figure at my store for 8.00 $ save you money make you purchase else where , I have purchase this and return it as soon as I find out it be the same as the one I already have
Video_Games	POS	5	the best adventure\/puzzle game I have ever play . the graphic be state-of-the-art and the story line be very original and most intriguing . the puzzle be challenge enough to make you think , but lack the frustration I have encounter with other game . it be a nice relaxing game with the appeal of a great novel , except I get tire of Dan and Olivia -lrb- two minor character -rrb- . I agree with some of the other review that the end be slightly abrupt . I want to see a full-size automaton mammoth . hopefully there will be a sequel continue Kate 's journey .
Video_Games	NEG	1	do not waste you money on this game if you want to play the multiplayer online . I beta test for over a month with no problem . install digital version and only single player work . there be either a problem with the game it self , punkbuster or compatability with Windows 7 x64 . or all the above . I would request a refund but the place I purchase from do not do any refund for ea game only . if I would have read all the fine print never would have purchase this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	just Dance be a pretty fun game for you Wii . it be a much more entertaining way to exercise than walk , that be for sure . my only complaint be the limited song selection . it would be far more entertaining for far longer if there be more than 30 song to choose from . it get old pretty quickly .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I get this pretty cheap since it be a old item . it come with driver for Windows 98 . have say that , it be not too difficult to find a Vista driver . just Google around until you spot it . the slide action of the base simulate arrow key , not joystick input , so it be not velocity sensitive . translation : do not expect to move faster just because you move the device quickly . think of the device as a replacement for you keyboard instead of a secondary joystick .
Video_Games	NEG	1	a great look game . Moody . atmospheric . Creepy . unfortunately the pc version be so riddled with bug and lockup that it be almost unplayable ... save you money or at least wait until the manufacturer come out with a patch .
Video_Games	POS	4	there be no reason to state the amount of hype attach to this game , so I be not go to . let I say I have hardly ever see a game that live up to its hype completely . many of the greatest game be sequel in a already polish series . the third and final installment of Halo -lrb- or so Bungie say -rrb- encompass everything the game developer be look to add to the second one . and in my opinion , they execute this very well . here be a short mach up of the game 's main part : Gameplay 9 of 10 : the mechanic feel very good and a lot of the game resemble Halo : Combat Evolved . everything be intuitive , no drastic change but many small beneficial addition . many of the serious physics problem from Halo 2 be address . I will say it be my favorite of the three in term of pure gameplay . there be constant action and variation . the Arbiter be take out of the gameplay for the most part . many people complain about end Halo 2 as the Arbiter . now , only as a cooperative partner can the Arbiter join in . my favorite feature of the game be a great deal of the enemy have change . to begin with the Flood be only in two complete level if I remember correctly . nobody I know like fight they . the developer take this to heart . a few thing I have notice about they : if you shoot the Flood part of the `` infected '' they go down easier , they be now able to be beat into they constituent and they be just quite simply not as difficult to kill . in fact the difficulty level be a step down from the first two game . normal seem like a enhance easy . brute be considerably weaker . a few shot to the chest now destroy they armor . skull however , make the game more like the legendary setting of old . there be 13 skull that can be find in various secret place in the game . they add thing like : grunt throw many more grenade , all enemy have extra health , you have to hit enemy to get shield back etc. . four of the skull allow you to change you armor on xbox live . these also add multiplier to the meta-game . in the meta-game you be give point base on how and who you kill . brute obviously net more point . this be a fun way to compete with other via xbox live . so many feature have be add to this game , it be hard to list they all . graphic 8 of 10 : very good visual stand out even from other next generation game . Lighting and reflection be greatly superior to many other current game , weapon look more realistic than anything in the game . much more time be spend on the texture and close up visual . color be vibrant , everything have sharp and crisp line as long as you have hd or I prefer s-video -lrb- because I be lame and have a CRT -rrb- . if you do not , Halo 3 will resemble a enhance Halo 2 visually . Controls 8 of 10 : Controls take a evolutionary step , with only a couple of button move out of necessity for the special item . the basics be the same as first and second game and as always have little to no learning curve for a person familiar with fp . there be more option on the personalization of the control now . in my opinion halo 3 have the best control for a shooter game and have be copy before . music \/ sound effect 7 of 10 : the music be just brilliantly do , now with a full orchestra . and the original soundtrack have be considerably enhance and expand by Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori -lrb- the composer for all three game -rrb- . with a orchestra in the background , the game just feel more epic and give a human quality to the story . the sound effect on the other hand be nothing new or really better than ok , even with the volume way up it be hard to get the full experience . many of the weapon seem to be tone down literally . Weapons 8 of 10 : many , many weapon be add . here be a full list : http:\/\/halo.wikia.com\/wiki\/weapons there be probably more weapon in this game than the first two combine . unfortunately , many go by the wayside because of there ineffectiveness against enemies-especially on multiplayer . if you remember those large energy shield you always see the covenant standing behind and always wish you own , Halo 3 give you the option to do so along with a bunch of other new special item : energy drain , deployable cover , trip mine , bubble shield , flare , invincibility , incendiary grenade and a few more . the bubble shield be quite impressive-throw this out and a large sphere will encapsulate you and keep out any and all weapon fire include explosive . however , anyone can walk in . Vehicles 8 of 10 : a very well do fleet of both human , covenant and brute vehicle , quite a few new vehicle on every side along with mostly improve version of the old one . there be multiple version of the Warthog . the Mongoose -- be a small non-armored atv capable of very fast speed . a new bunch of brute vehicle such as the chopper enter the fray . and if you have not guess , the Scarab be back . in fact you 'll get to destroy four within the game . phantom be now destroyable . the tank now house a separate gunner for the machine gun while some speed be add and even out the slower rate of fire . a full list of the vehicle : http:\/\/halo.wikia.com\/wiki\/vehicles Story 6 of 10 : I must say my view on the plot surround Halo 3 be blurry . I have play through the game a few time now and can not understand where it be go . it seem to be overly complex without explain much . the story center on the Master Chief lose Cortana . about halfway through I really lose interest in what be go on with gravemind and the Flood and say forget it . maybe a primer should have come with the game or it do and I fail to read it . honestly , if someone can give I a synopsis of the storyline I would really appreciate it . unfortunately the Halo book have not progress thus far and I 'll have to wait to find out just exactly how the game end . Multiplayer 6 of 10 : and now for the thing that make Halo famous . Multiplayer have to be separate into two distinct part : the gameplay and the matchmaking system . let 's discuss the bad first . quite obviously the matchmaking system ... which can be livable at best . in the past the worst part about matchmaking be the wait time , constant restart and even complete loss of game because people quit or lose they connection . in retrospect they be not that bad compare to the most recent addition to the game . in fact get into a match be now very fast -lrb- about 2 minute on average -rrb- however , Bungie feel it be necessary to now change fundamental part of multiplayer . just last weekend I notice that something be seriously off . while attack a person I take his\/her shield down and meleed only to find it would not kill him\/her . I be also get kill by thing that should not have kill I . plasma grenade would explode 5-10 foot away-killing I . it be not the case before . this be not a singular phenomenon . my friend notice the same problem . nothing be consistent anymore . also supposedly less than 50,000 people be online . if you have not play before these thing might not bother you . to I it seem as if the programming be now favor the weaker player . it be kind of like study for a history exam and then somebody hand you a math test instead and take it away halfway through the allotted time . I have really lose interest in the game since this occur . aside from that there be ton of map and a decent amount of game variant . New map pack come out about every 3-4 month for a price . as be the case , they be make free month after they have come out . I be not sure what to think about multiplayer now . there be not superior multiplayer infrastructure in term of scope for xbox live . but at the same time when you be not sure what the physical rule be , how can I feel anything but disillusioned . conclusion a very well think out and truly fun game-which be something lack in these next gen game . `` over-realism '' be not fun . videogame be mean provide a escape . Halo have this in spade . a genetically enhance super soldier that fight alien in a half ton cybernetic suit of armor-brilliant . and you get to play as he . overall this game be the best halo for you money . if you own a xbox 360 I would not think twice about purchase this .
Video_Games	POS	5	Gamecube be the perfect game system . it be great for little kid or a 1st-time gamer . it be the cheapest of the 3 major video game system . it be very portable , as it be design to be . Storage be easy , because it be about the size of a lego bucket and weigh about 6 or 7 lb . the disc be kinda small , but they be easy for small hand to handle . the control be quite simple . this be perfect for bring in the car if you have a tv in the car for a long trip .
Video_Games	POS	4	hello , I purchase my copy of the fight simulator x deluxe when it first come out . let I tell you something , I have be a Proud Owner of Flight Simulator for almost 8 year . I have see the best , and the worst . I will say though , this game have , by far the best graphic , and Game Play ever to come out . Microsoft be try to Better then ever , and i think they may have come out with a game that be not ready and not suitable for the computer out there . -lrb- but will be a different story when Microsoft Vista come out . -rrb- I purchase a new computer -lrb- need one anyway -rrb- , New Logitech Freedom Joystick , and a Logitech Headset . it make a BIG difference ! pro 's -------- - the graphic for the most part be outstanding ! - airport activity be amazing - all the New aircraft be great , -lrb- Airbus 321 , Bombar . 700 , etc. -rrb- - mission - online Play con 's -------- - a little slow - online Play get Disconnected very offen - not suitable for most computer - come out to soon for this Generation Microsoft Came out with a New Generation Game , which be great , dont get I wrong , but its too soon for this . be AWARE : it take up 13,245.00 mb 's !!! most computer cant handle that , THIS take up more then half of MY COMPUTER ! but it be worth it . if you want a : - fun - enjoyable - exciting - very realistic - and most of all , like the real thing then this be for you . $ 70.00 be worth this wonderful game . great Job Microsoft , Great Job . regards , Tyler Owner of Flight Simulator for almost 8 year !
Video_Games	POS	5	very fun game . I buy it for my nephew and he love it . of course , he have to have the 2nd one now .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game rock it have xbox live abillity to and i have xbox live hehe .
Video_Games	POS	5	Mario Kart Super Circuit be a great racing game , ported form the Nintendo 64 version . the first Mario Kart game for the SNES be hit , but the n64 version add new stunning 3d graphic , but get get rid of some of the thing that make the SNES game so much fun . Mario Kart Super Circuit take the best of both title to make one of the best kart-racing game around . it include 20 new course to race on . for those of you who have play both the SNES and n64 version -lrb- like I have -rrb- you would find this game to be closer to the SNES title , which I personally think be better than the sequel on the n64 .  the graphic of this game be similar to the SNES game , but be mind-blowing for a handheld game . like the SNES and n64 version it include 3 mode : gp -lrb- Grand Prix -rrb- , battle and Time trial . in gp you choose one of 8 character : Mario , Luigi , Peach , Toad , Wario , Yoshi , Donkey Kong Jr. and Bowser , and race in a variety of course in 50cc , 100cc , or 150cc mode . 50cc mode be the easiest to race in , but in 100cc and 150cc the computer get a lot faster and more challenging . there be also several item that you get by run over box which help you during the race . lightning bolt -lrb- the rarest item to get -rrb- make all of the other opponent small , mushroom give you a speed burst , banana peel make one of you opponent crash if they slip on it , red shell be use to shoot directly at a opponent to get they off course , and green shell keep bounce off the wall until it hit one of the racer . if you earn enough point to win a Cup you 'll win trophy . also if you race well enough and earn enough coin you can unlock new track from the SNES Mario Kart title .  in Time Trial mode you race in any of the 30 + course and try to set record for each lap and\/or race .  in battle mode you and a friend choose a character to battle against each other . you drive around a course try to pop each other 's 3 balloon . you pop they balloon by shoot green or red shell at they or throw banana peel at they . this mode be very fun especially if you get tire of gp mode .  the background be very colorful , and the individual go-kart be detailed nicely . the music and the sound effect be great as well , and the gameplay be amazing .  if you be look for a very fun racing game for you gba , check out Mario Kart Super Circuit . it will provide hour and hour of fun for you .
Video_Games	POS	5	many kinect game need to use you body very hard but Body and Brain connection can be play by easy movement so anyone can play . the difference between d be that even if you know the answer you can not move you body immediately . but through the training the body start to react faster and faster and this experience be only for Kinect . and it be also enjoyable with family and friend .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be fantastic , do not get I wrong . the graphic be amazing in high definition -lrb- and standard definition they be great as well -rrb- and it have a very half-life 2 feel to it -lrb- though I have hear differently from many people -rrb- . the gameplay last about 5-10 hour depend on what you do in gameplay . you can complete gameplay in three different mode , and they be all fun to do and most people complete all three mode . you can complete this with a partner or with a partner online . it be fun playing coop online and provide a better experience -lrb- plus easier to complete the harder level difficulty the game provide -rrb- . the online have flaw and deficiency that hurt the overall quality of the game , in my opinion . the host for a online server can not change any host option unless he\/she close down the server -lrb- therefore kick everyone out to the main game menu -rrb- and restart the server . provide for a huge hassle . also , there be not enough online playable map and the only mode you can play be just a `` team battle '' -lrb- I will steal cod3 term -rrb- which make it very boring after a while . there be very few option on the multus player menu and the refresh screen to load the server take about 15 seconds to load . it may not sound a lot , but when you be excite to play it cause from a lot of frustration . the graphic be FANTASTIC . the player , building , scenery , and graphical visual all seem real and be the best graphic I have ever see on any game . it be that amazing . this game be a must-have for all xbox 360 owner . simply put .
Video_Games	POS	4	Graphics -------- graphically , Super Mario Galaxy be not as detail as some other title -lrb-  the Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess  the answer to that question be a resounding yes . many game be inconsistent between movie cutscene and gameplay , but this Mario title never miss a beat . there be lot of bold solid color , minimal shading , minimal anti-aliasing , and almost no shadow or lighting effect . this be deliberate , and evoke the feel of the original Mario title -lrb- and so I be tell the Mario 64 title , which I have never play -rrb- . this lack of detail conveniently also allow the game to work nearly flawlessly on the Wii with almost no frame rate issue -lrb- the exception be at least one of the underwater sequence - water be hard to animate -rrb- . it do tend to look a little jagged at time on larger screen because of the Wii 's limited output resolution , but it be a acceptable sacrifice . overall , I give it a 4\/5 star for graphic . I suspect that future title will find way around the Wii 's graphical limitation , and we 'll see better-looking game with the same or better performance , but for a relatively early title it look pretty darn good . music \/ sound ------------- this be where galaxy shine . a lot of the music be fully orchestrate , and it blend almost seamlessly with the more electronic musical theme , include all of the old favorite . they have cleverly layered multiple track so that they can switch between they to add or subtract additional orchestration at key moment -lrb- like when you set Bowser spin around the planet , the orchestra suddenly chime in much louder -rrb- , and even the sound effect -lrb- with a few exception -rrb- be engineer so that they stay in the same key as the music . this be all design to make the game as immersive as possible , and they pull it off beautifully . -lrb- incidentally , this multi-layered musical approach be also use to great effect in Twilight Princess . other game manufacturer really ought to pay attention to this and consider use this technique for they own game . -rrb- I give the music and sound easily 5\/5 star . Controls -------- the main problem that I have find be that the Nunchuk thumb controller be a little hard to steer accurately . also , there be time when you really want to adjust the camera \* just so \* and the game just will not let you do it . this get frustrating when you be force to jump over chasm at awkward angle . part of this be deliberate -lrb- for example , when gravity change , you can not adjust the world to be right-side up and you have to compensate -rrb- , but at other time it just seem like poor implementation . it seem to I that use the Wiimote pointer would be the `` right '' way to aim the camera , but instead they force you to use a awkward combination of the d-pad and the Nunchuk 's c button . there be a way to temporarily look at you situation in first-person view , but it be rarely useful and frustrating to control . I also have a great deal of trouble control Mario underwater , and fly be really quite frustrating . other than that , the control be fairly smooth and responsive . the use of the Wiimote pointer to pick up starbit be very efficient , and the z button work pretty well to do long jump and back-flip , although if you be not line up exactly right -lrb- darn camera ! -rrb- you 'll go fly off the edge of a cliff pretty quickly . the 2-player option be surprisingly useful for later level where you be too focus on not die to worry about pick up star bit , so you can have a buddy focus on that and provide you with cover fire . while not the best feature of Galaxy , it be a appreciate and useful addition . overall , I give the control 3\/5 star . overall Gameplay ---------------- as just about everyone else in the world have point out , the level design be phenomenal . there will be countless moment when you look at a upcoming challenge , ponder it for a moment , and then mutter `` oh ! '' when you figure out what you have to do to overcome it . then , you 'll probably say to yourself , `` how clever ! '' almost every level have a new and totally unique challenge of some sort . the new Mario suit , which be require to complete you quest , range from the familiar to the rather bizarre . far from just be power-up , each suit pose its own unique challenge and limitation . each level take roughly 10-15 minute to complete - perfect for a quick break between other activity . I like to do the dish , take a quick Mario break , then go fold some laundry , etc. . my only complaint be that if you do save you game and reload , you start back at the observatory and lose all of you extra life . -lrb- grant , free Marios be exceptionally easy to come by , so this be more of a quibble , although the first time I see it happen I be a bit take aback . -rrb- for the exceptional creativity , level of challenge , secret level and entertaining sub-plot , I give Mario a 5\/5 for sheer entertainment value . replayability -------------_NN for the most part , once you have figure out how to conquer a particular puzzle , you do not really need to tackle it again . therefore , I be not sure how replayable this particular title be , as the detail of the level do not really change much -lrb- once you have gather all of the star from the area -rrb- . I think some of you might enjoy replay past level and try to better you coin total . I do not get much out of that personally . I give it roughly 3\/5 for replayability , meaning , I would not trade the game in after I beat it , but I be not sure I would play it again afterwards . I might consider play through some of the level with a second player around to help out , or perhaps I would be the second player just to see exactly how much I can contribute .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the game be kinda corny in a nice sense . . not sophisticated but good for the younger crowd . the graphic be date .
Video_Games	POS	5	Nitido !!! no tengo ninguna queja , el envio , la entrega todo super rapido , en excelente estado , justamente lo que pedi , ni mas ni meno . lo recomiendo 100 % Estoy super complacida con toda las compras que he hecho en amazon .
Video_Games	POS	5	hand down the funnest game I have ever play . 38y\/o female . my 4 year old son love this game . he can play some of the easier level . he will get I on the harder one . so many world to go to . I can not say enough good thing about this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	great controller responsive no bothersome wire always connect to the xbox with no problem at all .
Video_Games	POS	5	wonderful toy -- allow for creativity and family-fun and definitely not a violent video game . allow for constructive use of Wii and lot of options\/activities . I would purchase this again as a gift . well worth the month
Video_Games	POS	5	I just buy Babyz . it be so fun . I find myself at the computer for hour just try to teach my baby a new word , feed he , or change he diaper . it be surley one of my favorite computer game . if you like this game you should also try the Sims , that another one of my all time favorite .
Video_Games	POS	5	the doom name have always be synonymous with fp -lrb- first person shooter -rrb- , so I be always amaze at how long it take ID to come out with a new iteration of the game with enhance play and graphic . let I just say that this game be worth the wait . the graphic be flawless , right down to the character 's arm hair . you can actually see realistic look dimple and razor scarring on the npc face ! I be get ahead of myself . the premise be rather straightforward . all hell break loose -lrb- no pun intend -rrb- on a top secret Martian research facility , and you character have be give the duty to set thing right . the monster be fierce and agile . the weapon be deadly . the environment be beyond spooky . my suggestion be to play this game at night with the light off and the speaker crank , and believe I , it will scare the living daylight out of you . all the weapon from the original doom be back , and look quite impressive , especially the bfg-9000 . a few extra have be add , such as hand grenade and the Soul cube . yes it can be a pain sometimes because you can not carry a flashlight and fire at the same time , force you to do without any light during critical firefight , but in my opinion that add to the horror and difficulty factor . creature aus be not that great , but let I tell you that these monster be much tougher than you remember from the original . imp can suddenly jump and strike you from 30 foot away , or even drop down from the ceiling behind you . the spider swarm you from every direction . the lose soul charge you at amazing speed from multiple direction . the gameplay can get repetetive quickly , but you heart be beat way too fast for you to even notice . with superb graphic , eery sound effect , and good playability , I say this game be a must have for any fp fan . FYI , the game run smoothly on my pc at 1024x768 at high detail with this setup : AMD Athlon xp 3000 + , 128MB Radeon 9600 pro , 1.5 gb RAM , 2x120 GB SATA strip raid .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get this for my fiance for he birthday . I pre-order it so it would be in just on time , i get it on he birthday ! he be so happy , and he love it ! I love watch he play it , great storyline ! this be a great game and it make a great gift .
Video_Games	NEU	3	as a long time fan of the Myst game -lrb- read the book ... own the soundtrack -rrb- , I be thrill to get my hand on the 4th installation of the series a few month ago . unlike some other reviewer , the dvd drive on my machine -lrb- mac g4 -rrb- have no trouble with the installation or play of the game - run like a charm . First off , the look and sound of the new game be simply stunning . the 360   move panorama format be use to superb effect , with move tree , water , and animal in lifelike digital detail . digitally render model be combine with pre-rendered backdrop for a ` living ' world that you can totally get lose in . the look of this game be on par with anything we have see from Pixar . and Jack Wall be back again with another lush score , which feature a full orchestra , plenty of unusual ethnic instrument and a lovely choir of women ' voice . Peter Gabriel even pitch in a song -lrb- `` curtain '' , the b-side to `` big time '' from 1987 -rrb- for a short abstract mid-game music video . the attention to detail in both sound and visual be really top notch , and be worth the price of the game . Myst : revelation also feature more full-screen video and live act than any previous episode . sadly , the intensity of Brad Dourif from `` Myst : exile '' be not match by the talent in revelation . perhaps the pedestrian script be at fault , but most of the acting -lrb- particularly from Guy Sprung as Achenar -rrb- come across as overdo community theater . Juliette Gosselin 's Yeesha , while often endearing , have a somewhat unnatural way of deliver she dialogue , choose to emphasize word in sentence that do not sound right ... perhaps it be because they be all canadian ? in fact , I would say that Myst creator Rand Miller , reprise he role as Atrus , deliver the only somewhat natural performance in the game . I would like to see Myst 5 bring the act and script up to the level of the technology . the roughest edge in Myst : revelation , however , come from the gameplay itself . while many puzzle have that familiar ` Myst feel ' with clear physical connection to observe , lever to move , and switch to flip , the puzzle seem to get less inspired and more abstract as the game go on . where the earlier game really tie the puzzle into the story , Myst 4 have a few puzzle that seem rather arbitrary - like the developer have some puzzle idea hang around and shoehorn they into the game to fill it out . it be the more transcendent puzzle that get to be particularly incomprehensible . I really intend to play this game without use the include ` interactive digital hint guide , ' but I eventually have to give up on that dream . a good puzzle require you to think outside the box - myst 4 often require I to think outside of the game itself , try to decipher the will of the developer who create the puzzle instead of the game character . too many puzzle be simply not clear enough to be understand without check the hint system for reassurance that I be on the right path . when I do go into the hint guide , I find that the hint either do not provide I any information I do not already know , or give away the answer in full . there do not seem to be any middle ground for those `` I be half way there , but I need a push '' kind of hint - you either get the whole solution or barely any help at all . sadly , even after read the spoiler in the hint guide , I often find myself think `` but that be what I be do ! '' or `` how do they expect I to figure that out ? '' . in general , the puzzle be either pretty cool or impossibly frustrating . just a small handful of puzzle fall into the `` just right '' category , where I feel challenge but not utterly confound . and then , in the end , the game just sort of ... end . unlike some of the previous game in the series , there be not any sort of cool ` payoff ' or reward for reach the end ... there be not even a cliffhanger for the next installment . they just sort of tie up the loose end and leave it . weak . overall , I would say that Myst : revelation be a technical marvel that should be play , if only for the eye candy and sound design . as for the gameplay , Myst fan will probably get into it , and people who do not mind go for the hint guide a lot will probably like it , but if you want to play a game that you can really feel satisfied with figure out all by yourself , this one may prove more annoying than fun . the designer just do not make the path clear enough for the majority of the game , and while the surface shine like a diamond , the substance underneath retain a bit too much coal .
Video_Games	POS	5	I think human revolution be a strong buy if you be look for something outside of the call of duty-style shooting gallery . dxhr be a place of character , decision and consequence , as much as it be a place of bullet and bloodshed . it be one of the more rewarding action game that I have play in several year and a worthy companion to the original . the story be a engrossing techno-thriller potboiler , where you be never quite sure who you can trust , or for how long . some alliance be brief , and turn of fate can come unexpectedly . thing be not what they appear to be at first , and people be not always who they seem to be . the more you uncover , the higher the stake seem to get . but you do get clue about where thing be go to go , if you hack enough computer and get you hand on the right people and the right document . even the side mission inform you about the game world and how you character be view by other ; sometimes a hero-in-waiting , other time a potential contract killer . it be up to you to confirm they belief or prove they wrong . after all , you have great potential for both good and evil with you `` augmentation , '' prosthetic that re not just mechanical assistance but machinery \* better \* than flesh and graft to you body ; replace lung , eye , and heart , not to mention you limb . the higher capacity that this give a person -- and the effect that it have on the perception of they very humanity -- will be a run theme throughout the game . dhxr also hearken back to the old Splinter cell , with a side of metal Gear Solid . like those game , you can not run into a room gun blaze . you have to strategize by either pick people off surgically , or avoid they altogether . you 'll need to get password and keycode to get into secret area , and the environment be highly explorable -- there be a distinct lack of paint door and arbitrary obstacle , and a complete absence of invisible wall . so go ahead and wander down that corridor that lead away from you objective , because you may find a useful weapon or valuable piece of information . the area have a variety of alternate route , some of which you need special ability -lrb- call `` augmentation '' -rrb- to access . you 'll need to hide the people you have take down , because another person sight they can set off a alarm . if the person you have take down be unconscious -lrb- you get a variety of non-lethal approach to combat -rrb- , then they can be revive . firefight use a cover-based system that put you in a third-person , over-the-shoulder perspective . you can blind-fire or aim around corner . and you can lob a variety of grenade . you can hack robotic gun turret sometimes and turn they against you attacker . it work pretty smoothly without make you feel like the game be do all the cover work for you . as far as production value go , the visual be behind the curve , but this do mean that more computer will be able to handle the game without many performance issue . the voice acting be generally very good , although Adam Jensen may be a acquire taste . it help I to pretend he be basically Clint Eastwood transport to the future . the ambient music be incredibly atmospheric , although the main theme be use heavily , and you may find it repetitive . sound effect be also polish and vary . if I have any complaint , it would be for the spike in difficulty for the `` boss battle . '' there be few of they , thankfully , but you 'll probably find yourself reload many time before you finally crack it . it be not ninja gaiden maddening , but it do evoke the same kind of frustration . there be also a lot of back-and-forth when wander in between mission , without really any landmark to guide you . it be a bit easy to get lose or hit a dead-end .
Video_Games	POS	4	take a little bit of get use too , but be a lot of fun . it be something the whole family can enjoy .
Video_Games	POS	5	these headset be the best one I have ever own in my life of play xbox 360 . they be sturdy , adjust to you head size , and even the mic adjust in length and closer or further from you mouth . there be no echo to the player in you party or game , and the sound from they be very loud and clear to hear . I 'll never buy any other headset again !
Video_Games	POS	4	do not get I wrong . this be a great game . it be very fun . it be just too damn easy to beat . I would recommend rent the game rather than purchase it . unless you can purchase it for $ 4.99 .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have thoroughly play battlefield 3 and despite the bug it really be a fantastic game . it really be . definitely one of my favorite game now and definitely my favorite over call of duty . HOWEVER !!! and this be a big however . origin , the pointless ea software that you have to use\/have in order to play the game , be a really poor excuse for ea to literally spy on you computer as much as they want . I have read some of the agreement you have to check in order to play the game as well as read a bunch about it online and it basically say that by check `` I agree to these term '' you give ea the rights to take and sell any information they find on you computer to 3rd party company as well as use it for they be on gain . this be the same thing they do with the original mass effect all over again . if you new to the hole ea see , be aware , they be a shifty company and frequently try thing like this . they frequently take advantage of they customer and frakly be not to be trust . Stay away from ea whenever possible ! how South Park portray they in one of they newer episode be absolutely spot on . Trust I , ea evil in many way .
Video_Games	POS	5	knight of the old republic be a awesome game that be just as compelling to play as the first one . although , there be a few more bug that cause for headache and aggrevation . however , if you be willing to overlook these minor problem , this game will draw you into a world all its own . kotor2 pick up where the first one leave off , you be a jedus outcast that have be abandon on a die ship that harbor on a equally die planet . you sole companion for the beginning be a old Jedi woman that have become you bond mate through the force , and a tough , fiesty fighter pilot that be throw in the clink . however , through the course of you journey you will pick up other along the way , some old friend , other ... well , we just be not quite sure . as far as planet and plot go , there be more to choose from and go through , its a very lengthy game to say the least . it take I about four hour just to get off the first planet , and that be play it straight through . also , for those of you that enjoy FPS , this game likely will not thrill , for the puzzle come thick and fast , and the plot revolve around alot of communicate with you follower . the graphic be really good , and run pretty decent on the lower system -lrb- mine for example -rrb- and the enviromental element be truly amazing . there be the ability to see you breath on frosty planet , and the wind gently blow tree and grass . its a game that be truly immersive . however , the end be a big disappointment . typical end of kill the boss -lrb- s -rrb- , but then there be just the end movie and the game stop . no final dialogue , and you never do find out what really happen on Malachor V , or what happen to you friend that where stick there . Obsidion get to carry away by try to live up to Bioware 's standard that they forget the most importent aspect of this game , and that the ending really do count . I have to agree with everyone else that this game be rather half-done . its still a great game to play , and a worthy sequel to knight of the old Republic , but that end ... .
Video_Games	POS	5	so , I be kind of a noob on own a PS3 . in fact , I have not own a console since the original Nintendo , but I do get a PS3 to play blu-ray and basically for Modern Warfare 2 . now I be hardcore into black op and get interested in rpg with the release of the goty edition of Fallout 3 . Castlevania be new ground for I . I remember the original quite well , but hear that this one be not in keep with the franchise ... a reinvention , as it be . I have no idea that there be story line in the original Castlevanias back on the the old bit system , so the story line of this one be so far pretty awesome for I . I be only on chapter 4 -lrb- chapter 2 be nine level ! -rrb- , so I be not all that deep into it , but it be solid as far as game story go . some of it be contrived or seem a little non-sequitur , but hey , it be a video game . it be kind of awesome to listen to Patrick Stewart orate from a scroll at the beginning of each level , too . Gameplay itself be sweet , too . Gabriel start off pretty standard with he cross-chain and that be that , but as he develop skill and acquire relic , he get more and more awesome as far as combat . I especially like be able to ride some of the beast , which you have to do in some case to beat certain level . replay value be incorporate into the game since you can replay any level in order to obtain goody use new skill that you could not previously get . also , each level have a trial that you unlock after beat it , so you can play through again and attempt to succeed at a specific task ; some be easy and some be very difficult . this be a cool feature since Gabriel acquire skill by buy they with xp , so if you be a perfectionist\/completist like I , you 'll be play through the first level before you be even halfway do the game -lrb- which be why I be only at the end of chapter 4 now -rrb- . graphic and animation and all that picture quality mumbo-jumbo be mind-blowing . the game itself be very , very pretty - and from my perspective , for what it be worth , very polished and not at all glitchy . the worst thing I have notice be when I die and the game freeze frame the moment and put it on `` parchment '' paper to immortalize the moment , sometimes the bad guy who nail I be a little jumpy in place . not really a issue at all . to conclude , this game really have it all : action , puzzle-solving , a bit of exploration , character-building , etc. . if you walk back into Castlevania like I do , expect nothing and know nothing , then you will definitely be impress with the stride this franchise have make since the late-1980 's . I highly recommend this game !
Video_Games	POS	5	I love this game ! ice Cap be REALLY cool , along with Twinkle Park . when you enter Twinkle Park , you have to get in a bumper car and drive down a long but fun road . it have ton of loop and hairpin curve ... drool . and the ending of Ice Cap be cool , where you have to snowboard down the mountain to avoid a avalanche and then skid down and grab the Emerald on you way . the Storyline : Sonic be return to Station Square after a long journey and run across a liquid monster name Chaos . you have to fight he , and he turn into a puddle and slip down the sewer . then he be at the beach and see tail in he new plane , out of control . you have to get through Emerald Coast to save he . tail show Sonic a Purple Chaos Emerald -lrb- if they be emerald , why be just the Ice Cap one green ? O. o -rrb- and tell he it be the power source of he new plane . then he tell Sonic to meet he at he shop in the Mystic ruin . sonic arrive , but he be stop by Robotnik and have to fight he . I forget the rest , but at one point you have to fight Knuckles . when you be Amy , the end be pretty sad : e-102 die and the bird 's family fly away with the bird .  Chao : the Chao , also know as a-life , be little blue and green coo thing that remind many sonic fan of Tamagotchi . you have to feed they and let they sleep . you 'll notice that when you attack a enemy in a Action Stage , a animal inside a green bubble float out . grab the animal , and when you go to the Chao Garden the animal you collect will fly out . hold one up to a Chao and after glowing green , it 'll get a characteristic of the animal . only animal that have spark fly from they do this , though . if you give you Chao enough animal , -lrb- 20 once , 50 the second time . -rrb- it 'll sit down and form a white cocoon around it . the cocoon will fade and the Chao will look different and be a different color . if you Chao be limp or if you hurt it a lot , it will make a cocoon and die .  so , all in all , this game rule !
Video_Games	NEU	3	aside from the bug -lrb- which at the time i buy this game be many -rrb- it be a good game . think the expansion have make it more enjoyable . though i do prefer fallout 3 more .
Video_Games	POS	4	good overall sound quality , when i hook it up to my xbox i be a little confused at first because you have to hook it up to the av cable , then have to go and turn the game volume down to hear my friend talk that my only complaint , but it perform extremely well on my pc
Video_Games	POS	4	this do not have tennis and I really want tennis . other than that , it be fine . the bowling be boring but the volleyball be fun . I love the Kinect .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my teenage son . I figure they would like it . they do but so do I !!! I have so much fun and it be a great workout too . once you get through the tutorial you finally get to fight different opponent . the tutorial be key because you have to learn to move a certain way in order to hit you opponent . once I learn the move I have soooo much fun . I work out but I have add this game to my workout program . what make it so great be that it be fun so you do not think about the fact that you be exercise . you literally move every muscle in you body . I hate work out so this be a great alternative . Ladies , if you be look for a fun alternative to work out give this game a try . it be like take a kickboxing class at the gym but way more fun . you do not have to worry about technique or look silly . just get up and get move ! my son actually cheer I on ! LOL
Video_Games	POS	4	I play this game on a regular basis . yes - the interface be clunky . I get use to it ... fast . yes - the Tutorial be buggy . the Title Update on Dec. 7 2010 by download on XBOX live fix that . I love the tutorial now and how you can learn the latin dance move . it work . yes - you get sign out of play . Make sure the light be on in the room you be play in and put the dog in another room . I have master the skill of sign back in . ugh . hopefully more title update for the Zumba fan that do not return the game ! I do a big ol review of this on my blog when it be first release , and luckily the title update have improve on one of my biggest complaint ... that tutorial . this be not the best game a development company have make for XBOX Kinect . we also have other Kinect game and love to play they . fyi - Majesco really do not have stellar title in general , but this be the best zumba game - yeah , its the only zumba game ... LOL ! however , this may even be the best Majesco game . hahaha , Congratulations ! Zumba fanatic like I will deal with the glitch , help debug the game by complain online about feedback ... and have fun with the game regardless . it be possible , and I will say I work out way harder with this than with Dance Central , but Dance Central be more fun to play . the Zumba title have about 30 song with dance routine . the music be all good , it be the regular zumba stuff that Instructors use , it be hard to get this music on a cd for yourself . the music be addicting ! dvd be also a good choice for those who want to workout at home . grab a friend and jump into a Zumba class be the best ! it be not for everyone , but I have lose 50 lb since start Zumba 10 month ago . I do not know what the heck I be do but it be so fun ! I refer to Zumba as the `` gateway drug to fitness '' for people who resist regular excercise . I now enjoy other activity and love my Zumba . my thought be , this game might help some people who be too shy to get to class . the game be playable , Zumba be remarkable .
Video_Games	POS	5	Buzz Lightyear of Star command be a game that follow the old formulum : nab the villain and get the point . but oh , how they do it ! Weapon name like blaster and plasma Ray Gun make I want to pull the trigger . colorful villain like the fixer , nos4a2 -lrb- my favorite -rrb- and the Evil Emporer Zurg -lrb- `` curse you , Buzz Lightyear -lrb- for make a excellent game that everyone love -rrb- -rrb- be there for the chasing . animation from the animated tv show spice up between-level time . what more could you want from a Disney game ?
Video_Games	POS	5	be the best choice over all . just what i expect , the kinect really , be the future bring to you hand , i recomend it
Video_Games	POS	5	I get this for my dad for Christmas along with the game brain age . he be 51 & be worry about he brain aging . so , this be a natural purchase for he . he really enjoy play it . plus , it be scientifically prove to sharpen you brain , so how can you go wrong ?
Video_Games	NEG	2	the ps2 have inferoir graphic to GameCube and Xbox . its graphic chip run at only 150 mhz . Gamecube ; 205 mhz and xbox be a whopping 780 mhz . plus you have to search for button on the controller , which kinda stink . spend you money on a Gamecube . Nuff say
Video_Games	POS	4	I buy this , it work great for literally 20 minute , then it stop work . manage to get it work again after mess around with the driver and now it work perfectly fine . for the hassle I go through to make it work , its worth the price , you just might have to play with it a bit to get it work .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be obviously program by people who have little to no historical knowledge of the civil war . the only battle out of the four with even a semblance of the historical military balance be Gettysburg . the other three , the `` seven day battle , '' Chattanooga , and Chancellorsville , bear no resemblance to the actual battle in either landscape or unit involve . and as other reviewer have point out , the `` Confederation '' wear blue uniform and the Union gray . in addition , artillery unit be so deadly in this game that no other unit can get near they . they can virtually win a battle by themselves , which be certainly not the case in the civil war . the game also crash quite a bit .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be the only one that have use it so far . I buy it with the just Dance 2 game and even though you be dance and have fun , you be sweating and work out you body too ! the Wii itself : I and my family can watch Netflix , create we own Mii , easy setup , and even go on the internet , and it come with the resort and sport which be fun , but not as much fun as just Dance 2 . just wish : they have a Pandora app , & can play dvd on the Wii itself = \/
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be fun , a good addition to my small kinect collection that only consist of `` just dance 3 '' and `` kinect adventure '' which come with it . it be fun , work great . can not go wrong . also purchase the other season of this game too so i could have more sport to play . it be just as good . worth get if you want something more to do and love sport
Video_Games	POS	5	this thing rule all memory card to the point of no end !!!!! so what be the matter with it ? no they be wrong , I save one 2k2 game and one Capcom vs. SNK 2 game on the same VMU , believe all when say `` a must have ! '' it truly be !!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	this update to the d be a significant one due to the online support not the graphic . I know that it have be advertise as amazing 3d which it do have but I feel that the Street pass and spot pass feature be truely amazing along with the pedometer it be interesting to know that there be people out there with it and the Street Plaza find mii game be really fun . the marketplace be great the next step be have full game for download and we will probably see that in the next update to the handheld system . one con : the battery be absulutely terrible ! it last about 5 hour a little less with 3d on and high brightness , you dont need to have these option on but even if you put power saver on and brightness on 1 , the most it will last on standby be about a day and a half with occational gameplay . OVERALL : Great game console . kid love it and they get to share more thing with they friend .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I receive the Wii remote plus not package in the manufacturer 's box . the item come wrap in bubble in a plain brown box . this product be most likely counterfeit and this be unacceptable . I be not expect this from Amazon and I be go to return the product . I buy a lot of thing from Amazon but after this incident I be go to stop do so .
Video_Games	NEG	1	a horrid game , poor graphic , worst control ever on a redundant , soon dead , over rate , low sale console . save you cash . yes this game suck on XBox too .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy two of these for my daughter because they carry they psp 's everywhere . it can carry games\/movies and keep the psp protect . for the price and quality this item be ideal for any psp owner .
Video_Games	POS	5	take about 1 minute to purchase and receive the code . Got my game off the market place faster than ever . never go to the store and buy point . its so much easier like this . -lrb- only give card as gift or something -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	4	i like the game . its pretty close to the movie . the main thing i wish they have be a save feature . you can only save if you finish the chapter . for someone do it in short period of time it can get frustrating do the same thing over again before get to where you be the last time and have to quit before you get to the end of the chapter . otherwize kid and adult fan of sw would get a kick out of this game !
Video_Games	NEU	3	I pick this one up because of the hype and because it be 3d enable . the 3d be barely noticeable . Killzone 3 's be phenomenal compare to black op . everyone i talk to that have black op absolutely love it ... I just can not figure out why . it be a fp . nothing truly remarkable about it . I truly do not care for the way in which the single player story play out . the gameplay be pretty standard . you can only carry 2 different type of weapon which be pretty normal for today 's console shooter . maybe the multiplayer mode be really kickass , I do not know . I have not play the multiplayer mode . single player be nothing remarkable . it be ok though . fun enough to play it through .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a true 5 star game . huge and worth hundred of hour of exploration . I much prefer it to Oblivion .
Video_Games	POS	5	all I can say be WOW . so many improvement that make this even more realistic than before . very creative with all of the extra . need fast internet speed to play campaign online . lag be a issue until I increase to a higher speed .
Video_Games	NEU	3	ok to start off with the adventure mode be really fun . for those who be new at chess , it teach not only the basics , but also some tip and trick that will help with you game . the story be a bit lame , but who buy a chess program for a good storyline ? the main chess program itself be strong , but not even close to be the strongest . among computer program it get trash even by the free crafty chess engine ; though admittedly not much of a concern unless you be rate over 2000 . I find the interface a bit clumsy , and it force full screen mode even if you just want to play a game of chess . user of unsupported graphic card could be in for a headache ; anything post year 2000 from nvidium or atus should be clear sailing though . overall it be a good program for those who want to get they foot wet in chess , but for experienced player who want to improve they game this would not be my first recommendation . my favorite be Fritz Grandmaster Challenge II ; for the same price you get the powerful Fritz 7 engine , and the very useful chessbase game database software , though that program have a severe problem with the Fritz 7 engine where it will not let you change back to it without a very technical workaround . of course the venerable Chessmaster series will also provide a excellent alternative . another advantage of both be that you can use literally hundred of different engine for they ; Chessbase support UCI and chessbase engine while Chessmaster support Winboard engine . the adventure mode be a unique way to teach the game of chess to newcomer . but one have to consider for the club player , Majestic Chess do not offer any kind of game database , game analysis and annotation , which both of the alternative offer -lrb- though fritz own in this regard -rrb- . that say if you do buy Majestic Chess for the fun adventure mode , scid + winboard + engine or arena + engine be free , and offer all those more advanced feature except pre-installed weaker personality that give you a better chance of win , which be where Majestic Chess come in .
Video_Games	POS	4	I think ea Sports active 2 be definitely a step up from the original . I really like the interactive content and heart rate monitor . the infrared leg strap be a big improvement as well . I no longer have a desire to use the original -lrb- active 1 -rrb- because it have so much trouble follow my movement and track my repetition . active 2 sometimes have trouble track movement but not so much so that it take away from the experience as it do in active 1 . I be also happy with the variety of the exercise content . a downside I have encounter with the Wii remote sensor for this game be that it be far too touchy -lrb- when compare to other Wii game I have -rrb- when attempt to select from the on-screen menu .
Video_Games	POS	5	I 'll keep this short but this game be nothing short of amazing ! from graphic , to story line , to the incredible new battle system . I 'll admit I read a few review complain about the game 's initial ` linear ' aspect , which do take some time to open up , but these review be clearly make while in the begin portion of the game . and anyone that have play ff for any length of time know that it take some time to build the story , develop you character and truly experience a ff game in its entirety . so anyone that be a ff fan , or rpg for that matter , should buy this game . may not have the depth of ff3 and ff7 but it be a great addition to the series and I highly recommend it .
Video_Games	POS	5	Esta excelente el juego , a mi hermano le gusto mucho . Llego en perfecto estado , totalmente sellado , y e 100 % original .
Video_Games	POS	5	my four year old boy twin can not get enough of this game . it have teach they to have responsibility for they real animal and have help they to have ton of creative play away from the computer . we be always blow dry we stuff animal hair now ! they have be play Pet Shop for over a year now and be never bore of it . I highly recommend it for kid who love animal .
Video_Games	NEU	3	to the point , Homefront be a let down . I buy it for online play . actually sp mode be better than mp online I think . I buy the disk and you will have about five hour to download the rest of the game with a 500mbp download speed . Kinda generic I think ; why buy a disk ? can it be play later w\/o a internet connection to steam ? do not seem to be compatible with x-fire yet . no pic or video with x-fire . in sp , there seem to be a lot of unused map area ; be a way of put it . there be no action there , game action be always condensed in a small area . become predictable . would be nice if you do not have to play follow the leader throughout the game . too control . in mp , I feel the game offer no tactic . after 30 hour of play , most of what I experience be numbnut call in airstrike right and left , run around launch rpg 's like no tomorrow , or drone do all the dirty work . I think it take a lot away from the game . I think the map be just too small for the use of plane and tank . I guess just run around aimlessly with the big bad rpg . the spawn I like . I think one would have to be part of a clan with plan to enjoy yourself online ; might work . the game lack a teamwork setting . there be too much blast the $ % ^ & out everything with tank , airstrike , or RPG 's . it get old , S.O.S. . the mp choice do not seem well think out . the potential be there , but ... I have not have any problem with the game itself , no lag with a 1mb dsl connection . hiccup free . Video card be a 5770 with a Gateway dx4710-5 . everything crank to the max and I have 60fp . Homefront , ehh its 50\/50 . I be expect more . cant compare it to the cod4 , have not play it .
Video_Games	POS	5	everyone have they own version of the ` perfect ' final fantasy game and hence , it be impossible to please everyone . but 13 do a remarkable job in create a FUN RPG , not just a fun ff game . Play it with a open mind , know it be a fun jrpg but not your version of the perfect ff game , you will love it .
Video_Games	POS	4	great graphic , build on the Tekken series . vast array of character from which to choose and the storyline version be fun and different . more fun for single player while all of the best of multi-player battle remain . great fun with friend and the older kid . obviously , with any violent game , parental discretion need to be there as to the appropriateness of the game for various age .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be a lot of fun ! I love that I can get people to dance even if there be not enough controller . a group of we be play for hour ! I love that it be like I be work out by dancing on the Wii .
Video_Games	POS	5	the kid really love use this mic with the ps2 Karaoke game . Works well .
Video_Games	POS	5	Works very well . no issue with it . seem to work just as well as the cable controller , without cable ! will be order another .
Video_Games	NEG	1	1 . Graphics Well , the water effect and some screen dynamics be pretty cool . however , they fail to mitigate the horrendous appearance of npc . literally , each male character 's facial feature look no better than the one from medal of honor : Allied Assault . the texture and geometry be pretty dull even when render in the highest setting . the most atrocious aspect of dnf 's graphic be far-sight blur : background and object far away from the player be render with severe blurriness like you be watch a 3d movie . I have no idea what Gearbox be think when they implement this feature , since it certainly exacerbate the overall look of the game . maybe they mean to blur out the weapon while duke be iron-sighting ? 2 . ridiculous AI No pun intend , I think the original game have better aus than this one . some lethargic enemy will hide behind box container during a freeway battle , and will not come out till you approach they . one time , I be downstairs directly below some piggy on a balcony , they keep throw grenade upstairs as if I be there . well , they be suppose to be retard , but still they should not be try to obliterate each other with they own grenade when they foe be actually downstairs . 3 . this game be just not Duke Nukem to the people say `` do not expect this game to be mw2 '' : then why can duke hold only 2 gun at a time and he have a self-recharging health bar ? I understand Gearbox be probably force to follow today 's fp trend in some degree , but this be just not Duke Nukem . you could hold multiple weapon and you health do not regenerate in Bioshock , but it turn out to be a fantastic game . I wish Gearbox have create a game with much of its own characteristic , instead of engender a collage of well-known successful game , such as mw2 , Halflife , Halo , quake , etc -lrb- seriously ? a railgun in Duke Nukem ? give I a break ! -rrb- dnf do not exhibit much originality . Gearbox attempt to copy-paste some of nostalgic feature from the original game , and then some of the distinct feature from each of the game I have mention . no card key , no jetpack , no mighty-foot engage the brawl ... many of the characteristic you expect this game to inherit from its predecessor be unfortunately absent . 4 . each battle become very repetitive there be only a few type of enemy . I will not bother enumerate they all , but there be about 10 minion type if I remember correctly . they be either from the original game or from Halflife series : some bug from hl2ep2 , the big monster wield with hive-hand gun . in the original game , the player have plenty of chance to exult in confront some of the most creative enemy . not in this game . even the boss battle become tepid after the first 30 seconds . 5 . the Atmosphere of the game except for a few level , you 'll spend nearly the entire game in dark and gloomy hallway , mostly do closed-space combat . it resemble quake 4 rather than the original Duke Nukem game . just like mw2 , each map be extremely linear . there be not many explorable area divert from a main route of each level . at least mw2 have some memorable moment or transition in mission objective while you be follow the main route . in dnf , there be some cut-scene in between . that be all . 6 . conclusion although the game evince some of Gearbox 's painstaking effort to create detailed and interactive component -lrb- such as pinball machine , the strip club , airhocky , etc -rrb- , this game be conclusively a epic failure . not much originality , the game become repetitive after the first few level , you probably will not even know what to say when you see its meaningless 30-second ending . I strongly suggest you wait till the price of this game drop down to $ 19.99 . consider the quality of the game , it should not take very long for dnf to become that cheap .
Video_Games	POS	5	I would read the Nancy Drew book when I find out about the game . for my birthday I want the game and I go on Amazon . the ratind be good so I decide I would get this game . it be really fun . even though the game be make for girl my brother and he friend really like it . my brother would make I play it when I get up -lrb- I be only allow on the computer on weekend -rrb- . so I say the game be a COOL COOL FANTASTIc GAME !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I have be play the Nancy Drew game for a few year now , and have find that with each one the graphic , intrigue & fun just keep get better & better . in `` danger by design '' Nancy agree to go to Paris to help a nervous investor of Minette 's House of Fashion . he be nervous because Minette have begin act very strangely & have fall way behind on she new spring collection - both of which could lead to a failed business venture . once there , Nancy become aware of several threatening letter the designer have receive , as well as a number of rumor concern artwork that have be steal during World War II that may be hide in the old wind Mill that now serve as Minette 's House of Fashion . could they be relate some how ? as Nancy Drew , you will find yourself snoop around for clue , work to earn the money need to buy several need item , solve various puzzle , and ultimately put all the information together to solve the mystery surround Minette & the steal artwork . overall , I love `` danger by design '' . it have the best graphic to date for a nd game & it be great fun to play . I would highly recommend it to anyone who have enjoy play other such game , as well as those who enjoy -lrb- or be enjoy -rrb- read the nd series .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I be a big fan of m&m; 6 and 7 -lrb- and all the previous one -rrb- , but it become painfully obvious after 2 minute game time that New World make zero effort to make a new game . simply put , this be m7m7 with a few new , and frankly annoying , new change .  the first change involve the idea of the entire party sprout from one central character -lrb- but not do as well as Baldur 's gate -rrb- . this be marginally interesting .  the second difference be the new character class . the Vampire , Dragon , dark Elf , and Troll be add . now whoever though that the Vampire should replace the paladin -lrb- the fighter\/cleric motif -rrb- must have be high . the one tolerable part of this idea be the new spell specific to each race . frankly , though , its less than wonderful .  the aus seem to have improve slightly , though its weird that walk on a certain point guarantee that Pirates will appear from nowhere and attack . also , the storyline seem a bit more cohesive .  all and all its a decent game -lrb- purely due to its have use such a good base design -lrb- aka mm6 -rrb- . frankly , the designer should look at the original Might and Magic -lrb- still the best of the series -rrb- , and try develop a game with a bit more think and a bit less formulum .  it be worth buying , but do not expect anything new or wonderful .
Video_Games	NEG	2	\* Edit \* I previously be bash this product for not work , when it fact it be the ps2 controller that be at fault . it seem that error with a faulty controller be noticeable only on pc , but not noticeable when plug into a actual ps2 . if you have a button that be always light up when you try and change the button mapping , that be a sign that you will not be able to play you game because that loop button will override anything you try to do . for those of you that can not get vibration to work , there be driver at : -lrb- . . -rrb- under `` Super dual Box pro '' go into the control panel and change the setting - I test and the vibration work - but the program seem to crash upon closing and do not seem to be fully compatible with vista . overall , this product have work for I , and I have since change my review from 2 to 4 star . yay !
Video_Games	NEU	3	I have be wait for this game since I discover Battlefield2 Bad Company ... be really expect they to continue with the character they develop in bc2 . the game play in single player be ok , but just do not live up to all the hype . I do not like the way the game control you action ... you can not take alternate route into a firefight , you be tell when to throw flashbang ... and after a promp , its do for you ? ... what cheese . the hand to hand fight be a joke . the game look great , sound great , but play mediocre . mw3 come to butthead !
Video_Games	POS	5	first off let I tell you that this be the best game ever to come out on any console . if anyone doubt I just read this review . the graphic in my book be amazing I would give they a 10\/10 the gameplay10\/10 and the overall score since the scale dose not reach 10 10\/10 . slick COLLIO and any one who doubt this game be so wrong because this game be so perfect that it should actualy recieve a 20\/10 . if any one would say the ending be dumb do not pay any attention to the cut screen in the game so you do not get the end . if you ask I the end be clever and to the point . whoever say that GTA San Andreas be better do not pay any attention to the tree in the backround of the big smoke mission . if you pay any attention you would see that the tree grow in less than1 second . now back to the topic Halo 2 . I get the special edition one . even though it cost $ 5 more it come with a bonus dvd that show the making of Halo 2 and it also show the early stage before Halo 1 be in first person view . I buy this game the day it come out because I reserve it at the mall near my house . if you ask I this should have make game of the year and those of you who be mad that it do not know that it just miss the deadline to be qualify for game of th year . for those GTA fan out there you should be glad that it miss the deadline because it would have kick its @ $ $ in the pole . to end my review for you die hard halo fan we will have we day when rockstar run out of idea on what to base the city on in later GTA game and they might accidently base it on New York again and we will laugh in there face when they do .
Video_Games	POS	4	overall the game be very good but i do not enjoy the game as much as i enjoy tale of Vesperia for the PS3 the battle system seem kind of awkward to I compare to tov and the character seem more childish in my opinion . I still love the game and i hope we get all the DLC the japanese version have on the na release soon . thumb up Namco Bandai ! .
Video_Games	POS	4	purchase to replace a case skin that have wear through , this appear to be a good option . it have the same good fit and provide a secure grip .
Video_Games	POS	5	ok , we all know how ! awesome ! this system be ! its a mp3 player , mini movie player , game system , photo holder , its all anybody could ever want ! its look be sleek , smooth , and H.O.T. !!! the screen be better than anything , its get about 16.77 million color , the display be amazing . sure , its a `` handheld '' device , but really , its much , much more ! it be truly a all in one entertainment system that can fit in the palm of you hand . oh yea ! i forget , it can also surf the internet ! but here be the one problem , it be way expensive . i buy the system core , a memmory card -lrb- recomended 2gb -rrb- the playgear protect pocket -lrb- a must have to keep you psp safe -rrb- a car charger -lrb- for raod trip -rrb- a battery charger , one game -lrb- socom -rrb- , the Wifi connector -lrb- to use the internet , not a must have , but awesome if you have one -rrb- and it come to the amount of about $ 350 dollaar , that be ALOT ! but really , in the end , it be worth it .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be a little confusing at first , but I do not read direction so that my fault . if you have a metal case for you dsus it will not fit in unless you take it off .
Video_Games	POS	4	absolutely love this game !! I do not know why people complain about the wiimote and nunchuck , because I think they be quite compatible as controller . the graffic be terrific as be the storyline , and if you be not use cheat , the game be just difficult enough to keep you interested , but not so difficult that it drive you nut and you give up , and chuck the wiimote at you poor hdtv . I really love the little village ; they be so quaint and charming -lrb- you have guess it ; I be a chick -rrb- ! the only thing that I dislike about the game be the end : you can not go back and free-play after the grand finale . -lrb- I be hope to return to the cute little village and make Link & Zelda `` create '' little sword-and-shield-yielding baby ! ; -rrb- ha ! -rrb- unfortunately , this kind of end be typical of Zelda game . why oh why ???
Video_Games	POS	5	I have have this for six year , and I still love it . the cool thing be , if the object selection do not have what you be look for , you can take another object , and use it for what you need . for instance , the moon , if you change the color , you get a ball . or the cloud can be bathtub bubble . you can stack four driedel on top of each other to make a tie . and if you do not find what you want in the background , you can build you own room design by go to ` decor ' and get the wall and floor . you can add furniture , or people , or animal , there be a lot you can do . here be the category in object : adult animal Decor Kids make-believe animal Nature Shelters Storybook people thing Vehicles
Video_Games	POS	4	this game take place between the first and second prince of Persia of the Sands of time trilogy , the game be a little to short -lrb- 10 hour maybe -rrb- and the combat be not that great , but still i have a lot of fun play it , the platform be great and fun , and the visual be amazing . there be a challenge Mode and Free DLC available for UPlay member -lrb- Register to Uplay be free and you a able to get DLC and award for Ubisoft Games like Assassins creed 2 and Splinter Cell conviction -rrb- . this be the first Prince of Persia I have play , and it be very satisfying , i have replay it a couple of time to unlock all achievement and award .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I regret have ever buy this game it be AWFUL and I want MY MONEY back . that be say , amazon ship my order hellum fast . five star for you , amazon warehouse worker .
Video_Games	POS	4	for anyone who own a n64 during the mid 90 's , ask they to name one game they play on it and they will say Goldeneye . the title alone bring first person shooter to the console and player ever could jump in and play . fast forward to the year 2009 where Activision make the announcement that they be make a remake to the classic n64 shooter ; some gamer rejoice while other be a bit cautious . it cause quite a debate between those who love the game as it be and those who be ready to see how it would turn out . the remake be release on the Nintendo Wii in 2010 and overall , it be a good remake and worth check out for anyone who be currently into play first person shooter and\/or love the original title . Goldeneye 007 be the remake to the n64 title make back in 1997 by rare base on the James Bond movie of the same name . in the main single player mode , you control James Bond in several stage where you must complete certain objective , rescue hostage and make it all the way to stop the main villain from use a satellite to destroy the world . then there be the multiplayer mode comprise of two part : local multiplayer where up to 4 player play against each other and online multiplayer where up to 8 player can shoot it out against each other or in team during each match . both mode offer different match scenario and a sizable chunk of option include time limit , weapon , handicap setting and stage . online multiplayer also offer player the chance to earn experience point to increase you rank , overall score and the ability to unlock different weapon , gadget , special attribute while online achievement also reward you with experience point . Controls be a big focus here as you be able to control turn speed -lrb- leave to right , up and down -rrb- , customize you button -lrb- or select preset configuration -rrb- , music & sound volume and what kind of controller you can use -lrb- Wii Remote w \/ Nunchuk , Gamecube controller and classic\/classic pro controller be all support . -rrb- if you use the Wii Remote , the customization ability go even further . since this be a big game to cover , I will give my pro and con for the single player mode , local multiplayer and online multiplayer . single player mode this be a remake and that mean there be some change make between the classic shooter and the modern version . First off , not all the original character be represent here -lrb- Pierce Brosnan be replace by Daniel Craig , the nerdy russian programmer , gadget master `` Q '' and Moneypenny be go and with the exception of `` m '' , all of the remain character look different . second , part of the story have be change with some scene entirely take off . lastly , it be set in modern time so it have a more current of event type of feel to it . the pro : Eurocom and Activision do a great job in bring this game to the modern era of video game . the graphic , presentation and overall feel like you be right in the middle of the action . the sound and music be top notch while the control be easy to customize and learn no matter what kind of controller you use -lrb- by the way , use the Wii Remote and Nunchuk be the best way to experience this game , in my opinion . -rrb- everything from the location , the character , the game mechanic and option be faithfully recreate as if you be play the original Goldeneye . the difficulty level from the original game be here as well as the number of objective you have to complete : the higher the difficulty , the more objective you must complete . level be long , detailed and they all have save point scatter so you can always take a break and come back to where you leave off . quick time event be mix into the action and do not feel like it be a afterthought at all . the cut scene be well do and never overstay its welcome unlike from other game . the con : if you be a die hard fan of the original and prefer to keep the original as be , then this game be not for you as there be change make here and there . again , this come down to whether you can play through a remake of one of you favorite game and not complain about the change you see . the only complaint I can say here be while the graphic be as good as they get , I can imagine some people say it belong on the PS3 or Xbox 360 and that be just ridiculous . it will not look as good if it come out on the other console , but it be still a good effort . local MULTIPLAYER & ONLINE MULTIPLAYER the pro : if you option , you get they . the original title be know for its multiplayer mode and the remake do not disappoint . everything that be part of the multiplayer from the classic title make it here , complete with update graphic , sound , music and controller customization . up to 4 player can shoot it out and it feel like the good old day . so if you get friend , try out the local multiplayer . as for online multiplayer , only one person be allow on each Wii to go online . online multiplayer be completely different but just as fun . connect online be easy and when you create a profile , you can see how many achievement you earn , you rank & score , you friend list and set up different weapon profile setup -lrb- up to 5 -rrb- and select they on the fly . as you rank up and get better , you be reward with better weapon , useful gadget and special attribute . all of the weapon you use have they own achievement award and the more you use they , the more effective they become . with different match happen under various scenario , you will not have a problem jump into a game . exchange friend code be useful since you can join you friend ' match whenever they be online . the con : local multiplayer be just that which mean you do not earn point and unlock achievement . online multiplayer be not perfect for a few reason . First off , expect to see hacker and funny activity so if you do not want to deal with that , just leave the match you be play in and get into another one . second , sometimes match be interrupted if the host of the match lose his\/her connection or leave the match entirely . there will be a time when , for whatever reason , you lose you connection and return to the lobby to choose another match to get into . thirdly , you have to adjust you control and button prior to log online . if you do not like how it control , you 'll have to log out entirely and get to the option screen to make you change . lastly , when you first start out , it will be hard for you since you 'll be up against player that be more experienced . tough it out , get as many experience point as you can and you will get better as time pass and it will be fun . the game for the most part turn out for the most part to be a success . it be worthy of the Goldeneye name and be worth check out whether by yourself , with friend or go online to play with\/against other .
Video_Games	NEG	1	by the time you read this you will have read other review and know that you can not play Civ 5 without a steam account and use a internet connection . go be the simple day where you could pop in a cd on you laptop and play civilization . to play Civ 5 you have to create a steam account include give they personal information . every time you log into steam to get to Civ 5 you have to endure advertisement for they various game they wish to sell . when you start Civ 5 , you have to endure the same opening video until you esc . function override several minute into the video . then the game will load ... usually about a five minute delay before you can get back to a save game . lately , the steam server have be unreliable and seem unable to handle the datum transfer for a huge game setup . the game stop mid turn and give you a obvious statement that a error have occur . if you have not save , all you move be lose . it be clear that Firaxis and steam havent work out all the bug yet . they have my money now , but my recommendation be not to spend yours . this be a good attempt that have result in a classic failure .
Video_Games	NEU	3	pro , it be a great product by Microsoft . the sensor be amazing . however , it might not be suitable for small apartment . and also xbox do not play blueray
Video_Games	NEG	1	after play for a couple hour I begin to tell some friend how awesome the game be ... three hour later I have to call they all back to tell they how terrible it be . the rest of the review here be 100 % accurate . the game have absolutely no replay value ... I would go as far to say the most fun part of the game be the cell stage . f for effort !
Video_Games	POS	5	thanks for make my dream come true . I do really want to by Wii for last 6 year . but in Ukraine it be so expensive and there be no way to by any accessory for reasonable price . get some trouble when adjust Wii to my region and PAL Television format . but now all work great , picture be color and I be happy . thanks .
Video_Games	POS	5	the game be fun and creative . it be the best game I have ever play . also I save 50 % money with this bundle . so wonderful !
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be go to buy until I find out about DRM . another $ 50.00 bite the dust ea . enjoy you game
Video_Games	NEG	1	First of all : I be a huge cod fan . I play they all since the first one . I will keep it short . graphic : look like I be play n64 . -lrb- I have a 65 '' 1080p tv -rrb- sound : be horrible . gun sound like bb gun . there be no directional sound at all . I have a 5.1 surround theater , and 7.1 headphone . you can not tell direction at all . someone can be shooting right next to I , and it sound like they be on the other end of the map . explosion sound like baloon pop . and you can not hear anyone 's footstep . everyone get the NINJA perk automatically ! Yay ... Treyarch you fail . on top of that , lag , framerate issue , party system totally broken ... I be off to sell my copy on ebay . Rent before you buy this pile of Treyarch crap . shame on you , Activision .
Video_Games	POS	5	when the first gta come out , I be hook into it . it be like steal the car to sell . then come the gta2 , I be amaze of the gaming system . it be about a guy get job from Mafias earn reputation and cash . now gta3 be more well do game . it be turn from 2d to 3d platform . the story line of the game be well make too .  gta : Vice City be the best game that rockstar game have make . it fuilfill the dream of ride on motorcycle and even shoot with mp5 during ride on motorcycle . there be many and many mission to do too . U even can buy you own house or building to save or to earn money . it be a die die must buy game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this be the first and will be the last securom product I 'll ever buy . the game start off good enough , but eventually just become tedious and pointless . give it to the local thrift shop while there be still a activation or two leave . I 'll include a note that the drm stuff will soon make it worthless . Might be worth pay a buck for .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be great ! my mom do not care for it but you could do anything you want like cast spell , buy item , travel to diffrent place -lrb- which be awesome cuz you get a huge map ! -rrb- kill people , eat food , join guild , make friend , choose and create you own charcter from diffrent race , and more ! I would consider buy this game if you do not have it -lrb- but i would recommend the game of the year edtion because it have expansion pack not say this one be bad or anything but the other one have more place and no more blurry road -rrb- but mine keep freezing so i have to save frequently but i just think its either my game disc or my xbox .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a nice system , and I be sure it will be great for some people , but I end up buy a hard drive for it within a week . I have buy Dragon Age Ultimate Edition with the system , and I could not install any of the additional content with the machine as be .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be just about to open my copy of Dragon 's Dogma , which I have pre-order some week back , when I see news that Capcom admit that this game have on-disc dlc . I know I be take a gamble when pre-order this game , since this be Capcom we be talk about . but since this be a rpg and not a fighting game I think it be worth the risk . well , guess I be wrong . sorry , Capcom . I , as a responsible consumer , refuse to support such unethical business practice . I shall be return my copy to Amazon ASAP .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be first disappointed because I have really high expectation and after my first workout I be already have the issue with the workout not register . well , after work out a handful of time , I do not have any of the issue any more . here be my advice before you get frustrated and start berate the game : - make sure the arm band be on the right direction -lrb- it do not work well upside down -rrb- . - make sure the sensor be face correctly : the leg face forward , and the arm face outward . - make sure the arm sensor be not behind you arm . - find the most responsive distance from the television ... mine work best when I be about 5-8 foot from it . - hold the wiimote when you be do band exercise . - use good form . after do the exercise a few time , you 'll know the best form . I never think I could have this much fun work out in my living room . I start yell and cuss when I have to do a lot of jump squat right after the linebacker challenge -lrb- right after lunge haha -rrb- ... this be a real workout . I love sport and I love football , so I guess I be bias toward the game . but now it be really easy to burn 250 calorie in 30 minute and mix strenth training in . I combine this with lifting weight in my garage right afterwards , and I be get in way better shape than when I use to just run and lift . go ea !
Video_Games	POS	5	this cable be just what I need for my college dorm . I have both a xbox 360 and a computer and be able to use my computer monitor for my xbox save I a lot of money . the cable work great , it come with the plugin for I to plug it into my computer speaker and now I have a great picture with great sound thanks to the vga cable !
Video_Games	POS	5	I have own and play black op , modern warfare 2 , and previous version of the game . this game be awesome . the graphic put call of duty to shame . the physics and kill streak be more realistic . no lag because there be no host you be depend on . love it ! if you like the arcade feel of first person shooter than stick with cod . if you want something more realistic with awesome graphic and smooth play this be the game for you .
Video_Games	POS	5	Llego en el tiempo establecido sin problema , lo recomiendo . ha sido una buena experiencia en cuanto a la compra de refiere .
Video_Games	POS	5	the PSP be limit by have only one analog stick , and psp user know when play FPS game it become so frustrating . this game instead be a third person shooter , basically overhead , and the creator make this game as fun as it could be on the psp . you aim and shoot with the analog , you get grenade , a lot of weapon , after mission you be reward base on you performance and uncover of veteran money , basically you use this to buy more cool weapon . there be plenty of weapon , feature , mission and they include a update to bring another act with several mission as a free bonus , plus they include a update for free online play . a great package and a great psp game with a entertaining story line , fun game play and rich graphic .
Video_Games	POS	5	Ok , I get this game @ 10am yesterday @ work b\/c pre-order it and honestly , I be not expect it to arrive until this morning . all I can say be WOW !!!! I have play this game a estimate 6 hour since I have have it and it be by far one of the best game ever , on ANY console . the storyline pick up where it leave off form halo 2 and the action be non-stop from there . the graphic be stupendous and the fact that you have much better weapon make it a huge plus . I have not try play the game online but I will soon . you barely have time to blink b\/c the enemy be come at you w\/such speed and ferociousness . I be not expect this and I be very satisfied w\/my purchase . I see other gamer say that this game be not as great as whatever , but each game be MADE to be different !!! stop try so hard to compare it to other title on this system and other system thing and take it for what it be , a awesome fp . I be sorry , I do not think the market for fp ' would fare too well if each and every fp be like the rest .
Video_Games	POS	5	some of the best star war game in one set . it just need KOTOR 2 and maybe the Lego Star Wars but , a over all good vaule at 40 buck or less .
Video_Games	POS	5	First off , I want to get across to everyone that I have play pc game since I be 7 year old and I have experience some of the best game of we time , but this game be easily in the top 3 of my all time favorite pc game -lrb- 1 . world of Warcraft 2 . Skyrim 3 . age of Empires\/Heroes Might and Magic 3 -rrb- Bethesda do a amazing job with this game . the game play be incredible and there be so much to do in the world of Skyrim . I 'll warn you right now it be very overwhelming at first but as you get use to the style of game its very well create . there be one minor problem with the game and that would have to be the very , very minor glitch in the game , they be hope to come out with a dlc -lrb- expansion pack -rrb- to fix they but for now you just have to deal with they . when you buy the game you will understand but for the most part this game be 4.8 \/ 5 easy ! if you be debate whether to drop the $ 60 or pass , all I can say be you will be miss out on the biggest pc adventure in you life . just buy it , trust I , you will thank I ! P.S. . when you buy this game always remember , keep save your game , even if it be just turn a corner in a dungeon !!!! save time , save life . : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	the puzzle be fun to work on , the multi-player mode be really slick and it be so much fun try to figure out how to beat each level . and if that be not enough there be the single player mode . which be a very well develop storyline that you go though . with ton of great voice act that really make it come alive , as well as they attention to detail , often if you wonder to the edge of the map and look off at a odd angle in most game thing just look fuzy like you stare off into space , or thing will look more paint when look further past the main area . but such be not the case here . there be a lot of detail put into every part . it really do bring home the feeling of be in such a place also i love how they also make it seem a few time like you have just about get to the end then thing get change up again , and there be a whole new set of plot to work out . while the whole time have a interesting and challenging set of puzzle to work though that be not just tweak rehash of what you do before but have enough new change to keep you have to think about what to do next .
Video_Games	POS	4	the good : AAA Genesis title , perfect emulation , save anywhere feature make play more fun and easier , wireless be great , addition of info and hint be interesting and helpful the Bad : Games do not have any upgrade , a few dud the Genesis be the first system I ever own or play so these title and compilation be right up my alley . with the best Genesis ever make in one game be great . Games from Sonic the hedgehog 2 to Ristar to Vectorman . what be best about this be not just the game but the layout and feature . most game feature wireless multiplayer and the ability to swap score . also , each game have a museum feature to view box shot , hint , info , and thing about these game you never know . the menu be nice and easy and loading be almost non existent . the best part about this be the save anywhere feature . you save in a spot you load in that spot ... as easy as that . there be no upgrade to the game at all which be a bit of a disappointment since there be many problem with the game . other than that pick this up and you will love it !
Video_Games	POS	5	if you have a clue loving , mystery solve family then this be the game for you ! I play it with my 3 child -lrb- age 11,8,6 -rrb- it make we work together and THINK ! put you deductive reasoning and logic skill to the test with three level to choose from -lrb- rookie to expert -rrb- it be a nice change from the more mindless activity of most video game without fall into a educational game category which send kid run !
Video_Games	NEU	3	its a good game , but its nothing like the ps2 version . first of all there no online multiplayer , that the only reason i get it . and also it be miss alot of the level from the original version . finally the layout of the psp make it awkward and difficult to aim .
Video_Games	POS	5	with instant download of Microsoft point for the xbox 360 , it be convenient , fast and I never have to leave the house to get they .
Video_Games	POS	5	give I just the space I need to play in my small apt . I be stand at , -lrb- practically on -rrb- my couch before it would notice I . after install I get to stand in the middle of my living room when it find I . so yeah , good buy
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a great game for the price , I do admit the 3d graphic be not all that , but it be a great game to play . I like the download play feature , my friend who also have a 3d , can select the `` Download Play '' icon on he 3d 's home screen and he can download a steel diver minus game and he can play with I . it be so much fun !!!! Gameplay be great in my opinion !
Video_Games	POS	5	I be very happy because everything wa great , thanks a lot ! I recomend you for everyone , i hoppe i can buy with you guy again !
Video_Games	NEU	3	get the old white and gray one not in original packaging . not go to make a big fuss over it because i pay less than half the price I would have pay at a store and it be new .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a little late create this review -lrb- purchase a black ds3 , back in April of 2009 -rrb- , but at least I can comment on its long-term durability . this controller do feel lighter than the ds3 that be include with my chechk01 80gb PS3 from December 2008 . however , it be not fall apart -lrb- Read : No abnormal wear & tear -rrb- or anything after 2 year of almost continuous usage by family and friend . I wish I could comment more on it but what can I say ? it be a controller , it do what it be suppose to . : -rrb- note to future buyer : it would probably be best if you just purchase this controller directly from Amazon -lrb- ie : ship and sell by Amazon -rrb- or at least one of the more reputable Third-Party Sellers that have great feedback over hundred if not thousand of transaction under they belt . there have definitely be a uptick in counterfeit\/faux\/fake controller sell by some seller here and on other site . please be cautious and try not to fall for they trickery of price that be ` too good to be true ' .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you have get a Wii , then this be a necessity . enhance almost all of the Wii game .
Video_Games	POS	4	I get this game after purchase and become adicted to Pharoah . c iii be as fun as pharoah . however , you must be a little more careful about fire and the colapse of building in c-iii .  game be very similar to Pharoah of course , but do not matter . the graphic be good and the quality of game play be also just as good .  the scenario be not nearly as difficult as ol Pharoah , but still I enjoy this game very much .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I would have simply return the two fake Wii Remotes I receive , but they be Christmas gift from a relative who do not provide I a receipt . that say , he purchase two white remote from Amazon that be probably fill by a vendor -lrb- sell by ____ and fulfil by Amazon -rrb- . the remote be very good fake . I go on several site try to determine if they be , and do not know at first . the giveaway ? terrible speaker on the phone ; second , the Wii MotionPlus barely work . then , one of they just quit work all together . another giveaway be the model number on the heel of the remote . also , the graphic on the bottom side be inaccurate . I be able to compare these after go to a brick and mortar store and buy one . so now , I have two worthless piece of junk that my family member pay full price for . thanks Amazon ! check you vendor out more !
Video_Games	POS	5	we buy the d Lite for my 8 yr old son for christmas but we have so many game that we have play on there . good graphic and good size , I recommend this for anyone 8 and over .
Video_Games	POS	5	great game . graphic : the graphic have greatly improve since the original Halo . the bump-mapping have do a great deal for the game . throw a plasma grenade on the ground and watch the lighting effect . 10\/10 SOUND : I love the sound in this game , great music , and great sound effect . my only complaint be that the warthog sound less `` scary '' and the smg sound more like fully-auto cap gun instead of real gun . but other than that the sound be great . 9.7 \/ 10 gameplay : fun ! I love the new addition of dual weilding . I also like the way that you can board and enemy vehicle . these be just a couple of the many thing that have greatly add to the already fun gameplay of HALO . 10\/10 story -lrb- no spoiler -rrb- : good story . there have be many complaint about the end ... but I think the story be very immersive . I love it . although the end be slightly dissapointing . 9.8 \/ 10 MULTIPLAYER : in Halo this be one of the main attraction . in Halo 2 multiplayer could have make a game . its incredibly fun and addicting . now with the new addition of live you can play with new or old friend while on completely different continent . Multiplayer be what help make this game what it be ... a great game . 10\/10 VALUE : Definatly a game that will keep you occupy for year . 10\/10 OVERALL : Halo 2 leave I completely breathless ... well , it leave I with enough breath to say `` damn ! '' score :9.9
Video_Games	NEG	1	this seem to be a decent headset at first with only minor audio glitch occasionally . however I wind up go through battery every 4 or 5 gaming session which be just far too often and wasteful if you be too lazy to manage rechargeable . on top of that it be not turn on at all , after only a couple month of casual use . incase anyone know how to fix it it will not turn on but the battery heat up a lot
Video_Games	POS	5	let I preface this with I have be a Sims player since its origional incarnation with Maxis . since ea take over I have be sorely disapoint . the relevance here be I be by no mean a ea fan . origionally I want to get Wii Fit Plus , but do not have the 90 $ for for the board and everything . my daughter and I enjoy play the Sports game that come with the Wii . however , I buy the Wii for its exercise aspect and the Sports game be not cut it for I . so , I look around and decide to try ea Sports active : more workout . the Wii board be optional , but I do reccomend get the ea active accessory pack if you do not have the leg band . I have be pleasantly surprise . the control be very well design and easy to use . I really like that for the sport activity -lrb- i.e. water skiing -rrb- there be a video tutorial with a real person go through how to use the wii-mote and engage in the activity . the second time through it give you a option to review the tutorial or go right into the activity . which be nice since you ar not stick wait for the tutorial to finish . also , the next time you do the workout you can view the tutorial or skip it . if like I , you have physiological issue which make some activite difficult or impossible you can skip they without some kind of ` penalty ' . you can create you own workout or select one of a wide variety of preset workout to do . now , I mention my daughter . she turn six in March . the video tutorial be super helpful for she . she be able to participate with minimual fustration at learn the wii-mote and how to engage in the sport activity . she thuroughly enjoy the island workout we do . anybody with a younger child know how difficult it can be keep they actively engage . the island workout combine exercise technique and a variety of sport in a way that keep she interested for the entire 35 minute we work out . we both like the journal and its various atribute . specifically she like watch the graph populate and be tickle to get a trophy . I like the calander and its customizability . when we finish we initial workout my daughter look at I and say ` Mommy , can we do another one ? ' I would definately reccomend this product to anyone look for a exercise game for thier Wii , whether it be for themselves or as a family activity . as a matter of fact , I already have reccomend it , lol . I be tell my best friend about it and she ask I where I get it and to e-mail she the link !
Video_Games	POS	5	I realy love this series year ago and I still do ! they havent make anything that I be aware of that come close to these history base game . I will say that the other reviewer mention the xp mode on seven . I have seven and its the Home Premium and it do not have that option . I have find that if you change the setting on you display and disable explorer it seem to work ok . but the compatability mode suck ! color be off as it say . I wish they would make a seven friendly version ! so buyer beware no window seven for THESE GAMES IT look terrible ! other than that grab you xp machine , you internet connection , and you friend and have a all day marathon buildin ' and killin ' !!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I would say this look good ; it seem to be add a firework show feautre , and a major game downfall be no show outside of the cinema . it should be good .
Video_Games	POS	4	as a electronically inclined college student who do review for store that sell this console , own one , and can actually afford to keep it interesting , I can tell you this much . the ps2 be a very advanced -lrb- consumer wise -rrb- gaming system that can keep the right person amuse for several hour . it do a little more than the other gaming system -lrb- for instance , it be dvd ready , play the game of it be predecessor , have both exensive brand name and not so expensive generic addition , and have a bigger and possibly better reputation -rrb- .  it also tend to get costly , as do the other system . my point here be that while you can certainly just buy one of these system -lrb- ps2 , gamecube , xbox ... or even the new gameboy -rrb- you should make note of the other option . for example : most of these system will run for about the same amount . however , there be downside .  the ps2 be dvd ready and the game ... well , there be more than you can shake a stick at . and if you buy they at the right time the price do not allow for buyer 's remorse . in this particular case I would have to say that if you have play with the original playstation and still have the game then the system be worth the cost .  however Nintendo fan should know that the Gamecube have the right competative edge to go up against the ps2 . it be light , the game be on minidisc , the graphic be plenty better than the n64 , and the controller be pretty much a game player dream come true . yet the game be slightly limited and still a bit expensive .  as for the xbox , I do not know all that much . I think I get too tired of microsoft computer game to bother purchase a separate console to play with . it be dvd ready like the ps2 . it have internal memory and networking capability and like I say I be a electronics kinda person . I just find it strange that I can buy a computer game for say $ 40 or I can purchase a gaome console for the same price that I pay for the ps2 and then go buy the game for that instead .  as a odd little end note : I think that the Xbox 's controller be a tad awkward . it be rather like a morph version of a ps2 and Gamecube controller . after say 25 minute of play a game on it you hand might start to feel quite exhaust . the reason may have something to do with the overall shape . like I say ... morph version .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I have play many hour of Skyrim now over the last 2 and a half week . the game be fine for most of that time , until today when it just crash every time I attempt to save , or the game attempt to autosave as in fast travels or when enter different area . I really dislike the fact that I be force to install Steam and add some sort of online content , or `` update '' that be most likely to blame for my current situation with the game . I be run it with a few of the available mod , nothing that cause this problem I be certain . it have to be some update or something that I have no control over . at this point I can not continue the game , it be finish . so I be face with the question , . . do I return it for a refund ?? , ... do I uninstall it and try to start over , this time block any update that simply ruin the game ? I really wish this be just a old-fashioned stand alone game , without the online content steam crap . a game that I simply install on the drive of my choice and play . this could have be a great game , if it be actually playable to the end . my recommendation , ... DO not buy it now , wait until it be fix and actually playable to the end , maybe in a year or so ?
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great alternative to buy prepaid card in store . you can get they whenever you want too ! great product !
Video_Games	POS	4	as always , if you cross animal thay end up in mutant form . once my cousin , who go by the name Timmo wqa experiment with whale and shrew , which give the outcome of a whaleshrew , surprizingly . he have run this several time , only to come out with shrew whale and shrewdolphin . whale shrew be rare and not surprizingly , they seem to be so shy , that they eat they food when itt indigestable , durable by scientific theory . excite we be by this new discovery . not only do we successfully determine the ph level of the sand of the Gobi desert , but we correctly calculate the distance from the south quadrantable of the east weather station . everything be in perfect order . it seem so good that what we do next seem sedimentay . the giraffe be undeterminently under water undiscovered by all prievious stevenson 's member . we story even make it into a scientific study magazine . that be all . if you would like , you can buy we book , `` Into the shallow water of ancient fishing village '' . Order today !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	simply put , do not get a memory card for you gc unless it be Nintendo brand . how many time have I have memory card constantly become corrupted and have file mysteriously disappear ? but this have never happen with the first party brand . there really be no other choice . buy first party memory card , or do not buy they at all .
Video_Games	POS	5	every Wii owner should own at LEAST one of these . I beat have to buy Wii motion plus attachment for every controller you buy , and they do not get extra long and heavy\/stupid look . the speaker work great and be very loud if you need it to be . consider a vast amount of great game use motion plus , like skyward sword and Wii Sports Resort , this be a must have .
Video_Games	NEG	1	pc version lock up at about 80 % of mission completion . no fix and no response from the publisher . once you have spend the money , you be stick with it .
Video_Games	POS	5	note - I be post my review on both product page of this game since Amazon have it list on two separate page . after demo some of the other Mystery Case Files game , and find out that they be search-and-find game , slightly like I spy , I decide that they be not really for I . but after hear that this game have slightly more of a adventure game feel to it , I decide to buy it and give it a go . this be be breakdown of the game : Story - you be drive in you car when a snowstorm keep you from go on . you get out to try to find a phone , but instead you find a abandon car with a VHS in it . you watch the VHS and see a terrify girl try to escape something . you set out to find this girl and see if she can help you , but you discover a much more sinister mystery while look for she ... Gameplay - The gameplay be so unique in this game , and it be SO fun . most of the time , it be a third person adventure game that have you go around solve puzzle , collect item , and use these item to interact with other item . however , there be also search-and-find scene throughout the game that have you find 12 object in a picture -lrb- no time limit -rrb- and keep one of those item to put in you inventory . there be quite a few of these , make the game a great mixture of both style of game . and there be even a few horror element in the game , too , as there be a few pop-out that may startle you , but they probably will not give you nightmare . as a final note , there be also more VHS tape to find and collect throughout the game that help the story move along , and this be a nice part of the gameplay . Graphics - The graphic for the most part be really well do . they be kind of a realistic\/cartoon\/3d fusion , which sound really weird , but let I just say that be be awesome to look at . the VHS tape , however , be act out by real people , and this be not really part of graphic , but it be a great part of the game . the video be chill , and the actor act out the story so well ; it be almost like watch a movie . sound - the sound be chill . you might hear a footstep behind you , or a whisper , and they be very good indeed . the music be very enjoyable to listen to . it be tense , sad , and spooky all at the same time . there be not really voice act except for the actor in the VHS tape , and like I say , that be wonderful . fun - this game get addicting more towards the middle , but the beginning be definitely not a disappointment . the fact that it be a combination of hidden object casual gaming and mysterious adventure gaming make it a extremely interesting and fun game . replay factor - there be definitely replay value in this game as the hidden object in this game be constantly change , so each time you play the game again , you have new object to find . the story be interesting enough to play again , as well . overall , this be one of the best game I have ever play due to the fact of the fusion of style that this game have . it be definitely worth a try even if you have not be a fan of the earlier mcf game , and I highly recommend this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game so copy off of nintendog . it make I angry !!!! I be sure it be a fun game put they be try to copy nintendog ! but i be sure they make it for people who cant have a nintendo ds but still , it make I mad . sure u can be a character and see yourself in it but in nintendog , its a real person with the dog , you
Video_Games	POS	5	cool game with fun combat . you control which direction you swing\/block in by move the mouse . you can play single player and raise a army , or multiplayer and test you medieval combat skill against other . Multiplayer game in this can get large , large public game be around 100 people . I have be in some private one where you march in formation and fight with musket with 250 player . generally you either play siege , one team attack , and one defend a castle , both team 's player respawn on death . or you play battle , which be you bread and butter one life per round team combat . even once you be tire of `` native '' there be lot of mod to choose from that will change the game , and give it a new breath of life .
Video_Games	NEG	1	first of all the device I get be not the genuine product it be some chinese knock off which do not even work . the mere fact that it will cost I more than the value of the device to send it back be a damn shame ill know better next time
Video_Games	POS	5	call of duty for the psp it be as good as the other plataform of this game it be great in graphic and sound .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have 13 nd game , and this one be the best !! this one be full of surprise and adventure . also , it be not to easy or hard . and even though you get stick at time , you 'll always find a way out . this game sure beat hunting for clam in Danger on Deception Island and look for jewel in the haunt carousel
Video_Games	NEU	3	the program , for what it actually be design to do be easy to use and fun as a toy . I may look into get a microphone for my kid to play around with , as I be now stick with the software . the advertisement , however , state user could edit they `` own unique song '' . I take this to mean I could use music I already own on CD 's , which be what I need . this program will not allow the user to import anything . the `` song '' create with this program be mostly percussion .
Video_Games	POS	5	there isnt much I can really say about this series that hasnt be say to death but ill be the first to tell you , they be right . the sheer scope and size of the game and its contents be just mind blow with ton of thing to do while you be not try to finish the story . . you could easily put 30 hour into the main story and a amazing number of side mission and minus game to do , and the new social system be great as well which allow you to `` hang out '' with certain character from the story which can benefit you as the story progress depend on who be cool with you and who hate you Main game 5 out of 5 . lose and damned Ill admit im nowhere near finish with it but imagine they take regular gta4 , give you new interior location , new character , car , and even radio station then throw in the attitude and kick arseness of son of Anarchy and you have L&D; . and last but I assume not least be the ballad of gay Tony , havent even touch this one yet and ill be honest with the pure length of the main game + l&d; it might be a while before I get to tony . . all in all its a solid production where Rockstar didnt cut any corner at all , top notch voice act , well think out minus game that dont feel like a grind , i could go on and on about the great stuff in this game but I wont however , I do have one last bit of information . it have multiplayer with up to 16 in some of the most insane action and chase outside of a Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer film , wanna know more quit be cheap and buy this package , i pay 20 for it last month and I wouldnt be unhappy if I pay a full 59.99 +1
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be good on everything except the campaign which suck like hell . the real problem be multiplayer . I be not say it be not fun , it just that it be too laggy , and most improtantly it keep stop work or disconnect fromt he match when I be get a good kill streak . and it very frustrating to find that when i double check the area to see if there be anybody i dont see any and i go ahead and reload next thing i know be some guy magically appear in front of I ... I be dead . dice say they fix it the lag problem but i still have a lot of lag from a server of my friend ...
Video_Games	POS	4	I think this game be pretty fun . I buy the xbox version . there have be a couple of hang up in game play , and sometimes you character can get stick in place . it be not perfect , but there be a lot of quest and you can do side thing like alchemy , metal-smithing , etc. . the fighting be not as sensitive as other game of the same genre , but it be not bad . hint : save the game after you make you character -lrb- or be I the only person that have to re-make my character cos I do not save she first ?? -rrb- . and save often - you will not like how far back you have to go w the auto-save sometimes .
Video_Games	POS	5	seriously , people , if you have a irrational hate for steam or be too dumb to use it properly - why do you keep buy the game base on it ? the information about this game use Steamworks be available long before , anybody willing could research it easily before buy this game . why do you have to show you own stupidity\/laziness by announce that you find out about this game 's Steamworks usage only AFTER buy this game ? for the record , I have be use Steam service since it be beta stage , on multiple pc -lrb- both windows-based and macos-based -rrb- , I have close to 200 title purchase through it , and I have never , ever have experience any kind of issue when use it almost every day , same go for 100 's of 1000 's of other user . have you ever give a slightest thought that if majority of people be use this service successfully that the problem that you be have be cause by the `` thing '' located between the chair and the keyboard , and not the valve software ? and before you try to critique steam further - guess what ? buy this particular game directly through steam be the only way to ensure that the game you be buy be not tamper with and you would get exactly what be advertise before the actual sale . not like with Amazon 's physical copy of `` augmented edition '' pc version of this game , where they be advertise of have a `` bonus code '' for `` Tactical Pack '' , but do not actually include any of such code -lrb- read up the product discussion board for this particular version of the game -rrb- , or like with GameStop 's physical copy of this game , which be tamper with by GameStop -lrb- Google it , the GameStop have officially admit that they intentionally remove a certain `` bonus code '' from the box of this game before reseal the box and sell they as `` new '' to all the customer -rrb- . because of such issue , this -lrb- hopefully -rrb- will be the last game I 'll ever purchase in physical form , all of my future game will be purchase through digital distribution service , be it either Steam , ea 's origin or something else . as for the game itself , so far I like it -lrb- and I really , REALLY love the original Deus ex and absolutely hate the sequel and other game that attempt the emulate the same experience\/gameplay type -rrb- . I would say it be still not as immersing as the original `` Deus ex '' , but it be a very faithful reproduction of it -lrb- the best one so far -rrb- when it come to write storyline , environment design , sound design and other various gameplay element -lrb- such as inventory system , the HUD , the weapon system , the `` alternative level progression path '' and so on -rrb- and a very `` polish '' -lrb- in term of the game 's stability\/performance\/bugs issue -rrb- overall product . exclude the issue with the `` bonus code '' I would say it be well worth its price . for people who also like this game , especially for its storyline\/settings , I would also recommend read the related fiction book , `` Deus ex : Icarus effect '' , which storyline happen in the same `` universe '' , start a little bit earlier in timeline than this game and involve different `` main character '' , though also include the one that you 'll see\/meet in this game -lrb- for example all of the mercenary character that participate in the initial attack on Sarif Industries lab -rrb- .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game look soooooooooooooooo cool . i want it badly but it be for xbox . please they should make it for ps2
Video_Games	POS	5	buy this for my 3-year old who be a sonic fan and he love it . the include game be good , the quality of the unit be fine and the implementation be do as well as can be expect . the emulation do deliver lower sound quality , but it be a fair trade-off for smooth performance and good battery life .
Video_Games	NEG	1	after 4 hour of update my PS3 I get from Amazon , and then update and install update for this simple stupid game , I have 6 hour into it , -- it do not work ... waste my whole Christmas Day . . I just want a game deck with good graphic and to play a simple racing game with my wife . . do not buy this game !! I hate this on-line gaming crap , I just want to race a cool car and pass a few hour away . . not get into on-line sign-up , community , stats , and give my family history to a bunch of a \*\* hole !
Video_Games	POS	5	the PS3 be a great system . I get the item fast through amazon , package nicely , and use the PS3 almost everyday .
Video_Games	NEG	1	all the problem people have with the DRM on Mass effect apparently do not teach ea a lesson , and they deserve this now . with a limit of 3 install , which you do not get back for uninstall . imagine if a patch go wrong and you have to reinstall . you get a new hard drive and reinstall . then you decide you computer be too slow , so you upgrade you system , and you go to reinstall ... and discover you be go to have to call ea and beg , and if you get through the long hold time and computer-controlled phone menu , they might relent and let you play the game you pay for . but maybe not . this have already happen to people who play Mass effect , which have the same system . Guy install , try to play ; get on-screen artifact , so he reinstall xp . problem not help , so he replace he video card - trigger activation # 3 . he finish it , uninstalled to save space , but get the bug to play again a couple week later . reinstall , and get this message : `` the game can not start . for security reason , only a limited number of machine can ever be license by a single purchase . this limit have be reach . please purchase another registration code , reinstall , and then try again . '' purchase another registration code ? how about when I buy something , I get to decide when and how I use it , and not you ? thanks , but no thanks . no way , no how , no crippling DRM .
Video_Games	POS	5	the move component fit securely , work perfectly , and the ss itself seem very durable . a little dismayed that hardly any instruction be include , but after try it out on kz3 , it seem like every time I be think `` it would have be better if they put a button for this right here '' , and then press that button , they already have . admittedly , instruction that tell you where each hard button map to would have be nice , but since these be configurable from within the game software , I see why they be not . if there be anything that would improve the ss , it would be a usb input so you could charge the controller in the gun . take they out to recharge be a nuisance . have say that , I would not be surprise if there be one and I just have not find it yet , but that go back to the lack of instruction I suppose . for support shooter game , I can not think of any other way to improve on this product . it fit nearly anyone from 6 - 60 , 3 foot 30 pounder to 6 foot 200 + , be intuitive to use and appear to be build to last . a add bonus be what look like a mount rail on the top for future optics upgrade . eventually , I foresee one of my boy paint it in a camo pattern , but it be form\/function perfect right out of the box . now once Sony correct the move controller drift issue , I may even be able to win a round in kz3 once in a while .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be a great game and you get 2 cd , 4 game in all . its like the movie you search for clue . there be 3 level which make it more fun , my 8 year old daughter have fun . it can be play by 5 to 9 year .
Video_Games	POS	5	what can I say that will convince you how good this game really be . one thing I can say be it be able to drag I away from the sim . not that it replace they , I just spend a little more time with rct . I have see the screen shot and I have to say wow , the peep get a little smarter , the graphic be a little cleaner and the building technique be expand . from what Chris do when he make we Corkscrew Follies and Loopy Landscapes be improve and give we more freedom . I have a feeling that he do it again . I think we will be more pleased and glue to you computer for hour after entertaining hour . and hey for all you who have never try RCT get the demo . then look at the picture on Chris Sawyer web site of the new change .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be the greatest game ever . in this game , you play as a badass code-named Naked Snake who must travel through the jungle of soviet Russia to stop the world 's most dangerous nuclear weapon -- the Shagohod . first , you must know that you be not play as solid Snake , the protagonist of the two first metal gear , you be play as he proverbial father -- big Boss , solid Snake be a clone of he . Notice that Big Boss look ever-so manlier than solid Snake . that be right -- big Boss , the original supersoldier that beget solid Snake and liquid Snake , Les Enfantes terrible . the game intersperse the history of the Cold War with fiction . there be a cutscene early in the game that feature John f Kennedy attempt to deal with the cuban Missile Crisis . there be also a secret phone call between Lyndon Johnson and Krushckev , who have a secret hotline between the U.S. and U.S.S.R. establish shortly after World War II . later , there be reference to soldier be subject involuntarily to radiation as part of a series of genetic experiment conduct by the U.S. government . you find that big Boss himself be subject to such radiation . about the gameplay : the game force you to observe you environment very carefully . after all , this game be a sneak game . you be to sneak through the jungle and various facility in order to accomplish various mission . enemy soldier be all over the place and it be up to you to hone you soldier skill in order to move past they undetected . however , you have the ability to face they in direct combat , if you would like . therein lie the beauty of this game : you can go at it in a sneak fashion , or you can be like Rambo and take out all the guard . it be up to you and you playing style . one complaint about this game be the fixed camera . the fix camera be only a problem if you be unable to adapt to it . overall , this game be terrific and much better than final Fantasy X.
Video_Games	POS	5	my stepson love this game . he be 6 yr old and its easy enough for he to play . it be lot of fun for I to play too - i love that 2 player can play at the same time
Video_Games	POS	4	a lot of people think that the Gamecube be just a toy . . well , if you want to get figurative , then , yes , it be . but realistically , it be a very powerful machine worthy of hype and expectation . I have see thing like this in review : pro : good graphic , bla bla bla , and best controller ... BEST CONTROLLER ? yes , it have a great controller , but that be a personal opinion , not a fact . so let 's state the fact ... 1 . -rrb- better texturing ability than -lrb- ... -rrb- 2 . -rrb- comfy controller design to most , but odd button layout to many more . 3 . -rrb- simply a gaming system , no extra feature . -lrb- good or bad -rrb- 4 . -rrb- many recognizable character , but almost no character development for year ... Mario , very enjoyable , but always re-hash . 5 . -rrb- smallest polygon count , but good texture mean game look good up close , but large scale level will hammer the system . 6 . -rrb- smallest game selection of all , but many recognizable face . all in all the Gamecube be a competetor in the console world , if you want to pay for a game system and that be all , then get the gamecube , otherwise you 'll be pay for a dvd player\/music machine , yada yada yada , when chance be , you already have all of that . the best information I can give anyone be this : Games and system have come quite a way since the beginning ... genre have be define , inroduce , and define again , franchise have be make , series have all develop across every platform that people know and love ... there always a few good series on every game system ... so buy every one . ps2 , Xbox , and Gamecube . that way you 'll get Mario , Sonic , and Halo to play . truth be told-if you be stick with one system , no matter which one it is-you be miss out on something else .
Video_Games	NEG	2	buy a wireless and love it for the few week it work until the joystick break . bought another one and guess what ? it not only break but in the same place ! this one last a few week as well .
Video_Games	POS	4	the gameplay could use some improvement but I really enjoy the improvement to franchise mode and I love ultimate team . ea do a good job of update the roster too .
Video_Games	POS	5	the Sims and they expansion be grate . i love the Sims , its soo much fun . its also grate fro kid because it can teach they about money and romance and all that grate stuff . I rate this a perfect 5 !
Video_Games	NEG	2	on a whim I pick this up year ago and enjoy it , although it be a bit easier on the difficulty-side , a little more frustrating , and much slower paced than its origin , I neglect these petty and trivial complaint at the time . unfortunately it come back to haunt I , as I feel severely underwhelm by my first few minute back in it once again . `` oh look ! its a game that could never have stand on its own without the original and actually look worse now -lrb- due to that new fangled 3d engine at the time do not age so well after window 98 era hardware -rrb- than the first freaking game . '' basically if you love the series to death - pick it up for sure . however , if you realize that the spark of ingenuity , originality , humor and atmosphere -lrb- which be all coincidentally miss from the sequel -rrb- have suddenly wander off with old age - do not bother . in fact just keep sign useless petition for another sequel that ea will never make as its not a cash-cow IP these day and never be .
Video_Games	POS	4	just like my title say ; I buy this mainly to get a extra controller . the controller by itself average to be 49.99 just about everywhere . I get this for a nifty deal during black Friday . the game be ok , not my cup of tea . I be more a hardcore\/sports gamer . I also have a xbox 360\/ps3 , but I do enjoy play a lot of Wii title , mainly Mario . however , when my nephews\/nieces\/kids be over they have have a blast with this game . I have have fun with they play as I do not even realize time have fly by . I recently -lrb- date from this post -rrb- , buy the Nintendo Red Wii Limited Edition and I do not have any extra controller . I do not want to play New Super Mario alone , and think I would get this combo pack . you literally get the game for free always on these combo pack , so I think what the heck why not . I do love the fact it do come with the newer Wii Remote Plus . it do come with battery , and the jacket . all you have to do be sync it and you good to go .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have a 6 year old and she can dance to this . you only need a Wii remote per player up to 4 , no dance pad need . it be easy to do & fun . very basic & it be a good workout .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a proper game and a fitting end to a fantastic franchise . there will never be another series like it . there be not much to say than what have not be say here before . this be one that every PS3 owner should have in the collection . this be the one game that all other need to experience in they life-time .
Video_Games	POS	5	I love this game and I be very impressed on how fast it be deliver and it be in good condition .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be slightly bigger than the regular controller but it be not a big deal . we use a big screen and play about 10-15 foot away from the tv . the wirless be so great because you do not have to move the GameCube from the shelf and mess with all the cord . there be no lag in response time either . such a great controlller . we try to see how far away we could be when the GameCube would stop receivee signal . we get to the opposite side of the house and it be still work . ha !!
Video_Games	POS	5	product be as describe . package get here very lighten fast . I be very happy with this seller . my daughter be very thrill and happy . : -rrb- thank you and kudos Angel
Video_Games	POS	5	I think this game be great . great feature , option , gaming ability , spectacular level , and good graphic make this game a fun one to play ! although it may not be what you would expect it to be if you have play the game , it be still fun . if you like Disney 's Hercules -lrb- game -rrb- and x-man mutant academy , you might like this . it be a lot like Hercules and sort of remind I of the x-men game due to it be special feature and the thing you have to do in the level . anyway I think this game be good and it be also for Harry Potter -lrb- game -rrb- lover although the HP game be not really what I expect it to be !
Video_Games	NEG	2	I have a gfocer 8600 gt and when i try to play this game , i feel like i come back to the atarus day , the resolution suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! big time but i guess be not the game fault be my computer 's
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be not worth the hassle , the DRM punish customer by make the game unusable . also , the game itself be very shallow and do not live up to the massive hype . avoid this one like the plague .
Video_Games	POS	4	I recently purchase this game , and when I get home I go direcly to my GameCube . when I start play I learn that instead of use dollar , you use Bells . not only do you start off with a very small house you do not even have enough Bells for it . the animal who sell you the house tell you that you can have it but you have to pay off all the debt . once you pay off all you debt you upgrade you house and you be in debt again . you may keep upgrade you house until you can not upgrade anymore . you can also make animal friend , obtain special item , and more . it be also fun because it be like real life , -lrb- i.e. -rrb- in the Winter it snow . in autumn the leaf change color . there be also real life , and make up holiday . like , Toy Day -lrb- make up Holiday -rrb- or Christmas . I also suggest get a strategy guide . it really help . a game of patience .
Video_Games	POS	5	basically if you like the classic rpg from the ne , sne , ps1 day you should be able to find some value here . persona game be way ahead of they time . persona 1 fan do not even need to hesitate ! buy it ! if you be younger and never know those day , you will have a very rough time deal with the oldschool design convention . if you come into the series at persona 3 it may be a rough transition for you .
Video_Games	NEU	3	you have to get old driver to make dance pad mode work which suck and be time consume to find but it work great once you get that do
Video_Games	NEU	3	this item be really short so it should only be use for charge and then remove because I have knock my xbox off the entertainment center twice since I have be use these short cable . they do work for charge and play but you have to be within a few foot of you console to use it .
Video_Games	POS	5	we have backyard baseball 2003 and 2005 . 2005 be by and large more fun than 2003 . the 3-d graphic , and more unusual field , make this alot more fun . my 6 year old have not grow tired of this version even after 8 month . the harder the level of play make it so you do not get too bore . highly reccomend this for the young baseball fan .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be not necessarily the best controller for pc gaming . the best one be the one that fit you hand the best . you may find this one too large . in which case , you can use smaller PlayStation controller , although the installation process there be tricky . if you have be use the wireless version of the Xbox controller a lot , this one be lighter because it do not have a battery pack -lrb- but it do have rumble -rrb- . also , if you shop around , you can find the white version if that be you thing , but it come at a premium because Microsoft apparently stop make they . you can also use a wireless controller if you get a adapter -lrb- also sell on Amazon -rrb- . I choose the wire one because I hate hassle with battery . I would also recommend check out the  Logitech Rumble Gamepad f510  that one have programmable button and rumble that you can toggle . as far as physical engineering go , this controller be pretty good . it be arguably the best one you 'll find for the pc . it feel sturdy and it fit perfectly into medium-sized hand . there be two common drawback , however . first , one of the trigger will usually squeak . it be almost inevitable . the problem appear to be the spring inside the trigger , so it be pretty much impossible to fix without disassemble the unit . but some people do not notice the squeak at all , or only intermittently . the other problem be the mushy d-pad . however , this latter issue can be address with third-party accessory . on the bright side , the average 360 controller be extremely durable . I still have a pair of first-generation wireless controller -lrb- late 2005 -rrb- that work flawlessly despite frequent use . lastly , some game may `` lock out '' you mouse and keyboard if they recognize and prioritize the controller . Skyrim do this . it even change all the menu from kb -lrb- `` Press E to open '' -rrb- to Xbox button -lrb- `` Press A to open '' -rrb- . other game convert too . any title that use Microsoft 's `` Games for Windows '' brand will recognize the controller right away , as far as I know . -lrb- Games for Windows \* live \* be a different service -- basically like Steam . such title may or may not have the same degree of compatibility . -rrb- some game allow you to switch on-the-fly between mouse-and-keyboard and the controller . so you can do a fp section with kb+m , then pick up the controller if you need to do some racing or fly . the controller have a few flaw , but they can be address cheaply , or simply ignore . its sheer durability count for a lot , as do its broad compatibility with Windows game .
Video_Games	POS	5	my brother and I get this game last year for Christmas . in my opinion , this game be one of the best game I have ever play because of the excellent graphic and the fun stage . -lrb- the stage be the place you can race in -rrb- . there be 4 different stage to unlock -lrb- the star cup -rrb- and you can also unlock car , character , and mirror mode , which be all the same race , but backwards . id say that this game be definitley worth the buy .
Video_Games	POS	5	I love secret Agent Barbie . usually I think of Barbie doll as something for younger girl because some older girl seem to think of Barbie as lame or dumb or something , but not always because I do like she . anyway , this game be so cool ! Barbie be a secret agent , and the game be so fun from the start ! it start out on a plane , where Barbie go in training to learn all these different move like roll and jump . Barbie , be Barbie , use cool gizmo and gadget that look a lot like makeup . for example , to sneak past guard without they catch she or not let she by , she take out some powder that be like foundation or blush and blow it in the person 's face to where he can not see for a moment but cough . she record private conversation use a lipstick I think it be , and she wear these pink sunglass type thing that enable she to see secret code and combination . she travel to exotic place like Paris , France and somewhere in Japan , also New York ; she always go by plane and land by parachute ! she choose different clothes and outfit to wear and there be different mode to play-action be one . she have a robotic puppy , too . she also have a friend who talk to she a lot by a certain spy gagdet thing , who just happen to be in a wheelchair ! it be funny , all the guard dude look and sound the same . sometimes Barbie can get a little annoying by say the same thing over and over , and the stuff can be frustrating by be challenging . Barbie 's mission include find some thief who be make a invisible suit which Barbie get to put on ! the theif steal special dye from some plant and clothes I think from a designer friend of Barbie 's , -lrb- who I think be Theresea -rrb- . anyhow , this game be soooo really cool and a must-buy for girl this product would interest ! I have not play it in a while though .
Video_Games	POS	5	first time play both these game , I enjoy they very much . GOW I be simply amazing with Pandora 's temple . very well do . GOW II be a great game but loose some of the luster that GOW I have . however , GOW II do prepare you for the highly anticipate gowiius -lrb- which I can not wait for -rrb- . either way , this be a steal . two great , great game at a reasonable price . enjoy .
Video_Games	NEG	1	adventure gamer : do not buy this game ! 1 -rrb- it be a series of maze ; 2 -rrb- 90 % of the time you be either kill dead people or the living , and then rekill they after they be dead ; 3 -rrb- there be some inventory item ; 4 -rrb- it be a keyboard game -lrb- i.e. , you have to use both hand to maneuver in the game ; and , 5 -rrb- if you insist upon get this game , make sure you back off every time you kill somebody or you will end up not finish the game ! this game be a waste of my money .
Video_Games	POS	4	if you go to a U.S. elementary school in the ninety , chance be you play this game . this version be exactly how I remember the old game from my grade school day . hard work and creative design reward you with success in the game . Poor design and poor planning lead to failure . and let not forget that if you get bore , you can build roller coaster to no where that send people fly to they explosive death . could this game be any greater for a grade school kid ? play this game year later be entertaining , even addictive . the objective of the game usually revolve around obtain a certain park rating and a certain number of guest . often time , these objective can be complete with a lot of time to spare , and it can be pretty bore to just sit around wait out the clock . one thing that be sometimes annoying about this game be that you must use the CD while play the game . this would not be a big deal , but sometimes as you be play the game , you will start scroll to another part of a game level and the game will momentarily freeze . it will freeze for 5 seconds or so while the CD spin up and provide the necessary information . I wish the CD rom would just load all of the necessary file onto my hard drive so I would not have to deal with delay . but it be a minor issue , and the game be still enjoyable . for some add fun , you can look up cheat for the game online . many of they involve re-naming guest in the amusement park and they will do certain thing , include wave , painting , take picture , etc. . some cheat will even make the go-kart drive faster . if you be look for a game to take you back to you younger day or you simply want to instill the capitalistic value in you child\/spouse\/video game play pet Roller Coaster Tycoon be the way to go .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I love need for speed , but the series have be go down . shift and Hoot pursuit have basically revive this dead franchise . the last good nf game be most want and that be in a different console generation . this game deliver everything you can want from a need for speed game . I have the sense of speed , excellent sound , sexy car , big crash , and excellent pursuit that will have you on the edge of you seat till the finish line . criterion do a very good job , but they be miss one big part of what make the previous hot pursuit game so much fun . Split Screen multiplayer . hot pursuit be fun , but it would be even better if it have split screen . for some reason it be not there . this would make a incredible party game , but unfortunately it be online multiplayer only . I do not know why they would leave it out as it would make a great game even better .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you be to take the best aspect of the Fallout series and throw in some element from the Baldur 's gate series and then combine they to form this excellent rpg adventure . from the get go every decision you make will alter the path of the game . from choose a Male Elf or a female human you decision effect the outcome of the game . the First overwhelming aspect of the game be the leveling system . unlike game such as Diablo , Arcanum have a vast array of stats , skill , technology , and magick to distribute ability point to . try to stay balance among all of the available option will result in a very difficult game . however if you specialize in a certain skill , technology , or Magick you will have a stronger character . the combat engine be a very unique one that adjust to you play style . if you be use to hack and slash RPG 's you might enjoy the real-time combat . however if you use to Fallout or Baldur 's gate turn base approach you can choose the turn base mode . there be even a cross between the two call fast turn base Mode which speed up the turn base movement a bit . in any case there be a mode for everyone . another large part of this game be the development of you character . through conversation and you action you will develop a reputation . in addition if you focus you talent on Magick or Technology certain people will treat you differently . the entire land of Arcanum be divide between magick and technology . choose a focus be the most difficult task . throughout the game you will have the ability to meet other character that will join you on you quest if you leadership ability be high enough and you request they assistance . when you gain control of these npc 's they act as real people . each one have its own personality and objective . they all can be upset by you action and sometime might even decide to attack you and the rest of you party . some npc 's be good some be evil . base on you character alignment you will get along better with some than other . however , this be half the fun . on the negative side you will find several bug , most of which should be fix with the release of the new patch . on a unfortunate note the multiplayer be design to be play on what use to be won.net . be won.net have officially close shop and be currently be run by a minimal staff large lag time and several bug a present here . most people be hope for a addition of tcp\/ip to the network setting allow player to play on GameSpy or Kali . on another note the biggest flaw in this game release be the Manual . it be completely unorganized and will provide little to any assistance . there be no Table of Contents or Glossary and to find the information you want you will have to a. read it from cover to cover . b. visit a Arcanum web site . or c. buy the Strategy Guide . it be unfortunate that a game so fun and well think out would place its manual on its lowest priority . all in all this game be a very exciting and unique game that will be a sure fire nominee for game of the year . if you be a fan of Baldur 's gate and Fallout 1 & 2 this just may be the game for you . I do however suggest that when purchase the game you also purchase the strategy guide . it be very well write and contain a complete guide to all of the character and weapon you will run across .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I have play both Sims 1 and Sims 2 on my pc for year . I be not able to get Sims 3 for my pc because my pc be not up-to-date . when I see that Sims 3 be come to console , I be thrill . I could now play the Sims 3 . I do like be able to go anywhere within the neighborhood without have extremely long load time -lrb- compare to v. 1 & 2 -rrb- . I also like the opportunity that you Sim can take advantage of . I have enjoy play this over the last couple of day . however , today be my first chance to dedicate a decent amount of time to this game . I do have some complaint regard this version game . the book be confuse . you have to keep they in inventory and then select they from inventory in order to read one . there be a glitch here . as soon as you select anything from inventory , a menu pop up but do not have say item -lrb- like a book -rrb- among the choice . you have to cancel by hit you b button and then hit select , the a button , all over again . I can not tell where my Sim be in he or she relationship with someone . there be no number and the bar in the relationship panel look the same for all the Sims . there be also no explanation about what some of the object do like there be for the pc game -lrb- such as which of the kid toy be educational -rrb- . -lrb- Though for I , this be a minor thing . -rrb- I do not realize there be no fireman -lrb- I be lucky enough not to have a fire -rrb- , as I read on another review , but do see there be no way to hire a maid , butler , or nanny . these be all available from day 1 on the Sims for the pc and be even advertise in one of the video for the console game . where be they ? what would happen if my family have kid ? I have only be able to have my Sim do one thing at a time because of the way they have choice set up . also , if I have more than one Sim in the family , there be problem . if , for example , I have Sim # 1 cook a meal , and then I select Sim # 2 and have they workout , Sim # 1 will sometimes stop what he\/she be do . I have even see the unselected Sim wander all around town just to go to the bathroom . be this a problem with sim 3 for the pc ? I do not know as this be my first experience with sim 3 . my biggest complaint seem like the biggest `` glitch . '' after a few hour of game play , there be problem with the neighbor -- all of they . at first I think it be only the neighbor my Sim meet , but then I start a new game and be careful about who they meet , but then I see neighbor my Sim never meet in they own yard `` scream '' because they all need to use the toilet ! neighbor die for unknown reason ! one neighbor be invite over to my Sims house . he raid the fridge and promptly go to bed to sleep . he die before he wake up ! try to have a relationship of any kind with one of the neighbor and you have better make sure to invite they over all the time so they can get they need fulfil . after all , you be just start `` life as a Sim '' and do not have enough karma point to save they all !! I have another Sim who be a romantic . he build a relationship with one neighbor and do not have she over for 2 day while work on another . this `` lady '' die the next day . this game ought to have a lifetime goal of humanitarian because you Sim will be too busy try to keep all he or she friend and neighbor from die to do anything else ... or just let they all die ???? ever since the Sims 2 come out , this game , at least for I , turn into a game of create generation from the first Sim you create . this do not seem possible with the console version of Sims 3 . my biggest concern be how will these problem with the game get solve ? will they get solve ? or have I just blow my money ? in the past with the pc Sims game , patch be available for download . can the same be do for Wii ?
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be awesome ! I fall in love with Fallout 3 and this be kinda like fallout 3 , but on crack ! I do not know if the game hold to the Elder Scrolls saga , but honestly I do not care . by itself the game be awesome . great control , great graphic , compelling storyline , and a beautiful free roaming world to explore until you heart 's content . so glad I buy this . big shout out to my fiance for make I go buy it today use we joint bank account . I love this game almost much as she , and way more than she cat .
Video_Games	POS	5	i briught this game so when my niece come over they would be occupy but once i start play it i become a little kid again this game be fun and i be a animal lover i would recommend this game if you dont already have it
Video_Games	POS	4	story-i enjoy the story , much like ff12 with the corrupted government genre . the only drawback be the Cieth , which I feel be write into the plot as a last minute explanation for Hunts . as with a regular jrpg , part of the story be heavily soak in melodrama and might make american gamer cringe . the ending be a `` eh ... Ok '' sort of feeling but tie up loose end . Voice Acting-Great voice act , the voice suit the character nicely , yes even Vanille . a upbeat cheerful character get a upbeat cheerful voice . the character from pulse get a english accent be a nice subtle touch too . graphics\/sound-stunning environment and in-game cut scene , even the menu screen be sleek and futuristic-looking . Quality expect from the Playstation system as well as past ff game . gameplay-those who want to finish every mission and pick up every item will find themselves play for a long while . the main plot be relatively short , as Square expect you to continue play past the end credit , unlike past ff game which do not let you save . possibly the most addictive part of this game be the battle system as long as you do not keep mash Auto-Battle . frankly the Auto-Battle feel like a cheap blow to my pride when I first see it . last thoughts-obviously this ff13 be gear to bring in those who have never play ff game before . usually know for they storyline , 13 's be only decent . graphic be excellent , but only to be expect from the ff franchise . I would wait for the price to drop before pick this up and save my money for Versus .
Video_Games	POS	5	First off , I be a fan of the original series so I be already look forward to be able to enjoy you do not Know Jack again . the Wii version make it easy for up to 4 people to sit back or on the edge of the set and poke fun at eachother for the answer each pick . the game do a great job of have question and answer that lead to awww man moment every game . it be a must have for adult .
Video_Games	NEG	2	like most thing its good in theory , but not in practice . the game lag , the control be simply horrible on the pc version at least . I have high hope for this game after all they hype , but there be simply too much stop and go to progress the story along . even the patch be bug for the pc and will not complete the update . if this do turn into a mmorpg and the bug fix , it may deserve another look . for now I waste 50.00 on a subpar game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my daughter . she love to dance , and keep drag I out into the living room to join she . I have not break anything yet , so it must be a good game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I think Origin be actually do a decent job , albeit I havent have any issue with it to date except slow dl time but hey if that all I have to complain about then that not bad . the game itself be amazing and i really like the web browser experience . it have all you stats and next unlock on a easy to use interface . Gameplay be fantastic on pc and I dont feel like I be get hack by a player because he have better weapon then I do . that be part of the experience of level up .
Video_Games	NEU	3	ill be honest , i do see a difference between the two ... obviously the screen , but it really doesnt impress I much . i love my `` fat '' ds ... and ill stick with it . all i know be that nintendo will be laugh there butt off because be get sucker into buy there so call `` vastly '' improve product . I mean , they have do this to we for as long as they start the portable line ... gameboy , gameboy pocket , to gameboy color , and to the advance . now i will say that the sp upgrade be necessary , because we all need a real backlight-not those cheap wormlight they be offer we . but now they even have a BETTER sp . . with the improve backlight . another one for the sucker , eh ? when i purchase the d , i knew they be come out with a new model-even for people who didnt , they could make a really good prediction , right ? people be go to buy this for 130 buck and no more than a year and a half later , they will have a new system-and people be really go to want to beat there head with a board for do that one ... im not try to di the d lite completely , but smart people will hold on to basically the same portable until the NEW portable to come out - dont let nintendo sucker you guy , just keep with the good old fashion model and save 130 buck , eh ? if you disagree with I or even agree , please comment I with my email . its juggalo1_9_9_2@yahoo.com later
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a big d fan and I love this game . First off , it be a fun gameplay with lot of level and eight world . it also include a bazillion minigame . next it allow for all the minus game to be multiplayer and it have a special mode which allow for fun capture the star , all which can be do use one card ! the only drawback be limited saving -lrb- only at castle and tower -rrb- but I jave find that if you get 5 star and buy a mushroomhouse or level , it will let you save you progress . all in all this be on great game that I recomend to anyone look for some fun .
Video_Games	POS	4	game be a gift for my 78 year-old widow mother who do not go out much in the winter . it have be so popular , she have invite all she friend over to play and now hang up on I when I call so that she can finish the game she be play . note that she be terrify of computer and all thing electronic , but have adopt the Wii as she would a stray puppy .
Video_Games	POS	4	we be a Pixar household . my 5-year old son love all thing Toy Story , and we have watch Toy Story 2 more time than I care to admit in the company of adult . so when I find myself play Buzz Lightyear on a attack on Zurg 's Fortress , straight out of Toy Story 2 , I be beside myself . and I be 41 . the game be a must-play if you be a Toy Story fanatic , and simply can not get enough Woody , Buzz , Jessie , and the rest of the gang . it be obvious that they do not get the a-list actor to do the voice , especially when Stinky Pete open he mouth , but it be still a blast to get to `` be '' Woody try to make you way through Andy 's room . the game start off fast , with a extend version of the train chase from the beginning of ts3 , and work its way through the rest of the movie with somewhat-related adventure . it be obvious that they have to make up some reason for the game to take 8 + hour , and so some of the mission be a bit off-plot from the film -lrb- s -rrb- . they be still fun , like figure out how to ride Bullseye around Sunnyside quickly . the thing that make this game 100 % worth the time and money , however , be the attack on Zurg 's fortress . Flying in as Buzz Lightyear , take on the robot , and then make my way to the center of the fortress be a blast . and when I get stick and could not make it any further I remember the secret entrance to the left , and sure enough , there it be . of course . for age-appropriate kid , or kid at heart , this game be indeed a fun romp through a land I already know with character I already love . if you be a hardcore gamer , this will make for a good , fun-hearted diversion from you normal gunfight . if you be a Pixar junkie , know that you can defeat Zurg , too .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be make this short and sweet . this be the greatest fighting game ever . and this be a dc exclusive and will forever be one of the best dc game ever . it have everything I love about fight game . first off the visual be just so juicy . not as sharp as sc2 but still great visual even for this time of the year . the game have some really great thing add to this dc version such as a mission mode , it be like a story mode , what you do be buy art gallery to start new mission , trust I it 'll keep you in for week especially since it be for EVERY CHARACTER ! the game have some other neat thing add to this game such as Practicemode Mission Mode Survival Mode ARCADE MODE , which you can unlock character . and some other neat thing but I will tell you right now if you do have a Dreamcast do not keep it to dust and play gta on you ps2 . you need this game for the Dreamcast . this be one of the reason people get a Dreamcast ... I get it as a gift from my aunt and take advantage of it by get the game . . and this gem be one of they . listen . . do you self a favor and get this game ... heck even Gamespot give this game 10 and it be extreamly hard get a good score on this game . . the visual ar not as great as sc2 and that be pretty much the only thing wrong with it . . bottom line good superb visual on the dc great extra for the dc version mission mode rock controll be easy to get use to load of play time and arcade Mode be a blast Bad . . Hmmm ... nothing Ugly nothing ... GREATEST FIGHTING GAME EVER ONLY on the dreamcast ! I give it a 5 out of 5 star !! Lates
Video_Games	POS	5	I know my brother Ron would love this the minute I see it . what a awesome present for he birthday
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be just plain awesome . the graphic be the best I have see on a xbox , teh single player mission be awesome , and you can play against the computer through Xbox LIVE or up to 4 player split screen - which be great for I and my roommate . I have trouble load it at first -lrb- get a red-x error -rrb- , but all you have to do be boot it with the controller pull out . then it load perfectly . its better than most $ 50 game and its only $ 30 !!!
Video_Games	POS	4	I know people get in a group & say use a mouse & keyboard its the way to go blah blah . yes it do take skill but after a while you get a pain in you hand . all the new game that be come out now have controller plug and play for pc . I couldnt not believe this game miss something so simple .
Video_Games	NEU	3	just want to throw my two cent in . this controller quickly become my favorite once I purchase it . it feel awesome , the dpad be better , the brush paint sort of absorb sweat and do not get slippery like other controller , and it look awesome with the muted color gray button . major downside : the dpad break on mine only like 5 month into own the controller . lamest part be that this be not a isolate incident . it be a known problem , and if you be unlucky like I and it break out of warranty -lrb- after 90 day -rrb- m$ will not help at all . I mean at all . I call and pull out all the stop - `` I want to talk to the manager '' , `` I have be a customer for 10 year '' , etc. etc. . nothing . I be not exactly hard on controller and mine snapped just below the surface . now im out 60 buck . do not make this mistake and buy the controller just for the Dpad transforming . if you do get it , just do not mess with the Dpad . keep it in the `` whole '' position as much as possible .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have all my electronics hide in a closet . in the summer the heat from the electronics make the closet maybe 20 deg hotter than ambient . I have hear about issue with PS3 's overheating , so i think a fan be a good idea . this unit plug in easily . the fan turn on when you have the PS3 on , and off when PS3 in standby mode . the fan be a little loud ; even more than this they seem to pull the internal fan out of balance . when the PS3 first start up with these fan go , you hear a harmonic vibration from the internal fan . this go away after maybe 45 seconds , then it be just a little louder than normal . when I do not turn on the accy fan , the harmonic vibration do not happen . I feel the extra air movement be enough to increase the lifespan of my PS3 . I be happy with the purchase .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this for my grandson for Christmas . the game be highly like by the 16 year old , but he 10 year old brother be not so fond of it . so , while it be a great game for teens , younger kid might prefer something else .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be absolutely amazing and fun . the move control translate you motion precisely on the screen as if it be in real . for those who have play wii-sport or wsr , know how it work : you waggle and it translate to can animation . but this be totally different and let you play use real motion that translate to motion capture animation . check out this video compare move to Wii and you 'll see the difference . -lrb- ... -rrb- also unlike Wii sport game this game work both for casual and hardcore with increase difficulty and depth . so casual can play easily with assist but for those who want more there be plenty of depth to master .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy these for my husband because he be a huge xbox fanatic . he say that the sound be amazing . that they be very sensitive -lrb- whatever that mean -rrb- but he say that it be a good thing . he be very pleased with this product . I buy it on sale for $ 59.99 he say it be definitely worth every penny .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have to say when i go into this game i be expect something that be break and no fun . im come late in the game its be out for over a month now . and well so far its be a fun game . I would say anyone that want a game for graphic and just random fun here and there or like FF XI give this game a chance . its selling almost half off and its free online play for now . Update : well i havent play this game for awhile so i figure id check it out . wow what a difference a team that know what there do can make on a project like this game . there be a ton of thing to do in this game now . many of the thing i didnt like the first time around be now go . and this be only verion 1.2 . i cant wait for 2.0 . the game that be not complete have I hooked and i cant stop play now ! anyone that think about try this back a year ago , i really hope you try it for just a month again . I promise youll be happy about it .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be fun . it be certainly not a great game but it be a fun game for a 10 or so hour ride to get a platinum trophy . the No fear of Heights trophy be a pain in the ass and take I around 50 try but I finally get it . I hate trophy that be base on pure luck . it be b.s. however , when you get it you be totally pump with excitement . the gameplay be redundant and I find myself use the same combo for 90 % of the game . later in the game I mostly use the butt\/body bounce to weaken the enenmy then a quick slash to finish off the zombie . the boss be not difficult at all but this game go beyond the three time boss fight to win . one boss -lrb- Zed , I think -rrb- take like five time to hurt , then another four of 5 time to finish . Sheesh , that be aggravate . this game be rate mature 17 for a reason ... definitely not for kid -lrb- even though they probably already hear it all -rrb- . there be lot of sexual innuendo and Juliet be quite provocatively dress ... especially if you upgrade all costume -lrb- seashell bikini -rrb- . there be panty peek the entire game with one trophy be look up Juliet 's skirt . it be not gross or demeaning it be in the realm of a college party movie like Animal House or Porky 's . the game make I laugh out loud at a few point with the silly college humor . I would rate this game around a 7 or so because it be fun . it take at least two play through -lrb- or chapter select -rrb- to platinum . I have to do it a few more time because when gather up trophy and collectible after the initial play through , I should have play on rank mode . I do not figure that out till the second play through so I have to do all the rank chapter again . my bad . you live and you learn . in my opinion this be certainly not a $ 60 game . I would be a little peeved if i payed over $ 30 . I do , but then sell it and it wind out cost I around $ 11 . perfect !!! the game be break up with minus game which be just fill but mostly still enjoyable . during gameplay , try to be sure and hit all the correct button in the qte for collectible wrapper and extra gold coin . it be need for some trophy . one other trophy which at first be a pain be go medal racer . it be not that hard once you figure out a plan . when it come to the part that split left and right I stop , line up with the coin on the lower level right and bam ... one try get everything safely and avoid the fall building . after many try it be simple once I figure that part out . I be pretty sure you will enjoy this if you arent expect a top notch game like uncharted . it be light hearted , college fun that occupy you time for 10 + hour . Story be ok even though I really do not pay much attention . there be 6 chapter plus a prologue . there be no save besides auto save . in rank mode you must complete the entire chapter without get kill or you need to start from the beginning of the chapter . use you health -lrb- lollipop -rrb- and sparkle wisely and sparingly . I do not recommend start rank mode until you be comfortable with the controls\/game for this reason . you will be really upset if you get 43 minute in and then die . yes you will have to start all over . that sux . you need to learn combo for maximum point to beat Dad 's score in rank mode . it be not that hard once you get use to the game . I do recommend this game but wait until the price drop or buy it and then flip it on a auction site or here on Amazon . if you be not expect a whole lot you wont be disappoint . the soundtrack be also quite good so enjoy that also . have fun ...
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be good as the xbox version . but beware in order to play these game you gonna need a beast of a graphic card . im currently wait for atus 6870 card to come on sale . right now my pc have the intergrated atus hd 4200 which come with the pc . Game run normal but kinda chunky and slow . so gamer get ready to shell out some money for graphic card if you plan to buy this game and gta 4 . but overall voice act be funny and love the big city and jump off building with a parachute . plus if you become a social club member get hang out and play with other who have these game thanks rockstar .
Video_Games	POS	4	I do not have the game controller mat , but since it say it be compatible with the wius balance board , I buy it . it be fun , and a good workout , but it be pretty limit when you be use it with the balance board .
Video_Games	POS	4	Kingdom Hearts II might not be for everyone , obviously . this game be mean for those who enjoy seemingly interactive story plot rather then hard core video gaming . hence many reference to how the player should really be under 15 . but here be a good reason other people to enjoy the game . the game , much like the first be a fine mixture of Disney and another popular franchise : final Fantasy . for a new gamer , it be very ideal . it be main point be on a very poplar subject that everybody know -lrb- Classic Disney Movies -rrb- , and then , give we a good taste on the basic rpg 's we all love . it be simple game control and impressive -lrb- long -rrb- cut scene give a new player a movie watch experience but a twist to actually control the character themselves . older people who do want wish for that much of a challenge will also enjoy the great plot and chance to interact with they favorite Disney character . ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ All and all , it be not a in depth review , but just one to read before go into heavy critic .
Video_Games	POS	5	i just buy this one for my son because i enjoy use it already -lrb- i have it in black color -rrb- the sound from people mic be very good and clear and other player can hear I just fine . I have have trouble buy headset in the past but this one fit comfortable unlike the other . plus the mic part be build nice and thick so you dont have to worry about it break .
Video_Games	POS	5	you can not create a female character and it be rate m , because you can cut off people 's head , blood fly everywhere , then kick they head around as a soccer ball which be cool , and you can have sex wit ur wife , get drunk and throw up , exactly my type of game !
Video_Games	NEU	3	Start the Party be essentially a mini-game package design to be `` family friendly '' for the Playstation move . the game can be play with up to four player at once , but it should be note that you can only use one move controller ... you have to pass it along from person to person as they turn come up . if you have play the demo -lrb- available for free on the PlayStation Store -rrb- you have pretty much see what Start the Party be . it be almost like a game show format where you compete in mini-game -lrb- small game last around one to two minute each -rrb- . each round let each `` contestant '' have a turn at the mini-game , and the best score\/time win . win award you `` star '' , and the player with the most star at the end of all the round be the winner . you be able to select how many `` round '' you want the game to last from a few pre-determined option at the beginning of the game . you start off with each player have they picture take and create a voice recording of they name , so you know whose turn it be . then it be off to the race . the game start , and you have the option to have the game teach you how to play it , or dive right in . the tutorial be pretty basic and pretty fast , so it do not feel like it drag thing down too much if people be not acquaint with the game . some game seem pretty straight-forward , other may take a time or two to get they down , but most be easy enough to understand . between the game , you 'll get a few `` Bonus Round '' opportunity , where you may do something silly like draw all over another player 's picture or create a silly voice recording of another player 's name -lrb- my son like to name I `` senor stinkypants '' -rrb- as a way to taunt you rival . however , some game let you compete one-on-one with a opponent of you choice in a attempt to steal star -lrb- but be careful who you pick , because if you lose , they 'll end up with yours ! -rrb- . the move do a pretty good job of manage motion with Start the Party ... there be still time where it feel a bit `` off '' , but it be overall pretty good . the only move game I have play that feel more accurate than Start the Party be Sports Champions . if you be look to show off how well the move work , this be a great choice ! I will say that I buy this game mostly so that I would have a move game to play with my young son . at 3 , he still need help with most of the game , but he have fun with it when we play . if it be not for he , I would probably have trade this game in for credit . it be fun the first few time , but it be lose it be luster , and not frequently request at we home . if you be look for a fun game to play with young kid , this be a good choice . definitely not make for the `` hardcore '' gamer by any means . merit a 3 star rating .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be unique and fun . it be not a fast paced game but rather one that you can sit and ponder over - which be what make it both entertaining and relaxing at the same time . the graphic be sort of basic so do not expect any visual treat and despite what a previous reviewer have to say I find the music repetitious and bothersome . fortunately there be a option to turn it off while keep the audio game effect on . these be minimal issue since the game deliver when it come to a good puzzle - and that , after all , be the point . probably the only thing I would truly change be the fact that movement within the game be slow - transport from room to room be accompany by a unimpressive visual effect that take a boring several seconds while the player watch this repetitive scene each time they conduct the move . all this aside , for puzzle fan , this be a winner .
Video_Games	POS	4	like the title say , this game be very overrated . win lot 's of award and such , and be hold ` the best resident evil ever ' I highly disagree . yes , compare to the previous release , this game be much more fast paced , but game of the year worthy ? not really . Gameplay : very fast pace , you should not be stick in any area , the puzzle be too simple to be consider ` mind numb ' and you visit most area of the game only once . backtrack have always be a staple in the previous game . Storyline : this be probably 4 's weakest area . the storyline be much too James Bondish , and or not resident evilish . apperantly the people who title this a great story , have not play any of the other title . the plotline be almost embarassingly simple . almost no twist , or change . Kind of a letdown . graphic : a lot of people disagree , but I think the graphic be better in re0 , and the Remake . the graphic in this release almost look ` cartoonish ' the color 's could have be do better . music : meh , some song be really good , but most song do not stick with you . I think the end credit theme title ` sorrow ' be very beautiful , in the Resident Evil sense of course . Controls : very good . the same as the previous Gamecube release . should not take long at all to adapt . in a way , I sometimes wish this game flop , just so Capcom would not stick with make the same game over and over . the previous game always have variety from one another , but Capcom decide to make re4 the new base of all future title . this will most definitely appeal to most , but for people who have be into the series since the late 90 's ` like I ' find this to be a very dumb decision . but hey , be not all company 's about ` milk ' what win ? more about the actual game . the enemy be , well , definitely not possible . what in the heck spawn El Gigante ? who of which look like a troll from LOTR ` yuck ' most enemy in the previous game have similarity to they non-infected counterpart . this game be very weak in the way of tell you what cause such mutation . and Ashley Graham ? let just say you 'll stop bash Sherry after you play a while with that busty blonde . this game be worth get if you want a long , challenging game . but if you be familier with the older title , do not expect this to be anything that make the other game so great . good luck .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Stay far far away from this game . this be one of the worst mmorpg game I have play this decade . the UI be horrible , lag be bad , no auction house , can not invite someone into a party unless you stand next to he , wait 36 hour to do quest suck , no automatic battle so you have to spam the 1 key . I usually do not write any review for a game but this game be so bad that I wish it will die in 3 month just like apb mmorpg .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be such a blast to play ! you want to play for hour ! it be in 2d which I do not care for but overall its a really fun game !
Video_Games	POS	5	my 9 year old daughter really enjoy this game for the d and the price I pay be much less then what Gamestop be charge for a use game . also include in we game be a portable pokemon .
Video_Games	POS	4	for the xbox 360 version so i be at about a level 38 or so . I have deal with the numerous glitch that come up . I have clear ton of dungeon , be chase out of town by guard , kill a ton of dragon , and get some follower . all this be great fun . overall the game be great and more than worth the money . my only qualm be that the game do get a little monotonous . after many hour of play it seem like you be pretty much do the same thing over and over . which be not entirely a bad thing , depend on what those thing be . but a person can only clear out so many dungeon and slay so many dragon before it become too easy and kinda boring . the load every time you enter\/exit a building or new corridor in a dungeon be pretty annoying as well . but consider how large this game be and how much stuff have to load when you change scenery like that , i can understand and let it go . great game , very addicting , keep you just interested enough to want to keep play despite be a little monotonous at time .
Video_Games	POS	5	THERE be no ps2 version !! for the person that say he have the ps2 version of KOTOR . only pc and x-box .
Video_Games	NEG	1	what be this ? get the game for free . expect a semi-solid shooter with a decent story to keep I play it . well , this be not it . a way too complex game . all the time I be apparently upgrade my character 's abilty in different section . I never have a clue about what these ability do . I get weird name and number , like -lrb- +1 -rrb- maintenance . 3\/4 of the time I do not even have a clue about what be I do , wander around way too dark corridor -lrb- forget about play this game during the day -rrb- try to find something I have no clue what it be . I get halfway trough the game , and I be still use a wrench as a primary weapon . apparently you can use physic power , but it take several minute to select the `` spell '' -lrb- among hundred -rrb- the item , the etc and etc so I just find myself fight with a wrench against horde of zombie that keep come out of nowhere . I once get a pistol but it only have a couple of bullet . I could only find a couple of bullet per level . uninstall it 4 hour after I get it , after the inmense frustration of be kill by the same zombie over and over again , when I have nothing to defend myself with except a wrench , and I have kill he a dozen time . not for I .
Video_Games	POS	4	have not beat it yet but be be a fun game to play\/waste a little bit of day light with . if you have a little bit of cash lie around go for it !
Video_Games	POS	5	we love the game , but then we live less than 90 minute from Disney World and we go frequently . if you grow up watch Disney movie , you will love it , also . especially when you wife\/mother\/daughter \/ sister be sing the song !
Video_Games	POS	5	we upgrade to the 3d after the hinge break on we original ds . have a hard time find a decent replacement on eBay so try the use amazon route . get a good deal on a very decent use one . my son love it . better than he think he would . the 3d can be turn off . and the change control be not as much of a bother as he be worry they would be .
Video_Games	POS	5	Excelente producto , innovando en el mercando de los videojuegos y las video consola , el efecto 3d en serio vale la pena , creeme
Video_Games	POS	5	Yo . when i have a ps1 myf freind have a ` cube , so i buy a ps2 . let I tell ya honestly , there be no comparison in grafix . -lcb- gc -rrb- ps2 -rcb- I buy a cube too 'cause ps2 have the better game and ` cube have the better grafix . if anyone say that the game be kiddy , well ... I like THEM STILL !!! how han someone straitface say mario be dumb ?!?!?!?!?!?! and if yu dont believe what i say about the graphic , a quick spec comparison ought to set u strait mama mium ! Mario say xbox smell !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	buy this for my grandson for he d . he be very happy with it . it have lot of room for he system and extra game . help he to keep all he d thing together .
Video_Games	POS	5	we first question be what would we do in this game ... that question be answer fairly quickly : try not to get hurt while horseback ride through a canyon with the ground fall away underfoot , while try to catch the back of a train . Woody then take off on the mission to save orphan from a runaway train . Buzz Lightyear give lot of encouragement . then the game go to a short interlude while the toy story character be around a game board while the pig tell the story of the first adventure . he get a lot of encouragement and criticism . this game board be where you start the game after the first time . the graphic be simple but very please . the two player mode be a split screen so two player can go off in they own direction play it which be really useful since the 2yo and 5yo have vastly different idea of what they want to do . one thing they both like though be throw thing at each other , include ball , cow , and alien . in the Toy Box mode , my teenager laugh he head off and have a good time play this game . the first time he laugh outright be when he give a Pharoah hat to a alien who be then walk around like a egyptian . my 15yo also enjoy customize building . it look like you be just wander around but then mining Pete give direction to find gold and then another toy tell you to paint the town . at some point people need a haircut and you can do funny thing to other toy . the reward for complete task be immediate and gratifying . -lrb- the 15yo be disturbingly entertain by the ability to throw alien . -rrb- comic mischief be one of the tag next to the e for everyone rating . yes , my 15 yo do laugh himself silly while he be return the cow to the pen by drop they off a cliff above the pen . there be plenty of comic mischief for everyone . fairly early on , you start to be able to buy car , building , toy people , Zurg 's spaceport , and even , Zurg . in fact , the Toy Box mode seem more about acquire and arrange thing than solve a quest . the game be generous with the coin which be need to buy building and character , open up new challenge . when you buy a building , a work area open up for a minute or so and a crane show up . then the wall come down , the building be in front of you , and you get firework . people offer you job , like mini-game and you have to figure out how to solve they . it be a little disturbing to have game play interrupt by a commercial tell the child thy be now able to make purchase in the store but it do not disturb the child . it be probably a little like cereal commercial in they life , somewhat informative and thing to think about . this be a wonderful game . it entertain everyone from the 2yo and 5yo , to the teenager , to the adult in my household . there be lot of laughter .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be the game of car not that kiddy stuff like hot wheel and mario kart , dude the graphic be realistic the car be cool -lrb- well they cold have a mustang include -rrb- but if u want 2 buy a game of car and race performance this be the best u can buy .
Video_Games	POS	5	I can not even say enough about how much I love this game . if you love Michael and he music you will love this game ! the developer go all out on this game and it show . I do not even like or play dancing game but I go out and bring this one and I be blow away buy it . I love how they incorporate almost everything from Michael 's video 's and adapt it to the song . this game could of be so wrong but it come out so right ! I be glad this be not another step on stage and sync with I game . no , this game be Michael at he best do what he do best . I get the special edition with the infamous glove and it be worth it . fun to play with friend and family I can not think of a single complaint about the game . it be Michael , he music , and you dance to it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I do not know a lot about the game . I buy it for my 13 yr old son . he be a avid gamer . he request the game for he birthday so that be what he get . he really seem to enjoy it .
Video_Games	POS	5	Thise game have no perpose at all but it be addictive . you can play for hour try to get money to pay off debt or get cool furnture . this game be a must have for any gamecube . without it no gamecube pack be complete .
Video_Games	POS	4	the metal Gear solid series be not the sort of thing for everyone . it be not really intend to be a first person shooter , for starter . secondly , it be not suppose to be a perfect re-creation of reality . as it have be mention by the creator , Hideo Kojima , time and time again , if mg be a perfect simulation of reality , the hero of the series , Snake , would not last more than a few minute in all likelihood . Third , MGS be still limit by the technical limitation of the technology -lrb- which I will get to later -rrb- . and above all else , mg be about sneak , and rewarding stealthy behavior . this be a bit too -lrb- ... -rrb- retentive for most people , but for other , it be highly enjoyable . to each he own ... Anyhow , down to the good and bad random though about this game , which I finally finish early yesterday morning : I love the graphic of this game . MGS have already try to push the boundary of the Playstation hardware , and it do not fail here . there be time when there be slowdown -lrb- e.g. too many explosion and people on the screen at the same time -rrb- , but it be very rare unless you happen to be goof around try to attack a whole platoon at the same time . even the there have to be lot of explosion occur at the same time . mechanics-wise , yes , the camera be awful , and make this game so much harder to play . it do not make sense to be move around and accidentally bump into a enemy . Konami need to fix this in the next iteration of MGS , b\/c it be become a linger handicap that scare alot of people away from enjoy the game . I have read from other review though that this be not really they fault ... it be the fact that if mg be implement use a 3rd-person camera as in Splinter Cell , it would perform very poorly on the ps2 -lrb- as demonstrate by the ps2 version of splinter cell -rrb- . the game , outside of the strange quirkiness in the dialogue , have some funny dialogue to keep the player amuse from time to time . especially for the people who hate mgs2 , there be a good joke at the beginning . = -rrb- the emotional impact of the dialogue be dilute by some of the voice-acting , especially in the end . I feel that David Hayter -lrb- who voice Snake -rrb- , need to pace some of he line a little bit better , b\/c he still sound like he be read they too much . but it be a welcome thing to hear he gruff voice again . ditto for the Boss and Eva . it be hard ... american version still have alot of work to do in regard to match the quality of voice-act to they japanese counterpart . plot-wise ... mgs3 be not as interesting as the original MGS , but the gameplay more than make up for the weaker , less engaging storyline . in term of the AI ... I mean , what do people expect ? yeah , if you assassinate somebody with a sniper rifle , of course , in real life , people would be look for you and be on high alert for hour , try to hunt you down to kill you . but this be a game and thus only a imitation of the way thing `` would '' be . it be definitely a pain in this game to have to sit around for 2 + minute at a time wait for the alarm to settle down though , I think that be plenty sufficient . the AI 's actually quite aggressive when you be discover , they seem to have get smarter of attack as a group . there be some mediocre boss fight , and then there be some interesting one as well . my favorite be the one against the enemy sniper , the end . it be satisfy to figure out how to beat he . the boss here be more fun to approach than the one in mgs2 . in regard to gameplay , the camouflage can become a bit repetitive . it be unnatural , and too bad , that the player can not quickly equip a gun when wear certain uniform in this game ... that restriction should not have be put in place . the same go for the cure system . the food be just as redundant , but it be fun to hear the reaction of the character and to be challenge in find food . it may have be `` unrealistic '' in how much damage Snake could take in the game , but that be to offset the fact that eat food in the game do not help you recover health ... it only help in make sure that you regeneration rate remain high . the plethora of weapon in this new mgs3 be great . love it !! I like how the structure be alot less linear ... it be still drive by a linear story , but at least , you be give more option as to how to approach certain enemy or even simply different sequence in the game . if you do not feel like go stealthy , that be fine , you can create a bloodbath and kill everybody on a particular level . on the other hand , you can take the quiet approach . you have that freedom , whereas in the previous game , if you try to pull that , you would go down in less than a minute . cqc be a welcome addition . it be still a bit too simplistic , but the gamepad 's only get so many button on it , so I be not sure how the depth in hand-to-hand combat could be expand opon , save for maybe include some clever sfius button and stick combination ... lol . that might be sweet . maybe as a bonus Konami could enable Snake to do a dragon punch if you complete the game once or something like that . it be a good first effort into broaden what Snake can do . the knife be a nice addition . it would have be better if Snake could kill people who be knock out on the ground with one stroke , but hey , at least a knife be include in this game . the cqc knife 's a little bit too sensitive , if you be clumsy it be too easy to kill people by accident when try to interrogate they at time , at least when you be first try to learn . the u.s version do not include a cut-scene theater , which be a shame . = -lrb- all in all , I would not go so far as to call this the `` best game ever make , '' but it be fun , enjoyable , and I look forward to future release in mg or whatever it be go to be call .
Video_Games	POS	4	sometimes lag but its worth i think . . i can play black op in the ps3 by use mouse and keyboard
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great game . its very fun and I will miss it . one thing that i do not know be that it be 3d capable . I try it with my Panny st30 55 in . and I love the 3d .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I agree 100 % , two step backwards , total waste of money . I feel like I just spend $ 60 on a really LONG , BORING movie that let you pretend you in it for a while . never should have let Infinity Ward go , treyarch suck . 1 : the soundtrack , `` cut to '' scene and the sound quality make I feel like I be play the original playstation one , aweful , just aweful , it be like they know they could make this game for 10 cent a pop and sell it for 60 buck . 2 : Graphics and story be sub-par , and remind I of the trailer ; spotty , flashy and over all too soon , but then there more , then more , then more , and you leave there wonder when you actually get to play the game instead of watch unemotional scene of spit the f word at shadow in a office while tie to a chair . they should have add a trophy for nausea : realize that when a game only take 50 mb its because there be no game . 3 : Zombie co-op : see as how they leave Infinity Ward in the dark on this one , there be no local co-op awesomeness this time ... just overdo zombie level ... snooze ... it be funny and interesting for all of twenty minute . even though it be a okay zombification of the game there be only one difficulty level and well ... it be be do , so ... way to beat a dead horse , lol . 4 : Multiplayer : so you can modify you own personal tag for online play ... cricket ... cricket ... ITS the EXACT SAME ONLINE AS mw2 , with a few small ` nobody care ' change , that could have be make to mw2 with a free patch . why do everyone defend this game base on its multiplayer , that be just beyond I . what could have be a free patch , just cost 60 dollar to a lot of gamer , and right before the release of two game company actually spend time on Need for speed : HOT PURSUIT and Gran Turismo 5 . 5 : I would re-price this at 19.99 if I personally be involve in the selling of it .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the game might be worth 4 star out of 5 . for most people it be probably great . let 's start with the UI . it be okay . not great but okay . the kinect really kind require different menu 's than something like the Wii - option have to be bigger and they should not be close to each other since it be way to easy to select something wrong with it if they be . and the icon need to be self explanatory . unfortunately this program do not follow those guideline very well . the UI be perfectly serviceable after you get use to it , do not get I wrong ... but be ready to select a lot of thing wrong until then use the Kinect . onto the workout . they be not too bad . I be okay with they and I be certain that the person that this title be aim at will be very tired when get do with a session . on the other hand I have be do daily workout with the Wii Fit for three year , ea Sports active for about 1.5 year and the gym for a year . I be not in that category and so I barely sweat ... at least as far as the program have go so far - it may very well get harder as I go . on the other hand , I love the tech - the body scan be useful . and the ability to control the program as you be work out with you voice be just plain cool . the program offer good feedback as you work out that be appropriate to the movement you be make . so for the right person this be a 4\/5 star . for I it be a 3\/5 .
Video_Games	POS	5	the Wii be a great electronic device that help the family play together . unlike other console -lrb- we love those too -rrb- , the Wii encourage player to stand up and move . we have a house rule , while play the Wii , everyone have to stand up . the handheld remote work well from any position , seat , lay down , etc. , but the fun be in the motion . there be a variety of software game available . we especially love the sport because it reinforce healthy competition with each other . I really do not think we 'll ever get tire of it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	get a refund , as have many other . have nothing but problem with this game , and be very disappointed . I do not think they could ever fix all the bug and glitch in it if they try ! nothing like Dungeon siege 1 or 2 .
Video_Games	POS	5	I grow up in the day of Balder 's gate , Morrowind , Oblivion , Diablo 1 & 2 ... . Fallout 2 be definitely my most favorite game of that time . if any of you want to take a step back in time to see the history in the Fallout series , this be the best one to take you on that journey . Fallout 1 be hard to play after you have play Fallout 2 . Fallout Tactics be a game play style unlike any other Fallout so I never get in to it . the first hour be relatively boring because you be simply learn how to play the game . but - as soon as you come out of the cave and hit Arroyo - the game unfold incredibly . there be plenty of new and awesome game come out that I will no doubt play however , this one will always remain in my arsenal . I will never forget how this game shaped part of my teen year and some day i will play it again to reminisce . to this day i still view new skill I learn in real life as perk ; -rrb- + more and more thing I learn in the real world ... I be just gain experience point ! hah hah !
Video_Games	POS	5	this game remind I of the original , which I play as a kid . the graphic be update and Nintendo have add a new twist , master quest . master quest can be play after defeat the game the first time . it follow the same story as the original but be quite a bit more difficult to solve . overall though , the game be just as great as the original on the n64 version . if you have a 3d , get this game .
Video_Games	POS	4	I really love this game . I can not say much more than that . the depth in this game be phenomenal , and you can apply all the creativity you can muster to make you very own creation . fantastic level , all operate differently , essentially bring 5 game into the one . each game be able to be play by themself , or concurrently - and I swear I be so addict to this game that when I wake up in the morning I can see Spore creation dance in front of my eye . there be some downfall - there appear to be problem with operate on a mac - and many people be upset over this . I understand where they be come from , Spore be tout to be Mac friendly - however I be way to much in love to have this ruin we relationship . I 'll be install Windows on my Mac just so I can play , whilst I wait for ea to come up with a fix for the Mac . I would highly recommend this game to anyone who love they life sim , or they creation sim .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have not play the single player mission yet , but play the bf3 multi-player have be a blast . I have not go back to COD mw3 since .
Video_Games	NEG	1	i be 16 hour into this game , and be very close to finish . i enjoy it a lot up to this point . but i can not recommend this game to anyone , and i can only hope to steer clear any that try and buy this . after complete the slaughterhouse i go back to iri hq . funny thing be i be able to walk through double hh , which i thought be odd because he be usually in the way . well that be the last i saw of he . he never appear again so i can not finish the game . -lrb- ... -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	2	it do not suck I in and I do not like that you have to start whole section over if you do not make certain check-point .
Video_Games	POS	5	my young kid and I really enjoy this game system . it get they up and move instead of just sit and move they thumb around . we be not a family of hard core gamer , and this system be a perfect fit for we .
Video_Games	POS	5	I can only comment on my experience with the game , but I really enjoy it . as a old-school Duke Nukem 3D fan for many year now , I think Duke Nukem Forever be a good game and live up to my expectation . I do pay less than $ 10 for the game and that may have something to do with my high rating , but overall , I be pleased that I purchase this game and will pick up the DLC for it as well -lrb- once it come down in price a little -rrb- . I do wish the game do not have a checkpoint system and allow I to save at any time , but the checkpoint be frequent enough that I do not really mind repeat short section over again when I die . the boss battle can be a little frustrating at time , but not any more than other game I have play . even though the game could be longer -lrb- I still put more hour into the single player campaign of dnf than any Modern Warfare title -rrb- , it be fast pace , have unique level , and provide variety to the gameplay by give you a chance to do other thing instead of just constant , repetitive shooting -lrb- the monster truck sequence and the level where you be shrink come to mind -rrb- . if you be -lrb- be -rrb- a fan of Duke Nukem 3d and enjoy all the little thing that make that game special , you will not be disappoint with this one .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you be angry about the violent and sexual content in this game , there be one easy way to make it all go away ... . do not buy the freak game ! it say right on the front of the box , rate m for MATURE , AGES 17 and up . if you buy this for you 9 year old and you catch he blow up hooker , it be you own fault for buy it for he . and by the way , about the Hot Coffee mod ... if you kid can go on the internet , search around enough , find the mod , download it , and install it , then he be probably be look at porn already .
Video_Games	POS	5	as a long time tekken fan I be happy to write the newest installment be awesome . first off the character model be very polished -lrb- maybe a little too much . -rrb- however the environment have incredible detail . online play be alot more fluid this time around . you do not lose connection via mic when battle online . they have also add a new ranking system . offline play offer the same mode as usual . Story mode be back this year and its as boring as ever . I wish they would bring back bowling . there be 5 new character . I be very impressed with the new fighting style these character bring . there be new feautre as the bounce technique . this be where during a combo you can bounce you opponent against the ground to continue a juggle . also weapon have be add but only as a combo finisher -lrb- except for yoshimitsu . -rrb- overall I strongly recommend this game to any hardcore fight fan . the depth and detail be awesome !
Video_Games	POS	4	I buy this controller to use with a sne emulator on a Mac . after a quick and easy set up the controller work really well . it be not as well construct as the original because it kind of feel cheap but it work well and be a good enough value to merit 4 star . btw - it work for classic ne emulation as well but I find the postion on the a and b button to be just different enough for I to splurge for a classic ne controller .
Video_Games	POS	5	just get the Sharpshooter & it be a must have if u have killzone3 & if ur get Socom 4 ... take time to get use 2 but be great once u learn
Video_Games	POS	4	I have really enjoy this game . a comic fan at heart , I be impressed with the world that have be create and get to see and work with the hero and villian of the DCU . character generation be simple enough to be easy , but with enough choice to get a original look . the only downside be the control . this game be design with pc and console game in mind , so some of the control take a bit of time to get use to . but once learn , thing go smoothly . I would encourage people to give it a try .
Video_Games	POS	4	try to control the plane with you computer keyboard can be very difficult . other than that the game be totally awesome . all though I think they make the flight control a little more flimsy which can account for make it hard to control some of the plane in the game . even with these setback , I love Microsoft Flight Sim 2004 . the detail be more realistic than other version of the Flight Simulator . I take off from the Salt Lake City international airport and actually manage to land a 737 on the landing strip in Las Vegas . the 737 be my favorite plane because once you up in the air , you can put the plane into autopilot and sit to enjoy the view . have read the flight manual for the Boeing 737 , I can say that all the control be right where they suppose to on the plane . I also like to set the weather to thunderstorm . I find it more interesting to see lighting storm go on under I when I be 35,000 foot up ! if you look into take fly lesson this game will defiantly reminder you , there be a lot more to fly than just get the plane up in the air . Flight Simulator 2004 will give you a sure opportunity to fine tune you fly skill .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be the controller that the PS3 should have have from the start . the Sixaxis controller can not compare to it . besides have the rumble capability , the Dualshock 3 weigh about 40 % more and feel much more solid than the Sixaxis . battery life be excellent . I charge it every couple of week . if you own a PS3 , then this be the controller to have .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game come on the estimate delivery date and in new condition as describe . Pretty decent game , maybe a 7\/10 . I have no rpg for PS3 and since I play a previous star ocean title on ps2 , think I would give this one a shot .
Video_Games	POS	5	this version do not use the nunchuk . yay ! I have give up on game that use the nunchuk so this be a great change . the workout be vigorous , and there be some new fun activity that make you forget how much you be squat and jump . I agree with other who say that it be irritating that the remote and balance board lose contact and have to be turn back on even though they be not use for most activity .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I buy this game -lrb- pc version -rrb- for the purpose of play the single version . I do pre-order and receive the game at $ 49 . even at this price it be not worth it for less than 6 hour of game play . I be sure I be in the minority as most people buy this game for the on line experience . with slow internet I do not play on line . you experience play on line may or may not justify what you pay for it , but from a single player perspective it be not worth the price I pay . you would think that there would be more mission , longer game play -lrb- for example half life 2 ?? might be stretch it , my not be practical , though you might get my idea -rrb- . I be probably not the one to comment about on line play , but at least I would think you experience would be different each time vs other on line player even though you may be limit by the number of map . single player in these type of game I know do not leave you much in imaginative way to fight the enemy . you be pretty much assign to the aus of the game . I be 55 year old and maybe a little old school on what I think something be worth but I do not understand why game developer can not add more content to the single player side of the house . even though game have get better over the year -lrb- graphic , sound , etc -rrb- the length of a game seem to have get shorter in some instance . in my naivety I think I be get the extra map in my pre-order version but find out they be for the on line game only . then again maybe I miss something in the description of the game . this game in single version would probably be worth $ 29.95 to I -lrb- probably should have wait -rrb- . not a `` bad '' game to play -lrb- Graphics , sound , AI be good -rrb- but I feel price be start to get carry away and this game be not worth $ 50 - $ 60 in my opinion .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be one my favorite . the graphic and detail be good and quite entertaining . it seem that the game be innitially create with younger people in mind , but I be 22 and I enjoy play . it start out easier at the begin like most game and gradually get more challenging as you work up the higher level . there be some level which still kick my butt -- I be ashamed to admit . what I like about it be there be a lot of free range adventure where Spyro be able to roam about seek out hidden treasure and place . not everything you look for be readily obvious . I would recommend this game for anybody who like adventure and level type fantasy game without all the blood and gut . it be also a really great game for kid as there be no profanity or anything of the like involve .
Video_Games	POS	4	just get the game . the bad guy keep win . look for a guidebook to give I some clue on how to keep I alive and win . it a big game universe . do not plan on finish any time soon ...
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a very fun and highly detailed game . it be the best flight simulator there be I think . if you know how sofisticated Windows 7 be , just think of something as sofisticated as Windows xp as a video game and it will let you know how many detail be in this game . you can go from easy , medium , and hard difficulty . hard be basically a real rendition of fly a real plane . Easy be pretty much cake in the mission until you get halfway . I just put it on medium and thing like wind and descent rate be make I crash like crazy , and I have be play this game for a couple year now . the funny thing be , I really enjoy fly jet because they be the funnest and easiest thing to fly I think . well next to the Ultralight anyway . another funny thing be that the Helicopters be extremely hard to fly . I still can not get past the helicopter mission even on easy . it always fly out of control and then crash whenever I try to turn it . maybe it be just I but they be extremely hard to fly . the good thing about this game be free flight . you can fly from one destination to another destination airport . it be pretty fun because you have to stop in town to refuel and stuff , but I still have not figure that out . I enjoy just fly around and then crash into a lake or something . it be cool to see the different scene . I once fly from like Washington to Alaska and you can tell the different state because Alaska have a lot of tree and snow and stuff . overall , this game be really fun and enjoyable to everyone I think over the age of something like 10 . forget all those black op game and stuff like that just poison the mind , pick this game up , you will not regret it . I have the deluxe version , but if I be you I would pick up the gold edition with the Acceleration pack . I think it have a few more mission which be great and a couple more airplane . I wish they would just create a flight Simulator XI already because this game be get pretty date with the graphic . I be sure they can create way better graphic and maybe different mission . but for now , this game be fantastic !
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have to be honest in say that I have fun do those . . I have to also say that I hate be LOST . . literally lost . because of bad direction . . and no compass on the screen . . so you do not know where the heck you be , or be go . . LITERALLY hour of real time game play . . just be lose . I have to say honestly that if I have not discover the mod , and fast travel cheat , I would have toss it out after the first few try . .
Video_Games	POS	5	Nintendo . when you hear the word you automatically think of videogame . why be that you may ask , because the rock the industry in the 80 's and 90 's take down all competition that stand in the way -lrb- atarus , NEC , SEGA , NEOGEO , PANASONIC ETC -rrb- why be it that none of those company produce videogame system no more , because of the software they have , there target market and the fact they couldnt be trust like nintendo . now onto today issue , why choose a gamecube ? well let see there 1st party game be all classic and the newer title from there second party be unbelievable . need some example well let start with zelda , the best rpg to date for about 17 year this game have be go strong , just get better , next we have metroid prime which have the best graphic of any game for any system . they we have we best friend Mario in mario sunshine , along with he brother Luigi in Luigis mansion . then we have mario party , super smash brother , waverace , pikmin , eternal darkness , animal cross , mickey mouse in magical mirror , NBA courtside . in that group alone metroid prime win game of the year in america and zelda win game of the year in japan . so this be the ultimate gaming machine when it come to game . as for adult title that isue be now dead , nintendo have so many now , resident evil 0,1,2,3,4 , eternal darkness , dead to rights , die hard , and bmx xxx which contain nudity and yet the ps2 which supposedly have all adult game take out the nudity . hmmm real adult sony . as for the system itself it come in three color as of right now , other color that may come out be orange , magenta , and gold which show we nintendo likes to give we option to express ourselves and match we room a appliance . the controller be by far better fitting and more responsive than the ps2 and x box one and yea i know this cause i have use all three , it have about 200 game so far , not as big as ps2 but ps2 have be out a year earlier then the cube , and x box have a pitifull showing of game so far . as for add on you have a broadband and dial up modem , for use with phantasy star so far , you can hook up you game boy advance to the cube to swap information or use the gba as a controller , and finally they be make the game boy advance player which hook up to the bottom of the cube so you can play all you gameboy game on tv , so now you have over a thousand game to choose from , much larger than sony . the system use minus dvd to stop pirate company from bootleg nintendo software , which be good so that nintendo can keep there price low on game . this system do not play dvd and that a good thing cause you be buy a vidogame system not a dvd player . and finally the cost of the system be 150 buck as compare to the competitior at 200 . also nintendo be the first company to produce a actuall wireless controller that work call the wavebird , which be a must have , this thing work throw wall and the battery last over 100 hour . above all else why this system , its simple really a huge variety of game for child a adult as compare to the competitor who focus only on adult , as well as a company we all grow up on and that we can trust , and as for the future of game , you have metroid prime 2 , kirby air ride , mario golf , mario tennis , too human , animal crosing 2 , pikmin2 another zelda and the game that will rock the world mario kart . so go get one now , and as for all the other fanboy for the other system , NINTENDO SALES be up , the mature game be here now , most people dont CARE ABOUT ONLINE GAMES SO you can shove that garbage , SONYS TITLES and MICROSOFTS be horrible as COMPARED to NINTENDO TITLES so give up the trash talk . when u hear of ps2 all you hear about be well we get gta3 and vice city , well congrat to you , you have 2 good game . and microsoft all you hear be we have halo , and halo 2 be come soon , well congrat to you and you 2 game . metroid prime destroy halo and gta vice city in the graphic and gameplay department , and prime 2 will destroy halo 2 and anything else sony can get exclusive for they . wow i destroy all 4 of there good game with 2 good game , i should use the rest to crush you heart like resident evil 0 , and one graphic which annihalate x box graphic and wait until part4 be out then what will be the excuse and ps2 have no good game to even compare those game too , not even devil may cry . so in close nintendo own this industry hand down .
Video_Games	POS	5	the xbox 360 be arguably one of the most popular console of recent memory , with even Hollywood film and television series make reference to `` the Xbox '' or show play the console in some manner . the console 's main advantage over its predecessor be the ergonomically design controller . whereas the original Xbox feature a rather large controller similar to that of the Sega Dreamcast , the xbox 360 feature a much smaller , yet larger than the PS3 , design that incorporate easy to use trigger and concave thumbstick which provide better overall grip than the PS3 's analog stick do . however , one thing have always be a little `` off '' about the controller . despite its overall design be praise left and right by consumer and gaming professional alike , one drawback have be constantly present whenever one discuss the xbox 360 controller and that be its directional pad . the PlayStation controller have always provide one of the best fitting , and most useful , d-pad on a controller to date . however , Microsoft go the route of the Sega Genesis , and utilize more a disc design for they d-pad . the result : a awkward design that do not respond as intend . press `` up '' can sometimes be interpret by the controller as a `` up-forward '' make on screen avatar move in the wrong direction . this controller promise to try to alleviate the problem , and it work , to a degree . the controller provide a much easier to press directional pad which allow the user to ensure that he\/she be indeed press the desire direction properly . it do not move as fluidly as the PS3 d-pad do , but when compare to the previous iteration of the xbox 360 controller , it do provide a much better overall response for each direction . if the user decide to play the game with the traditional disc that the 360 use , a simple twist of the d-pad convert it back it to its regular form . overall , the controller provide a better directional pad than previous version of the controller , with slightly improved response from the four major direction : up , leave , right , and down . however , if a user be expect PS3 level responsiveness , than they may be disappoint . the color scheme be a nice touch to the controller , provide a overall classy , and sleek design .
Video_Games	POS	5	pro : really great game . it have a really different art style that be interesting . the plot make sense . and the game of the year edition come with a map , -lrb- which isnt really helpful , but on the other side be a poster -rrb- all addon for the game and beta access to Duke Nukem : forever -lrb- which I havnt try -rrb- . the game style be kind of interesting , it be a different spin on rpg . when you think of rpg , you think of Zelda , those kind of game . but it be really a first person Shooter , mix with a role play game . also , there be over 1 million different gun . you 'll never find the same gun twice . when you find a better one , you just keep it and sell you old one . con : not enough ammo , it seem like there just be not ever enough ammo . I guess it just make the game more interesting . I guess that be not really a con . this game be a must buy if you friend have it . even if they do not , still I would highly recommend it .
Video_Games	POS	5	the Starter Bundle make it quick and easy for those who already have a PS3 to get a idea of what move be about . depend on what you already have on you PS3 and of what\/how you be plan to play , all you may need could be just the move controller and nothing else or you may want to order some additional controller instead of this bundle . if you do not have a PS3 , then the  PlayStation 3 320GB System with PlayStation move bundle  what you get , what else you MAY NEED\/WANT briefly , this be what you get in with this bundle and I will make it very short because there be a lot of info . at the Amazon page : \* move controller , of course \* PlayStation Eye camera -lrb- must have for the move to work -rrb- \* Sports Champions -lrb- Ping Pong be simply awesome , some of the game play much better with a second controller -rrb- \* a disc with demo which should be available at the PSN store as well depend on how you be plan to play you game , this be what you do not get but may end up buy eventually : - one more additional move controller -lrb- some game will either require two controller or will play better with two -rrb- - Navigation Controller -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- you can use the DualShock in you left hand but it feel weird -rrb- - one or more extra usb wire if you do not have enough already to charge you new controller -lrb- s -rrb- or - dedicate charger , especially if you have more than one move controller and\/or Navigation controller -lrb- s -rrb- go for the starter bundle or not ? the Motion Controller and the PS Eye be the minimum need to bring ` move ' to a any PS3 console . no exception . if you already have a PS Eye then the controller alone be the only purchase necessary . on the other hand , to fully enjoy certain game , you may want two move controller . this starter bundle make sense if you do not have the Eye already and you be into the type of game that Sports Champions have . you could still get it and then sell the Eye if you already have one . the same go for the Sports Champions . it come seal so you can sell it as ` new ' and recover some fund in the process . move 's motion controller the Wikipedia have a very thorough review of the technology inside the controller - impressive . it be probably worth go there to get a idea of what be under the hood . from a user 's point of view , the move could be view as approximately the right side of the DualShock 3 where the motion tracking function be the r3 analog stick , r1 be the move button and the r2 become the move 's t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . you also get the 4 square\/circle\/x \/ Triangle , in a square -lrb- not ` diamond ' -rrb- formation , the PS button as well as the START and SELECT . so far , the most used button during gameplay be the move and the t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . in addition , you get a wrist strap . at the opposite end of the microphone-shaped move there be a usb mini-b port for charge and another port that seem to be proprietary - must investigate . the controller be quite substantial as far as both size and weight - I like that and like its be shape in a way that make it easy to grab and hold . very much like a microphone or a very thick magic wand ; NOT a remote control . base on my experience so far , move 's ability to track you motion far surpass anything that I be aware of in the gaming universe . every single movement , up\/down , left\/right , toward\/away and wrist rotation be accurately capture and almost instantly reflect on the screen and so be acceleration that would usually translate as ` force ' in game such as sword fight or ping pong . in addition , there be haptic -lrb- tactile\/rumble -rrb- feedback , a little too weak in the game I play so far , make the gaming experience that much more realistic . I be not write a lot about the Eye camera because ... it be just there and it be not the subject of this review . for as long as it can see you , it simply do its part so that you may enjoy you game . the GAME Sports Champions consist of 6 separate event where you play through one of the available character either against the other character provide by the game or against another player - will need a second move controller for that . as expect , there be level of difficulty , medal and various bonus . ping pong show move 's nothing short of amazing ability to track its controller position in 3d space and , better , even detect move such as wrist rotation and to track acceleration as ` force ' and do it in real time . play Ping Pong be challenging , fun , frustrating and addictive . my entire arm , from wrist all the way up to the neck hurt already and I be not even do with the bronze medal challenge yet -lrb- almost there -rrb- . ARCHERY be probably second most popular , at least in we household . we like it because , unlike PING PONG , we do not sweat a lot while play it . ARCHERY be also one of the 3 include game that make it quite clear that you will be much better off with two Motion Controllers . some of the challenge look quite cheesy - shooting at float money bag but we have spend some time play it and it be likely that we be go to play some more in the future . the GLADIATOR sword fight game , even more than ARCHERY would benefit from two Motion Controllers - one for the sword\/axe and a second for a shield . with one controller only , you must pull the trigger to raise and use you shield or use the sword otherwise . yes , Sony give we button but the game be ten time more realistic when you actually push you shield forward the way you would actually do it in real life rather than pull the trigger to raise the shield and , at the same time push the move button while make a ` push ' motion . BOCCE ... ever play it ? I have a couple of time . Plays well with one controller but it can be a little boring . good simulation . FRISBEE golf be not bad . actually play it in real life on the course we have at the nearby state park . it be a little slow but it be good relaxation after you sweat yourself out on PING PONG or GLADIATOR . VOLLEYBALL , again , can be so much better with two Motion Controllers . also , be careful if you play in a room with low ceiling or anything that hang from the ceiling like a ceiling fan or a priceless crystal candelabrum . consider that Sports Champions be a early game , my expectation be not that high but , surprisingly , Ping Pong exceed my expectation . I have be play real Ping Pong ever since I be 11 or 12 so I probably know what I be talk about and the move version of Ping Pong be GOOD . as for the other ... sword fight , not so good . Archery be okay , Bocce be so-so , Frisbee Golf not too bad . for the game I have play so far , this be not a couch experience . on the Sports event I be sweating after a few minute and my move arm be now hurt from the wrist all the way up to the neck . MY RATING it be 5 star for the technical merit , ease of setup and for the overall experience . hopefully , lot of good game will be come quickly .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you have a XBOX 360 you have to own Halo 3 ! it be a incredible game both in game play and graphic . it be clear that XBOX want to make this the feature game just like Mario be for the Nintendo . the game be easy to play and have several difficulty level . I find the game challenge enough on the easiset level and be able to beat it even move up a level . however the most difficult level be just to hard for I -lrb- I be a very casual gamer -rrb- . this be my favorite out of the 3 halo , my only complaint be the game be too short .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a great game ! but for all you who say `` this be awsome and 4 people can play to ! '' well it be alternate . but still one of the best game . I mean you get to love it . it be the very first gamecube game ! but it be great . runny around live life the way you want . you get to fish , hunt bug , plant tree , exspand you house , send mail to you animal & multiplayer friend , put stuff on a bulitin board ! and a hole lot more . I hope this be a good review ! Gotenks ssj3
Video_Games	NEG	2	so I be a long standing fan of the Super Smash Bros series . I play the first game and its what get I hook on the series and the second one be just as well make and think out . it be a game series that perfect the strategic fighting genre where you could ambush you enemy use the terrain against they and create all kind of manic mayhem . that be say I would have to say of the series melee be probably my favorite , the level design throughout the series have always be incredible and one of the main focus 's of the game . . the new game seem a little bit off unfortunately , in the previous series different character really have a distinct feel to they when you play they they jump differently move differently , fall differently some of they be even just harder to kill due to how the AI control they , for instance I and my friend always use to comment on how Fox 's greatest strength be that he would not die and be rediculously hard to kill . one of the first thing i notice about brawl be how different the camera be compare to the previous game . the camera be much farther out in this game make you character much smaller in the scheme of thing , this isnt really a change I like but it wasnt a game killer . one of the other thing I find frustrate about the game be that alot of the character and button mapping have be tweak to simplify the game it seem . . now that be say I no longer have game cube controller to play this on and the game didnt really feel right be play with the wius mote or even the wius classic controller . maybe im alone in this but the entire game feel slightly off in comparison to the last two game . the level seem less innovative and more frantic , the stupid float ship level for instance be rediculous , Alot of the new character didnt really feel unique or engaging from any of the other character currently in the game . yes I can say that this game have its fun momment and it be fun to play a few time when company and friend be over , but Melee for I be scathingly addictive and every character be fun to play and really learn how they work and how they feel to control . this game as a whole feel like less time and effort be put into it , it feel like they just throw it together and new that people would line up and buy it . SO basically I would say this game be only fun if you have 3 or 4 people to play it with you otherwise its pretty boring . the other two feel pretty solid and have some what of a entertaining single player experience and feel to they .
Video_Games	POS	5	just to let you all know , I have play the japanese version of the Crystal game . and , put simply , it be a great game . it have several new feature that make it seem much more `` real '' . you mother have a friend over when you walk out of you room at the beginning . Professor Elm be now work at a computer and get the message from Mr. Pokemon right as you visit he . the Pokemon all have neat little animation you see when you run into they . some new item , the chance to catch Celebi , and be able to be a girl all make it more fun . -lrb- and , eh-heh , the girl be quite the looker for supposedly be ten year old . -rrb- as yellow do to Red and Blue , a mixture of the g\/s pokemon be find in Crystal . I advise any die-hard fan -lrb- or even those that just want a new game to test -rrb- pick it up and give it a shot .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I play this game until chapter 12 -lrb- 13 chapter total -rrb- and I can not continuous to play because it be too boring . good : 1 . very beautiful graphic . the cut scene be awesome . 2 . lightning voice be very good in English version . 3 . the new battle system work well . 4 . the strategy guide be very beautiful . con : 1 . the story be bore . I like the ff7 and ff10 better . the graphic be beautiful but miss a good story behind 2 . the game play be too simple . basically , you just keep move forward . keep hit the `` x '' button during the battle . you might need to change the battle mode once a while . imagine you keep do this for 60-80 hour . 3 . after you win the game , you use you point\/experience to build up you character . upgrade the character take lot of extra time and effort . 4 . over all , the game have no surprise in storyline and the game play be just too boring . you just repeat to do the something until the game finish .
Video_Games	POS	5	the early generation of controller be make of some kind of plasticy glossy slippery material , and it be a struggle to keep the controller in you hand , but this controller be different . it have like a matte finish which will fit firmly in you hand and when you be play aggressive game where you have to screw the analog stick ; like Street Fighter , Fifa , tekken . . etc , the controller will not slip out of you hand . I would definitely recommend this if you have and older dualshock 3 , because they have change alot since they first come out .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be my first game for the Wii . I buy it because of the great review and be not disappoint . there be plenty do do , lot of place to explore and thing to collect , and so far the challenge -lrb- battle and minigame -rrb- have be ok . some of these require several try to complete , but that be to be expect . the complex sequence -lrb- where do I go from here ? -rrb- that come up be pretty obscure , but help be available all over the internet . even with a good walkthrough , the game be plenty challenge for my ability . in fact , I be stick at the part where you escort a wagon that get set on fire . every time you lose at this task , you hear the scream of the girl inside be burn alive . this be too much for I . the control for the Wii be intuitive for the most part , and I have be able to adapt to the rest . although some people have complete it in relatively short time , it be more fun for I to take my time and explore .
Video_Games	POS	5	buy it for my son because he live alone and want something to do at night besides watch tv . he have always play video game , since Atari , and I know hh would want the xbox . so , early Christmas gift . he love it !
Video_Games	POS	5	I have play the other 3 sport game for kinect and this one be by far the best . the reason why it be the best be because of the interface . it be easy to navigate the game . the other one have horrible menu navigation . my kid -lrb- 5 & 9 -rrb- have trouble navigate the other game . also the sport you play in this one be perfect . Bowling be by far my favorite . I be curious to see how well the Brunswick Bowling game will be when it come out in March 2011 .
Video_Games	NEU	3	this be a amazing game , up until the point where software bug prevent the player -lrb- i.e. I -rrb- from continue the adventure . therefore , since only about 2\/3rds of the game be available for I to play I rate it no greater than 2\/3rds of the maximum . I 'll just mention the bug without use any spoiler . you 'll eventually encounter a cavern that you must enter and do something , but if you save after enter this cavern and then restart a confirm glitch in the game will prevent you from ever leave . I be incredibly disgusted with this situation and be not yet do deal with Nintendo because they solution be to start over from scratch or from a earlier save record if one be available . if I have it to do over again I would wait for a second release of this game , like a `` Player 's Choice '' release because it be likely that will contain a update build of the game with bug fix . you may also want to consider the Gamecube build because I have read account where people say that the bug be fix for the Gamecube release . this situation and other that I recently have have with Nintendo product have seriously dent the reputation for quality that the company use to have .
Video_Games	POS	4	I have be play spore on a friend 's computer -lrb- my laptop be not old by a long shot , but I do not think it could handle it -rrb- and just reach the Tribal phase after hour of play . many reviewer have suggest that the first two stage of the game be much too short , and I agree that the cell phase be -lrb- they could have make that more in-depth , even have another Aquatic Creature phase in between -rrb- , but I think the land-based Creature phase be sufficiently long . it take awhile to explore all my option and I be sure I miss plenty of detail . surprising thing happen like volcano erupt and ufo come to abduct the poor primitive species of my planet -lrb- amusing look into the future when I can do that ! -rrb- . spore do not have quite the same sense of humor -lrb- at least not yet -rrb- as the Sims , but it certainly have element of it . little quirk and detail can result in some really funny thing happen if you take time to notice . I love take time to really make elaborate and unique modification to my creature . if you be not in the mood to be creative , it do not really affect the effectiveness of you animal . you can modify it for look , or just quickly stick on the change you want and go . even at the cellular stage , there be room to be distinctive . my friend make a little amoeba that look quite different from mine even with what seem like limited option . and once on dry land , the variety be freakish and astonishing . I never see another life form that even remotely resemble mine in the least of way . this be a colorful , cheerful , goofy game . I think that be a good thing . I believe it could have be more complex\/slightly less childlike , but I be not hugely disappointed . lovely appearance and really fun to personalize . but I do think it take a certain type of personality to really enjoy Spore to its full extent . those who say this be not a replayable game or be only amusing for a few hour ... no offense , but I think it indicate a certain lack of imagination . which be fine , it be just that this be not the sort of game for you . if you could play by yourself with doll or action figure for hour as a kid , come up with endless story and scenario , build environment and prop for they ... Spore be probably you kind of thing . I understand concern regard the DRM , but most of the review bash it state that the reviewer refuse to buy the game on account of it . if you have not play the game , how can you review it ? it be certainly valid to protest it and make you opinion know , but that do not constitute a critique of the game 's content . it be as if J.K. Rowling decide to donate all the proceeds from Harry Potter to a organization you hate on moral principle , so you write a Amazon review of she last book say the book be terrible without have read it . yes , you be refuse to buy it for a good reason , but you can not actually have anything worthwhile to say about the plot of the book itself . violently beat down the star rating of a product because of the politics surround it be childish and obsessive . I disregard out of hand any review which `` review '' without have play .
Video_Games	POS	5	great controller . win 7 x64 system recognize it and immediately download the current driver from Microsoft . work great so far and be a lot easier on the hand and arm than play with a mouse and keyboard all the time . just buy the Xbox 36o controller instead of the higher price 360 controller for window .
Video_Games	POS	5	the graphic be to die for ...  the monster be so ... well MONSTERS ! ...  id have do it again ... -lrb- and I be just talk about the 3 level in the alpha , the full game be go to be amazing -rrb-  no other fp game come close ...  there be so many realistic property that have be add ... -lrb- ie . when you get maul by a monster ... you view be abruptly adjust acordingly ... -rrb- some monster when kill `` Slide Down Stairs '' and can I kicked\/pushed around the room ...  some monster crawl very fast and leap 15 foot ... cause even a trained vet to loose he cool ...  what else can I say ... `` it be just so beautiful ! '' ...
Video_Games	POS	5	pokemon Crystal be so cool . on that game you get to choose a boy or a girl . now girl player do not have to be a boy . also the pokemon move in that game . so when you look at you pokemon , they be move . I think this be the coolest game . this be my review
Video_Games	NEG	1	I could not wait to buy this game , but now I be go to . the DRM be reprehensible and I will not purchase until it be go .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have have this wius go on almost 2 year now and it still work great . I receive my wius even earlier than expect . I bring this gaming system for my 5 year old but the game seem a little to complicate for she to play on she own so I then bring she a nintendo ds . she have not play with the wius since . so if you be look for something that have more kid friendly game the NINTENDO d be definitely the way to go . she play it almost everday . its great for drive time or keep she busy at home . and they also have great educational game for young kid . but I will say that the wius have be great fun time with friend and family at home .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this for my 5 and 7 year old girl , and we have 5 boy between 4 and 8 at we house and all of they love this game . very fun and aerobic , and all the adult love it too . I recommend it ! Great for family night !
Video_Games	NEG	1	note : this be not a review of the game , rather of the amazon\/ea install process . you might consider buy it elsewhere . I purchase this through Amazon and run they installer . it download the full 7.4 gig folder to you computer . when the download finish 5 hour later it go to install . that then launch the ea\/origin system to authorize the key and install . it accept my key from Amazon but would not install the game . it make I redownload the whole thing again . so now 10 hour go and 15gig of bandwidth -lrb- yes some people have to pay for `` excessive '' download -rrb- and I be hope it will actually install . come on Amazon and ea ! get you shite together . yes , I try cancel the ea download and re-run the install file from the Amazon install , but the ea\/origin system keep refuse to continue .
Video_Games	POS	5	all u guy who say halo be mediocre and stuff like that be absoulutly crazy ... the game be light year better then halo , not diss it or anything but come on . all u guy who write all that stuff be big complainer . I would give this game and all of its merchendise five million star ... ne way halo rock like no other and if u say gta be better u be insane .
Video_Games	NEG	2	one of the first game that I ever play on my Tandy 1000Ex in the late 1980 's be the original Kings Quest . I fall in love with the series and from that point on a common Christmas present for I be acquire Parts II , III , iv and v when they come out . unfortunatly I still have the old Tandy when Part V come out and I have to purchase a new computer to enjoy the game . since I play these game since I be a kid I feel that I have some idea about it and a lot of feeling towards this series . the truth be I love it and over the year I have use various program to play my old game on Windows xp . this release disappoint I for several reason which I will list here : 1 . the original version of Kings Quest 1 be not available on this release . that ruin this entire box set becuase the interface between the remake version from 1990 and the original Kings Quest 2 -lrb- both of which be include in this box set -rrb- be so different that it ruin the flow of the game . include the original version would have take up very little space on the CD 's and make this a complete set . this be akin to own a set of movie a owning all of they except for the first film . the first movie be almost always the best one . I think it be a mistake to do it in this fashion . 2 . I do agree with many reviewer on Amazon that this set need to include the other game which be include in King Quest Collection 2 . that a big disappointment . 3 . booklet and extra . the best thing about the old version of Kings Quest be that you get a nice box , nice booklet and information about the series . the fact that that do not even take the time to reprint one of the old booklet be very unfortunate . 4 . I do not care for the box art . it be a poor take off of the original box of Kings Quest III . 5 . the copy protection in Kings Quest iv and v be never remove . grant it would have be difficult to edit the game I think it would have be nice if it be not present .
Video_Games	POS	4	both ea Sports active and more Workouts be great for give you a lot of potential workout and keep you motivate . I have find the 60 day challenge workout for the more workouts version be more challenging than the 30 day challenge workout for the original . I also love that they add a warm up and cool down to each . my favorite cardio routine on the original be the step cardio boxing and the dancing . on the newer version , the squash be a blast . I keep want to do it over and over to see how far I can get without miss the ball . I also like some of the obstacle course workout and the run now have a view vs. just a track as in the original . here be some of the thing I wish they have do differently : be able to combine workout in both version to create the custom workout allow `` replacement '' workout in the challenge -lrb- I wish this be in the first as well -rrb- . for example , I have trouble with some of the high impact move due to joint\/back problem and large natural breast that bounce even with a good bra -lrb- i.e. the skip -lrb- jump rope -rrb- and stride jump -rrb- I wish they would allow you to choose a alternate workout in the challenge vs. just delete it so you still keep the same time , calorie , etc. . this be my biggest complaint . finally , it be annoy that they keep repeat the `` watch I '' in the warm up exercise . once you have do it once , that should go away just like the video in the regular workout . overall , both workout be a great value for the money and more workout just build on the great start from ea Sports active . the controller recognition\/response seem better as well .
Video_Games	NEG	1	in many respects this sim be inferior to fs2004 . the frame rate be terrible and the aircraft viewpoint too fussy to get to quickly . anyone with fs2004 and with good add on scenery I would advise to stay with it . my computer be state of the art with dual core pcu , Nvidea 7900GT graphic . over New York in fs2004 with all slider max out I get over 35 fp , with FSX I get 7 fp . with slider at normal and a slide show . I have since uninstalled my FSX and return to fs2004 .
Video_Games	POS	4	I be write this review at the urge of my 9 and 11 year old child who have play this game for three day straight -lrb- a rare feat for any game we have buy -rrb- . I will concede that have be 95 degree for 12 day straight here and play outside have be a little more daunting but they absolutely love this game . the graphic actually seem pretty good . the commentary be definitely not as witty as the tv show but as uncomfortable as it always have be to hear my kid cackle about the `` big ball '' segment the game push the envelope with the `` dirty ball '' challenge . I try and keep focus on how much laughter the game be provide with they . also the cutaway to the announcer be terrible in that the voice sync be not even close , not sure why they waste the space try . after the second and third day they have start move up in difficulty level but they be still try to unlock the extra character and feature and they have convince they mother to join in and she laughter be as much or more than theirs . for the price this game have be a winner in this household as most game do not make it past the first day . it should be quite entertaining for the next get together with friend too . only down side be for I have be that whistle in the background music that get old for I -lrb- the tune get stick in you head for hour -rrb- especially when they have be play for a couple of hour straight . as to the one star review , we have not have any freeze but I have a notice a problem with some graphic when player be knock off in the water scene . we have not play we Wii in a few week and this game do install a update upon start-up . the first try be unsuccessful and we have to restart the Wii but I attribute that to both kid be press button during that process and once we run it for the second time , everything have be fine .
Video_Games	POS	5	we receive this game as a `` family '' present and have not play it ... i can not believe how much fun we be have as a `` family '' play this silly game !!
Video_Games	NEG	1	WORST GAME EVER . this game be horrid . you can drive truck off the map , into white nothingness , and you can drive through building . not to mention the fact that you can not drive over bridge -lrb- you truck fall through the bridge -rrb- . to call this one of the worst game ever would be give it too much credit . accord to the box , you have to evade the law and deliver you goods . the thing be , there be no police officer to evade and no goods to deliver . the only thing you do be race against a AI opponent that never leave the start line . Yep , it be true . when you start a game , the AI opponent who be suppose to race against you , just sit there at the start line for the whole race . you be winner ! the game scream that at you when you finish a race against the nonexistant opponent . the only `` human '' who could enjoy this game be a dumb 2-year old who be instantly amaze at truck drive off the road . Stay away from this game at all cost . you be winner !
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a great game ! so what if it be copy from some movie ? I have fun and that be what matter . the control be a little hard to get by but redefine the num 1,2,3,5 to match the arrow key do the job for I . the cinematic though nothing new be still awesome because you could feel the hard work that go into make it . overall I would recommend play it because its a great game for kill a whole day .
Video_Games	POS	4	Ok so i be undecided on whether to get battlefield 3 or mw3 consider ive be a cod player for year . but i think i make the right choice by get this . amazing game . really fun . perfect war experience . some bug and glitch . look great though . 9.5 \/ 10 : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	sturdy cord , work like a charm . I use it to recharge my ps3 controller while play game . you can never have to many of these lie around .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be go to be so cool because I love the other Roller Coaster Tycoon game . I wish you could be a customer in somebody 's park and you could pick on what ride you want to go on and then ride they . but I be glad this game be come out becuase I will be play it all day ! it will rock !
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great product that my 4 year old son love . he really like car , especially race car . this product have a number of fun and educational activity to do before Putt Putt can enter the race . my son love the race at the end , but he never rush through the activity , because he have such a good time do they as well . he particularly like have to go to the garden maze and find different fruit and veggy . I would highly recommend this product .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the game be poorly optimize for pc , I can not recommend buy it as it currently be . a patch be release today which seem to make thing worse for some people , I include , but some other people claim it fix they stuttering issue , so that be kind of a gamble . if they do manage to fix the stutter issue , +2 star !
Video_Games	NEU	3	again , just like gr2 , this game do not thrill I . I must admit that it be better than the plain old gr2 , but it still -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- be not the best . it do not give I that great `` ghost recon '' type of feel that I be really look forward to . I play ghost recon and island thunder so much and I guess I be just let down with this game . I mostly play the multiplayer portion and get bore very quickly with the single player game . ghost recon 2 : Summit strike be a military base first person shooter available for the Xbox . although ghost recon game have be solely first person view in the past , this game also have a over the shoulder -lrb- 3rd person -rrb- view available . this be the first thing that really discourage I about the game . I for one love the first person view and when play over xbox live , the OTS view give opponent a very big advantage over someone like myself who play use the fp view . in my opinion , there should have only be one view available so that this advantage never come into play . the graphic in the game be very good for they time . they be like a polished version of what gr2 have to offer , so nothing that new in this department . the single player game , to I , feel very slow and boring . I know it be a tactical shooter , but it still feel overly slow . the game also feel repetitive to I , but this be mostly due to the gameplay . I would not suggest this game to anyone look for a fun single player experience . the multiplayer game , on the other hand , be in my opinion the only reason to purchase this game . it be a `` ok '' experience to I , only because I find it far different from ghost Recon Island Thunder - the ghost recon I be use to play . for most people , however , the multiplayer experience be a lot of fun . there be about 20 or so map available and 24 -lrb- I think -rrb- gametype to choose from .
Video_Games	POS	5	to all of my dedicated jrpg player out there , and to those who claim that the JRPG have be go down hil . this be a testimony that indicate the well be of the jrpg in this time . a exquisitely captivating Story , a innovative fresh battle system and a legacy of musical score that should be remember through time could only exist in Radiant Historia . word would be fruitless to describe this Fantasy .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get this for my 3 1\/2 yr old for Christmas , and both she and she 7 yr old sister love it ! they have play it for hour . the graphic be very good and it have lot of cute and entertaining game ! I highly recommend this one ! it be worth the money !
Video_Games	POS	5	the multiplayer be really addictive . my first real foray into multiplayer . the single player feel like a on rail sort of game which kinda stink . I officially go full-on nerd and get a gaming headset for this game . it be so much fun . the update map be terrific . probably my favorite game thus far . ca not recommend this game enough . it be challenging but with some patient and weapon upgrade you 'll unlock the full potential for maximum fun . I love this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	to be perfectly honest , I do not own the Action Replay , though I would like to . I be only review to let the uninformed buyer know that they should ignore the two people who give the Action Replay a bad review . this ` christina swan ' person I can forgive , as she apparently do not know much about game system . I 'll tell you now , a cheat system CAN NOT ruin the game system itself . I own a gameshark for the n64 , and I know that the dumbest thing you can do with one of those be to put in a bunch of random character and hope it be a good code , and even then , the worst you could do be ruin the gameshark itself . if you want my opinion , the kid probably leave the Gamecube open too long , let dust or something get on the laser reader , block the laser and render the Gamecube unable to read disc . that happen to I before , the guy who do the repair say that happen a lot with laser-disk base game system like Gamecube and ps2 .  as for the I hate ACTION REPLAY guy , I be gonna have to come up with a list for you :  - the code be a bunch of number and letter , it take you over two hour to put in one code .  \* these code be mean to actually change how the Gamecube read the game , so you can keep the health meter stick on full and stuff like that . can you appreciate how much programming code be use to pull off something like that ? feel lucky you only have to put in a few letter and number . and as for the two hour , can you say exaggeration !?! I really doubt it would take even the slowest gamer that long to put in code . besides , learn to put a little effort into what you do .  - code only give you stuff like infinite life and extra character , who in they right mind would want that junk on they game ?  \* oh , for the love of ... it be a cheat system . you be suppose to \* gasp \* cheat with it !! who in they right mind would want that on they game , you ask ? everyone but you , apparently .  - the price be too much ... it should be less .  \* it be worth how much it cost the company to make it , plus some for profit . if you do not like it , do not whine to everyone on Amazon about it .  - also it do not work on my super nintendo .  \* oh my ... I be sorry , I do not know you have mental problem . you see , kid , a system that be make for a Gamecube usually work on a Gamecube , not the Super Nintendo . they be completely different system , you see .  - Datel can not make cheat system , they should jump off a bridge .  \* I hate to stoop to you level , but here go : consider you argument , I think the world would be do a much better favor if you be to jump off a bridge . a high one . that happen to be over a pile of jagged rock .  Actully , that feel pretty good . anyway , last one :  - do not buy this ... instead go by the amazing etch-a-sketch .  \* why ? if a person be look for a cheat system , how would a toy draw pad help they ? and , no offence to you etch-a-sketch fan , but I do not see what be so amazing about it . please come up with a decent argument next time .  if anyone want to argue about this some more , feel free to e-mail or something , especially if you happen to be anything like this I hate ACTION REPLAY guy . I be here 'til Thursday . ; - -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	my 14 year old love this game . he have the 2010 version and love the new effect in the 2012 version .
Video_Games	POS	5	I use this to get around the `` bad '' sound quality of the easycap and it work like a charm . but you will not get surround sound , if that be what you be look for . all in all great product .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have always use a Windows computer but last year switch to a Mac because I be feed up with the freezing and nonsense that a Windows put its user through . have play the Roller Coaster Tycoon series throughout the year , I realize that I would not be able to play it anymore because I have a Mac now ... until I stumble across this product . I read some of the review and notice most user complain of freezing and other stuff , so be reluctant to buy it see that it be $ 40 . after skim through and find several reviewer state that they turn off the `` shadow '' effect and the problem cease , I decide to purchase the game . since receive it , I have have no problem whatsoever with the product . I immediately turn off the shadow and everything have work perfectly .
Video_Games	NEG	1	if you buy this drm-infested game , you can only install it three time - after that , you have to call a hotline to activate it again . you do not buy but rent it , but only for the full buying price . no thanks , this be rip of the customer . we do not need this , instead buy another game that let you do what you want with it .
Video_Games	POS	4	this game be better than Bruce Lees jump death kill . sound rock , graphic be fresh and clean , its as funny as a dubed jackie chan movie , and the gameplay be great . even I , a really big fighting game fan enjoy this sort of simple mechanic type game . level be great , just wish there be a few more . overall this be so additive and as fun as Kung Fu Hustle . so if you into a great new party game for the xbox then go and get this now !!!
Video_Games	NEG	1	I will never understand why there be so much hype for Halo . . the first one be a sub-average game , the second one be garbage , and surprise surprise the third one suck as well ... the game be boring and slow pace , the graphic be nothing to write home about , and there seem to be very little change in the gameplay from the first two in the series . if people be so desperate for a decent fp , either get Bioshock , or wait for Unreal Tournament 3 . . buyer beware , this game be trash !
Video_Games	POS	5	I have the game for almost a year and just start to play it . I get my husband hook also and he be up until the next morning play it . recommend this to all and we be in we 30 's .
Video_Games	POS	5	this product meet all of my need and then some . follow the instruction be easy to program the remote to match my tv , Dish Network DVR , and my PS3 . since I use the dvr set the most , I be able to program part of my tv remote along with the DVR remote under the same function -lrb- excellent feature for learn specific remote function and customize a remote -rrb- . the only con be the button be a little small , but that be just to get use too . best remote for PS3 owner who use the PS3 to watch movie .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be disappointed with this fourth pajama Sam . my six year old son and I love the first three title of Pajama Sam . so when he want the `` it be rough when you lose you stuff '' one , I say , `` sure '' . there be no arguement from I , the previously satisfied customer .  he want I to hurry up with my shopping , so he could get home and start play the CD . I help he install the game , and we sit back to enjoy we favorite animated character .  the first thing I notice be that Sam 's voice sound different . also , he mouth do not match with the dialogue . it look like a japanese karate movie that have be redubb with english word . how could the producer have miss that ?  secondly , the ESC keep do not work to help you zoom through the scene on you way around the map to find the miss object . -lrb- it do on the first three version . call I spoil ? but why do away with a great feature ? Sam do a lot of run around -rrb- . so , we wait as he walk from this path to that path ... wait ... wait and wait ...  thirdly , the game lag ! I think my new computer -lrb- purchase this year , mind you -rrb- be mess up . how could it lag ? this be not a multiplayer game on the internet for cry out loud . it be as if the professional people turn this product over for elementary school child to produce . it be that far down quality wise from the first three .  I be disappointed and disgusted . I wish I have read the earlier Amazon review , but I trust the quality of Humongous Entertainment and do not dream of read the feedback . I learn my lesson . no more buying of any software without listen to those who have already be sucker or thrill .  listen -- if you want to buy quality fun game for you kid , go with pajama Sam 1-3 . leave number 4 in the store . believe I , it be rough when you lose you money .  thanks .  PS . I do like one thing , the sock song . that be it ... : -lrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	this remote work for all of about 2 day there be better one at the same price point . the nunchuck be still work so it be worth the price as long as that keep working .
Video_Games	POS	4	Voucher in game do not work , so I contact Capcom which in turn say they need to contact Sony to resolve the problem . that be over three week ago !!!! I have not hear back from Capcom since , . this be not what I call good customer service . I pay for a collector edition to get all the extra , not be give the run around . shame on Capcom .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be a pretty good first expansion for Sims 3 . I like all three location ; each have it be own charm . I like the new trait that be add and I love the new photography skill . admittedly , I be not sure if I would like this expansion or not . I think I would get bore since there be only three location , but so far so good .
Video_Games	POS	5	the redesign Nintendo d , now the d Lite , be a great little piece of machinery ! it keep all of the unique and fun possibility of the original d while fix many of the earlier unit 's problem . the screen be brighter , the button lay out better , the stylus more comfortable and the whole system size , weight and shape fit better in you hand now . the only downside be that GameBoy Advance game cartridge stick out a little bit at the bottom , but this be acceptable when you consider how much smaller the system be now . add to all that the great and creative game that keep come out for this system and the budget price -lrb- both for the system and the game -rrb- compare to the psp competition and you can not go wrong with this purchase ! some of the better game to take note of : New Super Mario Brothers , Castlevania : dawn of sorrow , sonic rush , Trauma Center : under the Knife , Kirby : Canvas Curse , Brain Age and many more ! get this system !!!
Video_Games	POS	4	my 6 1\/2 yo son love this Harry Potter adventure . he love imaginitive play . and this be really cool !
Video_Games	POS	5	order this controller as a extra since the xbox we purchase only come with one controller . this one be exactly the same as the high quality controller that come with we xbox . ca not even tell the two apart . Works great and setup be simple . just have to press the learn button on the xbox and turn on the new remote . the xbox find it right away .
Video_Games	POS	4	I should start off this review by say Gears 3 be my first Gears title and , after complete it , it most definitely will not be my last . I also should add I be a huge sci-fus shooter fan -lrb- since the Halo day , or at least the beginning of Halo day since Halo 4 be right around the corner -rrb- , so Gears of War 3 be right down my alley , and yet I do not leave the game after I beat it with the same sense of awe and wonder I feel after Halo 1-3 . Gears 3 be certainly good , one of the best look game on the xbox 360 and the end boss and cutscene really cement my appreciation for this title , but the gameplay and control feel clunky , almost as if they be themselves grind away and heavily burden like the character ' suit . the charging\/run feature be odd to I , since you hunker down in a crouch and the screen become slightly warped - and there do not seem to be a exact direction except in a very general sense when you try to run one way or the other . the voice acting be atrocious most of the time , save for the always amazing Claudia Black -lrb- who have a somewhat limited role in comparison to that of she Chloe counterpart in uncharted 2 -rrb- . the story itself be equally typical save-the-world-from-infestation schlock and unique , and - as I previously mention - the end leave I with appreciation , but , again , not in the same way other sci-fi shooter have -lrb- under-appreciated lose planet 2 , one of my fave of 2010 , include -rrb- . overall , I recommend pick up a copy of Gears of War 3 as obviously it be a good game that diehard Gears fan love , but for a newbie like I perhaps a Gears 4 will merit whether I love it or leave it .
Video_Games	POS	5	I hate halo until i actually play it ! I could not understand all the hype , but this game have a graple story and great gameplay . its intrest how cortona be distressed because she be a machine and its impossible but bungie pull it off . I be die for Halo 3 to come out , and when i get it and beat the story i be 100 % satisfied , although short it be okay because you can always replay and find something new every time or go to multus player ! really a great game and dont go by what anybody say about this game one way or the other . if you unsure rent one of the halo game and decy for yourself whether you like it . you might be pleasntly surprize ! but my overal thought of this game be AMAZING , so check it out and decy if you want to finish the fight !
Video_Games	POS	5	this be a ingenious little game device which offer something for everyone from the little toddler to the grandmother ! it be versatility be legendary with wide appeal ... the cheapest of the gaming offering by far ... yet with such enduring appeal and thousand of game to boot . allow network gaming where the game facilitate it . Nintendo have do well -lrb- though the 3d be a pointless last ditch attempt to milk the line -rrb- . with classic triumph arcade release eg Mario Kart & SuperMario Bros to General simulation game eg Nintendogs , Cooking mama , Art Academy , Cake Mania , Mario at the Olympic Games ... to brain game -lrb- for junior & senior alike -rrb- eg brain training I & II , Scrabble , Picross ... Strategy game : Hotel Dusk , Phoenix Wright Defense Attorney series , Animal Crossing ... adventure game : Zelda & the Phantom Hour Glass , etc music : elite beat agent , Rhythm Heaven , Jam session other mindless but thoroughly entertaining game ... best of all unlike the Wii remote which require battery to operate and be unwieldy to set up , the Nintendo d Lite be just a reach away and easily recharge . Perfect little pick I up relaxation in short spurt . still very much relevant and 5 star
Video_Games	NEU	3	this game be great in many respects . it be a follow up to Mount & Blade , what I feel be the best medieval mount fight semi-rpg of all time . that say , it be a lot to live up to . Mount & Blade Warband fall short of the original and have a lot of bug -lrb- lot ! -rrb- . it appear the developer tweak the game in favor of multiplayer mode and fail to deliver on the single player aspect , forget to expand on the rpg element and to make the world believable . if you be into multiplayer , you be in for a treat . if not , then you may want to wait until the price drop down to $ 9.99 or until more patch be release to fix the bug , or the mod community have have a chance to release some interesting work to play . some of the notable bug I be see : \* - random rainbow artifact with the graphic when roam around the tavern \* - random graphic glitching during combat \* - nerfing of the couch lance ; it be nearly impossible now to be a lancer \* - nerfing of archer ; it be near impossible to hit anyone with a bow or crossbow , even when aim for expose body part , especially when you be on horseback \* - a bug where if you repeatedly re-assign the marshall role to any other lord under you , you relationship with the other increase ridiculously dramatically \* - after a battle , the battle summary that come up be miss the name of the soldier that die or be wound all in all , this game be not ready for prime time . I think it should have be in beta much longer . fortunately , Taleworlds be great at release fix and patch for customer . if you do make the mistake of buy it early and find the problem too annoying , hang on to you copy until the problem be fix or until the modding community have complete a few mod . this be easily the best modding game out there .
Video_Games	POS	5	grandkid first choice for gaming . life up to all expectation . interactive fun and wonderful graphic make this the best overall choice for hour of entertainment for preschooler and grade school kid of all age .
Video_Games	POS	4	excellent product . actually save a battery I be have problem with before . my battery refuse to charge , but with this , it get it right back to charge -lrb- the charge cable could have be bad , not sure -rrb- . it be small , take little space , and charge battery within hour . Great little product for the price .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this Wii bundle after covet my friend 's for a couple of year . out of the box , I be play in five minute . the Sports Resort have so many fun game , my favorite be Frisbee golf and speed slice -lrb- swordfighting -rrb- and the whole concept have come a long way since my last console , a n64 back in the late 90 . the graphic be mind-boggling , play nhl2k10 , I think I be actually at Joe Louis Arena . the Wii remote plus sens you movement and that control the game , it be ton of fun . so far I have purchase a  Wii Remote Plus - Pink  who say video game be just for kid ?!?
Video_Games	POS	5	a person review the game below say that one of the bd point be that it take age to fill deck with room .  in fact , there be a shortcut to make building room quicker . if you hold down the shift key , you can build a room multiple time , just like in Zoo Tycoon .
Video_Games	NEU	3	the good : its Crazy taxi on psp ! fast arcadey gameplay , decent music , custom soundtrack , nice unlockable , multiplayer mode be super fun the Bad : ... not a new cr , single player will bear you after a while , graphic be not too swift , voice be annoy well Crazy taxi 1 and 2 arrive on the psp with smooth result . the gameplay be fast and just what you expect from Crazy taxi but if you be not a big fan then this game will bear you after a while . the game be simple : pick people up and drive they to they destination before the time run out . that be really all there be . yes you can bash into car and drive underwater but that do not save cr from get boring fast . the voice be really annoying but the music be pretty good and custom soundtrack be a great plus here . the multiplayer mode be what make the game really fun . I would not buy this game but a weekend rental would not hurt .
Video_Games	NEU	3	like most avid sim fan . I eagerly await this release . strong word of caution . my own stupidity for not realize this , but this game be not available in cd-rom . so if you pc do not have a dvd drive , you be out of luck . I purchase mine at Walmart , because the description on what be require state cd-rom drive . sure the box clearly state dvd , and I should have catch that , but I just could not bring myself to think that the genuise at Microsoft assume everyone have a dvd drive in they pc right . anyway , the catch 22 be that once you open the software , the retailer will not take it back , so you be stick with a useless $ 50.00 game you can not use . to be fair , I do finally find a number at Microsoft to call for product return and get a authorization to return it and in about a month I might get my money back . Buyer beware , do not be as dumb as I . if you only have a CD drive , you be out of luck on this game , Microsoft do not think you be worth they trouble .
Video_Games	POS	4	finally a great sonic game after all the disappointing sonic game they make a great one . great graphic especially for the wius , angle be great really fun . the reason I be no give it five star be because they change sonic 's voice . he have have the same voice since 2003 but do not let that stop you from buy this great game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I receive the package quickly & in good shape . the game itself be exactly like it be advertise . I be very pleased with it .
Video_Games	POS	4	for my PSP 2001 unit , game work well . playable sequence be challenging and story line be decent . although there be time when I wish I have a joystick and not the thumb-stick , like on the psp . graphic be intense , and type of aircraft in dogfight be good .
Video_Games	POS	4	I would recommend this to anyone who like any d&d; game or medieval game as this game be the reason most be the way they be .
Video_Games	NEG	1	my husband and son be so excited about this game that against we budget I buy it as a Christmas surprise . well they get the surprise . we computer have be busy for day download and download and download this stupid game . you can not play it unless you be online . be you crazy !!!!! we would not allow a continous open gateway for someone to hack into we computer . where be the disc ?? why do Bethesda release this game and trick people into something so unfair . what happen to the company that make fun game for pc . my husband and son be so angry . I could have purchase 2 game for the waste $ 50 on `` SKYRAT '' what a scam BETHESDA . never again . beware and know that this game be like a control parent that will have they way like it or not . DONT BUY . I only wish AMAZON would give we we money back . oh yeah , this crappy steam company will not allow you to `` sell the game back '' it be a one owner purchase period . it be the last that BETHSDA will ever see from we !
Video_Games	NEG	1	I love play the first 3 myst game back when I have a pc but have since change to a Mac laptop I have search for game I could play on it . I think that because the game say mac for operate system it would play but it do not work on my laptop so if you be a mac user and interested in this game check closely what operate system you 's have and see which mac system this game will play on .
Video_Games	NEU	3	bookworm be a straightfoward d game . all you have to do be select a letter on the screen and form a word by tap a letter adjacent to the last . you earn point base on the length of the word , bonus denote by the color of the letter 's tile , etc. . what set bookworm apart from other word finding game be that occasionally -lrb- or in one mode constantly -rrb- a letter 's tile will catch on fire . a tile on fire will burn through tile 's below it and if it burn through the bottom of the screen , it will `` set the library on fire '' and end you game . while this sound fun at first , it quickly wear out . play in the main mode , my first game take about half a hour and while it be a half hour of fun , I have have to force myself back to play the game since . the concept just tire too quickly . one feature that give the game a little life be the collection of 20 secret book . each secret book contain a dozen or so secret word with a common theme range from pet to emotion . once you form a word in a secret book , you 'll be able to see all the rest of the word in the book . form all the word in a book and you get extra point . the presentation of the game be charming overall . the control work well and the music be okay . however , nothing can make up for a flawed game design . the main mode ramp up the challenge way too slowly . the main mode need more structure and variety . it need clearly define and seperate level , rather than merely a summary of point score and a picture of a new room fill with book . there be little feeling of advancement or reward for play a lengthy and high-scoring game . it seem that the ` action ' game mode try to address the turtle 's pace erring of the main mode , but end up be even less fun . despite my loss of interest in Bookworm , I recognize that many will find the game appeal for a longer period of time . while the occasional casual game , like peggle , manage to get I temporarily hook , I be mostly immune to the feverous addiction to spider solitaire , freecell , etc. that seem to plague most casual game fanatic . I can see this be the type of casual word game that could easily hook the right type of person .
Video_Games	POS	4	this be the first time I order from Amazon and I must say that I be very pleased with everything from place my order to the smile on my son face when I give he the game . one thing we be hope for be a different cover on the game , but that be part of the fun , not know until you get it which they do tell you prior to order . thank you Amazon and I will definately be order from you in the near future for it be a pleasure and I be very pleased .
Video_Games	NEU	3	i be a huge fan of the prince of persium series , the trilogy of sot , ww , tt , all sit on my shelf with pride . i really enjoy warrior within the most but the other be good too . which be why i have to give this one a relativley low score . this be a good game , the puzzle be alotta fun , the ability to freeze water be a great addition and the concept of freezing time so water become solid be another great interesting inovation . about halfway through the game you get the ability to air dash which be actually another mechanic to solve the climb puzzle . it be a good addition and overall i have to say i love the puzzle aspec of this game it be a big improvement on a already spectacular franchise . now for the bad well ... almost everything else i hate to say it . the combat have be completley nurfed from what it be in previous game , the ability to hop from enemy to enemy and cut they up as you go be good but the control be too lose and buggy . i can not figure out how something so rock solid become so very break . not just the combat control but the game in general , there be time i would hop on a oponent and get tag by another then , then i would watch as the prince stand and ignore my command for a good 2 or 3 seconds while get hammer by attack . the enemy themselves be far ad away way weaker than they ever have be , if i have the more in depth combat system i dunno what i woulda do with it , two or three strike kill most everything once you upgrade the prince a little bit . even the final boss go down without too much fuss . the story be actually pretty good but it rush along at such a pase that it be over before you really know it . i wish there be more story to be tell and more area to explore . overall , from anyone else i would give this game a fair to pretty good rating . but come from the same company that birthe the original trilogy i would say it be simply a adequete game , not bad but not good either , a worthwhile addition to the series and far and away better than that cell shaded disaster . i just would have expect a bit more .
Video_Games	NEG	2	Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban could have be a mediocre game . there be some strong point , such as fly Buckbeak and great graphic , but there be so many thing that be surpass by the Chamber of secret that this game be at best only a vain attempt to live up the previous game . the story be almost entirely tell not by the player but by the cutscene have the same problem with the related movie : overacting -lrb- facial expression be WAYYY too dramatic and character voice be overdue -rrb- . the character be annoy with they goofy movement and good-for-nothing line , and I could not care less if my character be kill in the middle of the mission . the gameplay be smooth , though , but not as good as in the Chamber of secret -lrb- e.g. Harry can not run around and cast spell at the same time -rrb- . the level be far less creative and complex than the one in the previous game , and the number of they be even more pathetic . with just two non-class level , I suddenly find near the end of the game . overall , this game make the player do a number of semi-related stuff without make they feel be a actual part of the game . it be much simpler , to be sure , but do that really matter ? I beat the game within 24 hour -lrb- I repeat , 24 hour for a person who have serious problem play Jedi Outcast -rrb- , and I feel far less satisfied than I be when I complete other harder game . I do not think I really care about play as Hermione or Ron , either because the character be really annoying , or this be just a bad game . I be really happy when I just play as Harry in the previous game .
Video_Games	NEU	3	while this be generally a fun game that provide a good range of difficulty , a real lack of quality control go into the game . I have only have the game for a month or so , but have already run into the game 's pickiness three time . one time , in a category something like `` which president , Washington , Kennedy , or Obama ? '' the clue be pretty basic with the answer obviously be Washington . I choose Washington for my answer . I be wrong . the game want GEORGE Washington . another time , the clue end with '' ... in this river . '' the answer be the Hudson , so I answer `` Hudson River '' since it come up in the list as a type my response . wrong again . the game only want `` Hudson . '' so I figure , `` Ok , since the river part be in the clue already , you do not need that part . '' well , another time I be play the clue end something like '' ... of this gland . '' well since gland be in the clue , just like river , I respond `` thyroid . '' wrong again . the game want `` thyroid gland . '' so it get annoying shell out money to buy a game to have it be picky about answer like this . since the game supposedly accept spelling error , it should be able to take these kind of answer , or at least be consistent in how they should be answer if part of the answer be in the clue .
Video_Games	NEG	2	there be not much more to it -- it be the ` introductory game ' to the Playstation move equipment . be the game fun to play ? yup . do they get boring very quickly once you figure they out ? yup . ... which be why you can buy this use or online for under 10 buck . I actually enjoy bocce more than any other game , to my surprise ... while ping pong be very physical , which be fun . Beach volleyball be too limited to give a ` real ' feeling , and archery take a few round to figure out -- jury 's still out on what I think of it . overall it be a good starter to get you into the move equipment , before you move onto other stuff .
Video_Games	NEG	1	after receive this product I open it and plug it into my Playstation 3 . what appear ? absolutely nothing ! after try countless time nothing appear on my television screen . go back to the original Red White Yellow component that come with the Playstation 3 everything work fine . Waste of time and money .
Video_Games	NEG	1	when we get just Dance 2 , we whole family be excite . we have love and music and move in just Dance . we open and have some friend over and put it in . the music be `` lame '' accord to the kid and not as much fun . we still use it and it be play but there be just not as much excitement for just Dance 2 .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be exactly what I need for the optic cable that be use for go from my headphone I just buy to my xbox 360 -lrb- 5.1 digital -rrb- . I go to a certain retail giant that have blue letter for they name , and get a $ 20 connector . it have about 20 wire hang off of it I do not need ! the red , yellow , white , red , green , blue , hdmus . I then find this little dude , and return the other one for my money 's back . thank you amazon again for come to my rescue ! one note , when plug in the optical cable , it will glow red for a secure connection . if you see no glow then might wanna check connection into xbox , ok ! P.S. the headphone I get for xbox be the sharkoon 5.1 dolby digital 's . really great ! also get from amazon !
Video_Games	POS	5	absolutely , the best video game I have ever play in my life !! although this be my first mmo , and I have always play fp -lrb- first person shooter -rrb- game which be almost exclusively solo . I have play nothing , except this game for 1 year and 7 week . I can not express the the positive of this game in the world of video game . Story line , mission , quest , craft , team mission , I could go on and on , be outstanding . although it be a $ $ subscription game -lrb- monthly , 3 month , or yearly payment plan -rrb- , it be the best game for any money I have ever spent\/am spending , for any video game . you can purchase the game with a 30 day free trial , so all you stand to lose be the price of a game but the perk of play or 30 day to see if you like it . outstanding ! I would personally give 10 star for the game if possible . oh , and I ` m a old guy ; - -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	4	get the the use `` like new '' xbox from Amazon Warehouse for $ 150.00 . after have my xbox for 5 year I finally get the rrod , so rather than send my xbox to Microsoft and shell out $ 100 since it be out of warranty I figure I would just buy one of the newer model . so far I do not regret it it be smaller , sleeker , and a lot quieter . as I mention earlier I buy mine use `` like New '' from Amazon warehouse and save 50 buck . the only notable difference from a brand new console be that the box be different everything in the box however be in it be original packaging , with extra paper wrap around it as to make sure it do not get damage while be ship -lrb- manual be also include -rrb- . I know a lot of people in other review complain about there not be a hard drive or enough memory , however that be not a problem for I . you can use a usb stick to transfer datum from you old xbox to the new one and to store game , DLC , save datum etc. . and the old xbox hard drive be not incompatible -lrb- as many people think -rrb- all you need to do be unscrew the container take the hard drive out and put it in the slot of the new xbox 360 it will fit . do this I be able to get about 56 gig on the new xbox -lrb- include 4 gig + two 16 gb flash drive + my old 20gb xbox hard drive -rrb- which be fine for I since I only have my save , download arcade game , and the occasional demo . if you have a bigger hard drive in you old xbox or have 2 16 gb usb stick -lrb- roughly 30 dollar -rrb- you can get even more space to play you game from memory rather than the disk . all in all I be very satisfied with this purchase .
Video_Games	NEU	3	be a non-owner of Xbox , I eagerly await the Halo experience on pc . true , when expectation be high , it often result in a let down - as it do with Halo .  single player - 3.5 out of 5  it be not to say that Halo be not fun . it be . however , I be expect better . the highly acclaimed `` story '' be , in my opinion , rather weak . from what I have read and hear from xbox owner , I have expect a `` Deus ex '' type story experience . not even close . the story be rate a 3 .  I have also expect highly develop memorable character . again not true . to be fair , however , the story and characterization be `` above average '' for a fp . but it be just not at the level I have expect . characterization rate a 3 .  playability be fairly good . the weapon selection and effect be solid . Movement and customization be adequate . the mouse and keyboard playability be typical for a fp . there be some glitch , however . the vehicle handle more poorly than I have expect . there be also a few clipping problem and slowdown , even with a high-end machine . I rate playability 3.5  graphic be good . but , again , not quite at the level I have expect . maybe it be unfair to compare the graphic right after play Unreal II . the audio be very good . graphic and audio rate a 4 .  multiplayer - 2 out of 5  multiplayer be a huge disappointment . I have read many review which claim multiplayer to be far and away the BEST thing about Halo . for pc , the opposite be true . first , I would suggest you tweak you setting to achieve the best performance possible . slowdown be a killer in Multiplayer FPS . even on the lowest setting , tweak , and a 530 Kbs DLS line , I still have lag problem . and lag be not good . Halfway through a tunnel , I suddenly find myself outside . opponent suddenly disappear right in front of I . I walk close to a ledge and then find myself dead from fall off . I shoot a opponent in the chest with a missile , only to find out he be 20 yard ahead of where I see he on the screen . not good .  the most frustrating thing about multiplayer be the lack of any type of system to boot off game ruiner . EVERY team base game I have play have `` betrayer . '' not only do you have to battle opponent , but also the very immature idiot on you own team that try to kill you . there appear to be no recourse for such behavior and the develop appear to refuse to do anything about it . it be a complete joke .  there be also problem with the physics . quite often I shoot a missile at a vehicle , which tumble it into the air , only to have the vehicle suddenly right itself and keep go as if nothing happen .  needless to say , I be very disappoint in the multiplayer experience .  overall , I give Halo a rather generous 3 out of 5 .
Video_Games	POS	5	I get RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 after play the demo and be have a lot of fun . I love the nightime and the 3d effect , as well as smaller thing like the multiple color of baloon at one stall and the firework display ... I also really like the ride the Rides feature . I recommend that anyone who like these type of game buy RollerCoaster Tycoon3 !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	be new like it state . just love the game . all of they . work perfectly . no problem validate it either . be exactly what I expect from the ad .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the graphic and gameplay be absolutely stunning even on low . that if you can get to that part . this game be very hard to handle . during my time with this product I have encounter white screen of death -lrb- game freeze with a white screen -rrb- , key in use error and so much more . it be almost impossible to get to the good stuff . during the campaign at the end of the first mission i encounter a white screen which make I restart my computer . Them when i give up try to finish the campaign due to all the white screen i attempt multiplayer . that do not work out either . I try over 20 time to enter my game key on my ea account but apparently it be already in use . also because ea have horrible customer support for it be game i do not recomend this game for the pc . any other platform it work fine . I myself have play it on xbox360 and ps3 and it be incredible . for pc not so much especially with all the hassle i have to go through to get the game to work . I end up return my copy for pc . it be a waste of my time to attempt play this on the pc .
Video_Games	POS	5	what a great controller for the PS3 . have great rumble timing , and for my opinion the best controller in the market . recommend
Video_Games	POS	5	this be my 4th nd game and I absolutely love it . other 's have complain that the game play be too short but that do not bother I at all , however I buy it as a 4 pack so it end up be about $ 3.50 per game . it be easier than the other 's I have play because I usually have to look up hint on the internet but this one I be able to solve myself which be the best part . I love the story line and really like all of the different area I find to explore . this would actually be a excellent game for someone who be never play a Nancy Drew mystery before .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Ok so I love basketball and I play NBA 2k11 and I think it be pretty good . definately not the best sport game make or anything but still pretty good . but , nba2k12 ... where do I start ? the good : the my Player and Game presentation be great . everything else seem worse , especially the gameplay . first off play Online be a joke . people just run right by you . Defense be HARD , damn near impossible . its even worse than last year . second , shot miss -lrb- again -rrb- . Easy shoot right under the basket ? miss . no explanation . its really frustrating . in the meantime the CPU make 3 's all day . even when guard . oh , and when you stop move you guy keep move forward so when you play online the lag make it UNPLAYABLE . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME for ANYONE . ever . teach these people a lesson , its basically the same game with a couple new crappy addition . what a joke . 0\/10
Video_Games	NEU	3	a bit expensive but worth the money in the long run ... it work well and there have be no problem .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy the game for my boyfriend for christmas . so i still give it five star for fun-ness even tho i never play it . he love it though .
Video_Games	POS	5	Got this game for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas . it be fun to play with she & to use for exercise . some dance be hard to get perfect , but if you be look to get up & move for fun , this game be for you .
Video_Games	POS	5	as a huge Rock Band nerd , I jump on this guitar immediately after the price drop . it come highly recommend from other expert-level player , and do not disappoint . pro - excellent fret action - Strum bar be sturdy and have definite end point -lrb- no `` squishiness '' -rrb- - solid construction - look and feel more like a real guitar con - heavy weight take some get use to for plastic guitar player - Strum bar have small groove on either side that sometimes catch finger - can be difficult to pause with the knob-style START button without break combo - Larger neck can take some get use to for quick finger change of note be the clickiness of the strum bar , which be very distracting during soft part of a song , but very nice for keep tempo on fast strum section . other have say that it be not as loud as the earlier gh controller , which be true , but it be still quite loud . my previous rb guitar of choice be a rb2 strat with a third-party strum bar . it might have the edge on this guitar in term of strict going-for-100 % playability , but this one win out in every other way .
Video_Games	POS	5	yeah it be addictive . yeah you 'll spend hour sit in front of you computer ignore laundry , dish and love one . you may even get the inevitable mouse hand cramp but it be worth it . I will not get into all the little detail that so many reviewer before I have -lrb- and do a better job I might add -rrb- but I will say that this be far and away the best online game I have play in quite sometime . the game draw you into team with other and reward those venture accordingly . yeah sometimes you get a dunderhead in you group that charge head first without think . it be ok you just do not ressurect he , that oughta learn em . but for the most part you 'll find people to be truly helpful and even nice . hmm ... who know ? ca not handle a quest on you own ? just shout out and within minute someone be offer you a group to join with or give a helpful hint . the spirit of comraderie be always present , I have personally perform quest multiple time just to help out someone who have not complete it yet . and you know what ... even that be fun . oh and the control could not be simpler , if you can use a mouse you can play this game . that be it . no complicated menu or keyboard smashing . see a baddie you want to smush ? click on it and watch you character beat it up . it be that easy . I hope this be helpful .
Video_Games	POS	5	roller coaster tycoon be a game that you build you own theme park . it might look boring , but once you start play it , it be very fun and creative . this game 's get lot 's of cool ride like corkscrew rollercoaster , inverted coaster , swine ship and gravitron and more . and there be lot of mild ride and shop like car ride , space ring , gift shop and pizza . this game be creative be because you can almost do what you want to do in this game . for example , you can make a vertical loop go through a vertical loop when you build a rollercoaster . but there be also some problem . you have only two kind of objective in this and that be makeing guest come two you park and increase park vaule . this might make the game boring but you have to accomplish these objective in different park situation . like you have lot trash in you park or something like that . I give this game 5 star because it , s very creative and with a little imagination you can build a park that even you be go to be suprised !
Video_Games	POS	4	take it from I , a 13 year-old girl gamer , that this game be ` the cat meow ' . I just get it yesturday , and Ive be addict from the start ! Basicly , when you get on the train , you talk to Rover ... then you eventually talk to Tom Nooks , owner of the only store in town , who give you a house , but then you have to pay off a debpt . its amusing ... but September night 6 - 9 be incredibly boring ! all the animal , well ... exept one in my case , want to stare at the harvest moon ... bt that be ok , since the view be amazing ... even for a video game ! ive look forward to this type off game ... and here it be ! its kinda hard to get the cash you need to pay off you debt , but once you do , you get to get a bigger house ! joy ! ...
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be so excited to start my 9 week workout ! Got my profile complete , first day complete , be all gear up to go at it again ... and my arm and leg scensor will not link up . I have try it all , new battery - twice ! , erase the game completely and start over , unplug my Wii in hope to reset ... I have try it all ! so very disappointed that I can not get this to work . pay way too much for it , but be way cheaper than a gym membership ... sometimes result be worth the extra penny . DO NOT BUY THIS piece-o-crap !!! not worth the hassle , I have spend hour try to get it to work ... when I could have be exercise . try to contact customer support be a joke ! seriously save yourself the hassle .
Video_Games	POS	5	these be amazing ! comfortable , awesome sound quality , and I be be in love with the game and chat audio adjuster . great buy for the price !
Video_Games	POS	4	I review a handful of kinect workout game before pick this one base on overall review and screenshot . I be pretty impress with it . there be a pretty good variety of workout and I like how there be not a long pause between exercise like on the Wii . I would definitely buy it again . the main thing I would like to see to improve on it would be to work in some game to make the workout more fun .
Video_Games	POS	5	product be great and very indepth ton of hour of fun by yourself or in a group !!!
Video_Games	POS	4	for 250 dollar , this system be worth it . more importantly , if you be think about buy one , the most promising aspect of this system be the potential for group gaming . the controller , like Nintendo advertise , offer a lot of fun for gamer and people who have never touch a video game before -- this aspect beat out the other two , more powerful system . for the most part the controller be strong . now sure there be game out there that be worth play by yourself such as Zelda , but I think the biggest grab this system have be the ability to make gaming fun for everyone . this system have the promise of be the number 2 system because of its price and its ability to be play by almost anyone . the one lack point be the graphic . sure , this may only be a minor aspect for some gamer but I argue the shelf life on this system may only run for about 6 year , while other system such as Playstation 3 have a lot more time due to people lack the current top of the line technology that the other system offer , ex . blue-ray hdtv etc. . recommend as a system for group gaming , fan of Nintendo game , and for serious gamer as a second system .
Video_Games	POS	4	it be nice to have this game again . I lose my first copy in several move we have over the year , and it be great to know it still work on my newer computer . I really love this game : d
Video_Games	POS	4	the control come in perfect condition but it feel like a cheap plastin and also do not come with a usb ... -lrb- thx god that there be many phone with same usb -rrb- after all it be a good control maybe a lil ' overpriced but i think it worth the buy
Video_Games	POS	4	this game rock . I have be play consule base game for year and I put this drive simulator really high on my chart . the drive dynamic with a force feed wheel be pretty great . after install the game get the latest free mod and patch of the internet from free share server . if the game do not have a track , then thier a possibility of find the track at a file server . I have drive on the real world famous Nurburgring race track more time than I can count on my finger and compare to other game with the same track none of they scare I more like the real track then gtr 2 . I own all of the Grand Turismo and both of the forza motorsport and be really happy with this game . the only low be no street car and no after market part . but if you remember this game be base on gt series racing you 'll get over the fact that you favorite street car be not here . get a force feed wheel and get ready to sweet as you keep from wreck you ride .
Video_Games	POS	5	what can I say that have not be say ? great add-on to one of the best game ever ... be prepare to neglect spouse , kid , pet , work , etc. . . ; -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	1	whatever you do do not buy this its just a fake ps3 conntroller . go ahead and save you money and do not waste on this controller the analog stick be to solid to move and all button be to hard when press on  PlayStation 3 dualshock 3 Wireless Controller -lrb- Classic White -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	this be my first game console and i be very happy the way it work . it be easy to install and easy to use and most important it be a lot of fun . especially the include game of wius sport . if you can get you hand on one i would say buy it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	this game have alot of potential . its too bad its be DRM cripple and dumb down .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I research a little about DRM before I submit this review and certainly I feel that I will be pay to mess up my pc . I will not purchase any game with drm . I think it be time to go back and play some of my DRM free game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be repost my review from the pc download section -lrb- I believe these two section should be combine , it be the same game -rrb- to counter some of the negative review which I suspect be not on the up and up . everyone have a opinion as long as it be honest . I would hate to have this game not do well because of misinformation -lrb- e.g. dumb down combat , no party interaction , less complexity -rrb- . \*\* this review be make on normal and nightmare difficulty ; normal = DAO Casual \*\* I be a fan of both Baldur 's gate and Dragon Age Origins but dislike mass effect 1 and 2 due to its party combat . so read this review with that in mind . I be write this initial review for fan who may want to consider purchase the game but be undecided due to the overhaul Bioware make to it . I have play 12 hour of the PS3 version -lrb- friend work at a certain video game store and get it early -rrb- and 6 hour of the pc version . I will indicate the difference between the two as well as update the review once I actually beat it once . Gameplay \*\*\*\*\* this be where da2 really shine . I think one of the weakest element of origin be in the tactical combat element of the game , namely it be not difficult at all once you level up or the game break ability of certain class . like Mass effect , origin be completely unbalanced . that game start off difficult but then progressively get easier due to the enemy not be able to keep up with you character . the mage in the original game if specc correctly would become near invincible by end game . you absolutely do not require tactic to beat the game , even on nightmare -lrb- ok , maybe I be exaggerate a bit -rrb- . oh yeah , do I mention no cooldown on potion which make the challenge moot ? how can you lose with basically unlimited health ? Bioware have finally fix this issue in the gameplay . play on hard on the PS3 da2 version I continuously get party wipe at certain encounter in Kirkwall due to overwhelming force -lrb- enemy spawn in wave -rrb- and the inability to plan tactically with the controller and limited interface . the cooldown on potion have ramp up the difficulty quite a bit . Bioware indicate that hard on da2 = normal on origin . nothing can be further from the truth . multiple wave of enemy plus potion and heal spell cooldown make fight extremely tactical and difficult . on the pc , it be a bit easier due to the ability to micromanage you party . this bring I to the next issue with the console version , it be almost impossible to play tactical without a good overhead mode . the mouse and keyboard on the pc be far easier to click through you battle plan while the better overhead view allow you see farther out . unfortunately the camera be always lock on you select character . this be a fail on Bioware . they need to release the camera and let it go free . nevertheless , with the more tactical view and keyboard and mouse , hard mode be quite a bit easier on the pc than the console . on the pc I manage to keep all three of my character at the intial level survive the first ogre battle without a single death and only one health and one mana potion use , but Ion the console , I usually win with only my mage run in circle and the rest of the party wipe . hit a to attack on the console be actually pretty fun . I can not imagine play use auto attack with the controller -lrb- which btw be not implement in the release , it may need to be patch for this -rrb- . unfortunately , hard mode be overly difficulty for button masher . I would not want to play the console version in anything higher than normal . Story \*\*\* -lrb- so far , will update -rrb- so far , I like the initial story more than origin . my favorite back-story from origin be the human noble . it have element of tragedy and revenge which help in give you a reason go forward with the story . I can finish a bad game with a great story -lrb- Mafia 2 -rrb- but I simply can not finish a good game with a bad story . gameplay-wise , most game get repetitive after about 20 hour . without a good story to push you forward , then you be simply go through the motion . so far the game lack a strong central antagonist . I be not talk about a nameless evil like the first game . good story tell require a compelling protagonist , antagonist , and pathos . 12 hour in , it be miss the antagonist portion . the darkspawn be too generic and it be over after one year . the fact that you sibling get kill by a random darkspawn , well , Bioware miss a good opportunity here . you just kill he murderer ... and then the blight be over quickly . so what be the point of the game ? Gaining fame and fortune , rag to riches have less appeal than a good revenge story . a scheming , backstabbing , machiavellian baron be a far better antagonist than a boring nameless evil enemy that you only get to see for the first time at the end of the game . . then you promptly kill he . however , I will give this story a chance to surprise I . Interface \*\*\*\* they have streamlined the interface quite a bit . the inventory be manageable . you know which item be trash so you can just sell it without wonder what it be . this be a huge improvement over the craptastic origin inventory . everything else be good except for the limited armor for you companion . look , Bioware , if you want the outfit to stay the same for each character , that be fine . however , let we find loot that upgrade it . for example , how about a fabric slot , a gauntlet slot , a boot slot , and a armor slot that be upgradeable but do not overly change the way the armor look ? right now , you can only purchase slight upgrade from merchant which upgrade it 4 time over the course of the game . Automatic upgrade via level be lame , lame , lame . not be able to equip armor for npc 's be especially lame since inventory management be half the fun of RPG 's . for some npc 's , the weapon be also lock as well . for example , I find a bow that be much better than Bianca -lrb- 72 damage vs 49 -rrb- but I could not equip it on Varric because he only use Bianca . what ? if npc 's be go to have they own weapon , at least have it level to a comparable level to find loot ! damage number and status condition can be turn on in the option . I highly recommend this be the first thing turn on when you get the game . I be glad this be still available . the rest of the interface be just too minimalist . I think this be due to the memory footprint for console . luckily for pc 's , modding will -lrb- hopefully -rrb- take care of this . Graphics \*\*\* The character be all model very well . however , the background lack the polygon . this be most likely due to the weaker console capability . the pc version get the shaft on this . on the plus side , if you have a middling pc , then this game will likely work well for you . and it work on the very long in the tooth xbox and PS3 console . the graphic be serviceable and I be not too hang up on it . what matter be it be fun . there be always the Witcher 2 for the graphic department . Gameplay \*\*\*\*\* this be where da2 really shine . I think one of the weakest element of origin be in the tactical combat element of the game , namely it be not difficult at all once you level up or the game break ability of certain class . like Mass effect , origin be completely unbalanced . that game start off difficult but then progressively get easier due to the enemy not be able to keep up with you character . the mage in the original game if specc correctly would become near invincible by end game . you absolutely do not require tactic to beat the game , even on nightmare -lrb- ok , maybe I be exaggerate a bit -rrb- . oh yeah , do I mention no cooldown on potion which make the challenge moot ? how can you lose with basically unlimited health ? Bioware have finally fix this issue in the gameplay . play on hard on the PS3 da2 version I continuously get party wipe at certain encounter in Kirkwall due to overwhelming force -lrb- enemy spawn in wave -rrb- and the inability to plan tactically with the controller and limited interface . the cooldown on potion have ramp up the difficulty quite a bit . Bioware indicate that hard on da2 = normal on origin . nothing can be further from the truth . multiple wave of enemy plus potion and heal spell cooldown make fight extremely tactical and difficult . on the pc , it be a bit easier due to the ability to micromanage you party . this bring I to the next issue with the console version , it be almost impossible to play tactical without a good overhead mode . the mouse and keyboard on the pc be far easier to click through you battle plan while the better overhead view allow you see farther out . unfortunately the camera be always lock on you select character . this be a fail on Bioware . they need to release the camera and let it go free . nevertheless , with the more tactical view and keyboard and mouse , hard mode be quite a bit easier on the pc than the console . on the pc I manage to keep all three of my character at the intial level survive the first ogre battle without a single death and only one health and one mana potion use , but Ion the console , I usually win with only my mage run in circle and the rest of the party wipe . hit a to attack on the console be actually pretty fun . I can not imagine play use auto attack with the controller -lrb- which btw be not implement in the release , it may need to be patch for this -rrb- . unfortunately , hard mode be overly difficulty for button masher . I would not want to play the console version in anything higher than normal . Story \*\*\* -lrb- so far , will update -rrb- so far , I like the initial story more than origin . my favorite back-story from origin be the human noble . it have element of tragedy and revenge which help in give you a reason go forward with the story . I can finish a bad game with a great story -lrb- Mafia 2 -rrb- but I simply can not finish a good game with a bad story . gameplay-wise , most game get repetitive after about 20 hour . without a good story to push you forward , then you be simply go through the motion . so far the game lack a strong central antagonist . I be not talk about a nameless evil like the first game . good story tell require a compelling protagonist , antagonist , and pathos . 12 hour in , it be miss the antagonist portion . the darkspawn be too generic and it be over after one year . the fact that you sibling get kill by a random darkspawn , well , Bioware miss a good opportunity here . you just kill he murderer ... and then the blight be over quickly . so what be the point of the game ? Gaining fame and fortune , rag to riches have less appeal than a good revenge story . a scheming , backstabbing , machiavellian baron be a far better antagonist than a boring nameless evil enemy that you only get to see for the first time at the end of the game . . then you promptly kill he . however , I will give this story a chance to surprise I . Interface \*\*\*\* they have streamlined the interface quite a bit . the inventory be manageable . you know which item be trash so you can just sell it without wonder what it be . this be a huge improvement over the craptastic origin inventory . everything else be good except for the limited armor for you companion . look , Bioware , if you want the outfit to stay the same for each character , that be fine . however , let we find loot that upgrade it . for example , how about a fabric slot , a gauntlet slot , a boot slot , and a armor slot that be upgradeable but do not overly change the way the armor look ? right now , you can only purchase slight upgrade from merchant which upgrade it 4 time over the course of the game . Automatic upgrade via level be lame , lame , lame . not be able to equip armor for npc 's be especially lame since inventory management be half the fun of RPG 's . for some npc 's , the weapon be also lock as well . for example , I find a bow that be much better than Bianca -lrb- 72 damage vs 49 -rrb- but I could not equip it on Varric because he only use Bianca . what ? if npc 's be go to have they own weapon , at least have it level to a comparable level to find loot ! damage number and status condition can be turn on in the option . I highly recommend this be the first thing turn on when you get the game . I be glad this be still available . the rest of the interface be just too minimalist . I think this be due to the memory footprint for console . luckily for pc 's , modding will -lrb- hopefully -rrb- take care of this . Graphics \*\*\* The character be all model very well . however , the background lack the polygon . this be most likely due to the weaker console capability . the pc version get the shaft on this . on the plus side , if you have a middling pc , then this game will likely work well for you . and it work on the very old in the tooth xbox and PS3 console . the graphic be serviceable and I be not too hang up on it . what matter be it be fun . there be always the Witcher 2 for the graphic department . Class Balance \*\*\*\*\* Bioware have balance they new class well . although there be only three base class , there be numerous permutation that can come out of it . for example , the Rogue can specialize in both archery and dual wield . Archery be slower but higher damage per attack . duel wield have higher dp but the downside be that you have to get close to the enemy . rogue be primarily damage dealer . they be also the only class that can open lock and release trap . mage be as ridiculously powerful in the second as in the first . they be be use for damaging and crowd control . mage have the most varied specialization as they can focus in elemental , force , healer , or crowd control . mage be arguably the most fun class . warrior be the weakest in term of damaging power but probably the most indispensable of the three . they specialize in crowd control by keep enemy off of the rogue and mage . they be damage soaker , good at `` tanking . '' if the warrior die , you party will most likely fall as well . for da2 , Bioware have add cross class combo . each class have a certain status induce attack that the other two can exploit . this be a very cool new feature but unfortunately only higher level character can exploit . Stagger , brittle , etc. be impossible to perform with lower level ability . final Verdict \*\*\*\*\* for PC , \*\*\*\* for console -lrb- may change once I finish the game -rrb- for those who compare the combat in this game to Diablo , nothing can be further from the truth . this be truly a tactical party rpg , more similar to Baldur 's gate on the higher difficulty level than origin . for those who consider this game as the mass effect-ification of Dragon Age , you be partly right . the streamlining of the story , party member and interface be very similar to mass effect . however , the combat absolutely do not get the mass effect treatment . the party combat in Mass effect 1\/2 be a joke . you be basically a one man army in mass effect 1 and 2 with party member as side show and ornament than real . it be possible to play mass effect as a single person shooter by disregard party member altogether . that be not true at all in Dragon Age 2 . if you do not understand the art of tanking and crowd control , on hard or higher you will party wipe . it sound like I be be overly critical yet give it a five star anyway . the reason be that the ultimate judge of game be do I enjoy the game ? yes , it be the most enjoyable game I play since Dragon Age Origins . I much prefer this game over both origin and mass effect 2 due to its overhaul combat system . this game on the pc be closer to a 5 than a 4 . for the console version , something be miss -- namely the precise control for tactical combat . if you be consider this game , I recommend the pc version if you can run it . otherwise , the console version be a fine game as well , minus one star . Update : add Class Balance
Video_Games	POS	5	how complicated must it be for Sega to make a game on a console that be still in development at the same time ? and yet , the final game be a smash hit that happen to be pretty top-notch . they have pull through then , I guess . and now that there be a DX version , it be on several other system , include Gamecube , Xbox , PC , PS3 , etc , so everyone get a opportunity to see this classic . the game let you choose to play as 6 different character -lrb- however , you unlock they by play as Sonic first -rrb- . we have sonic -lrb- of course -rrb- , Tails , Amy , Knuckles , E103 Omega , and ... big the cat ... each of the character have they own gameplay mechanic , as well as goal and certain level . Below be the fun factor for each character . Sonic - The level be actually pretty straightforward . you simply go from start to finish . and boy be it fun . . it be actually pretty close to the Genesis Sonic game , but in 3d . collect ring , bash robot , you know . . the good stuff . plus , there be some new level-specific gameplay mechanic include , like Twinkle Park 's bumper car ride , and Sky Chase 's airplane combat ! you may as well buy this game just for sonic alone . after all , as the title character , he have the most level to go through . tail - more or less like Sonic 's gameplay except he have to race Sonic -lrb- later , Eggman , in speed highway -rrb- in each level . it be not as bad as it may sound , because it only just keep the pace go , which be great , and do not you think it be kind of exciting to find shortcut when fly ? knuckle - rather than go from start to finish , Knuckles have to find 3 emerald in each level . so how do you do so ? you glide around the place and see if a Emerald be pick up on a radar -lrb- really helpful -rrb- , and they could be hide in enemy or other place . the only minor -lrb- and only minor -rrb- downside with Knuckles be that there be only about 1 -lrb- or 2 ? -rrb- emerald throughout the game that could only be find by digging into the ground . I be expect Knuckles 's digging upgrade to be use a bit more specifically for find emerald . Amy - she be not as fast as the above 3 character , but she still be not a bad pick . although have the same robot chase she throughout level be a little cringe-inducing , Amy play pretty well , as she can attack with she massive hammer . e103 Omega - Alright . who expect a robot to be playable in a sonic game ? I certainly have not , but I be glad I be . Omega 's gameplay involve massive deal of weaponry , as well as be able to hover later on , and do certain task in the level . in final egg , for example , you must destroy Sonic doll . in Emerald Coast , you catch Froggy . in other level , you must go destoy other Omega robot ! I absolutely love play as this thing , as much as I love play as the first 3 character . big - Big be a pretty lame downside to this game . he be slow , and you have to go fishing for thing . it be as fun as describe , and I certainly do not want to go back to play as he . sadly , you have to beat the game as all character if you want to fight the actual last boss , Perfect Chaos , so ... ... that pretty much cover up the character . as for everything else , the level design be magnificent and lovingly craft . plus , the graphic be awesome for the time , and the soundtrack rock ! however , sonic adventure dx be not without flaw . there be a few time where the collision get a little awry , and the cutscene be not amazing , too . while the story be nicely do , some bit of dialogue be a bother . oh , yeah , and there be big the cat . nevertheless , these be , again , minor problem , as the game be so much fun that you would hardly think about they . oh yeah , and the unlockable collection of Game Gear game be a great bonus !
Video_Games	POS	5	Jugar sin mando significa jugar con todo el cuerpo . kinect responde a tus movimientos . asi que si tienes que dar una patada , da una patada . Si tiene que saltar , salta . Ya sabe como jugar . Solo tiene que levantarte del sofa . e una consola interactiva que complementa al xbox y que se puede jugar sin controle de mando . La consola lee lo movimientos de las persona y lo reproduce en el videojuego que se este jugando . Los titulos ya estan disponible : \* kinect adventure - 4 de noviembre . \* Kinectimals - 4 de noviembre . \* Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1 the Videogame - 16 de noviembre . \* Game Party : in Motion - Noviembre . \* Dance Central - 4 de noviembre . \* you shape - 4 de noviembre . \* the biggest loser Ultimate Workout - 4 de noviembre . \* ea Sports active 2 - 16 de noviembre . \* Zumba Fitness - 18 de noviembre . \* DanceMasters - 4 de noviembre . \* Kinect Sports - 4 de noviembre . \* MotionSports - 4 de noviembre . \* Deca Sports Freedom - Noviembre . \* kinect Joy ride - 4 de noviembre . \* Fighters Uncaged - 4 de noviembre . \* Sonic Free Riders - 4 de noviembre . \* Adrenalin Misfits - 4 de noviembre . kinect adventure e el videojuego que viene incluido en la compra de la consola . se los recomiendo no se van aburrirrr .
Video_Games	NEG	2	it may have the brand name , but it be fake . the button be hard to push aka soft . it be just overall low quality . it do work , the battery life also be low quality . Came here fast , and it still work .
Video_Games	POS	5	I have own all the nintendo system there be ... now some gamer will write , `` the gamecube have the best graphic out of all the nintendo system . let I think a moment here ... we do not have the technology in 1985 !!! out of all the next generation console out there ps2 have the best game ... but gamecube be in a dead tie when it come to graphic . a lot of people be talk -lrb- stuff -rrb- about Xbox , but you get to give it to they , microsoft do not do a bad job for there first system ... they could improve in the year to come . the gamecube controller be one of the best ... it fit perfectly to you hand , though the `` z '' button could have be put in a better place . the classic game , and the new game come out ... all fantastic ! Gamecube also have a revolutionary 3 in '' game disc that be awsome ! the jet black gamecube look like a piece of art ! it really be great ! Nintendo will also be come out with a 56k and broadband modem for online play . Gamecube be a must for all gamer
Video_Games	POS	4	what I love be the cover system . it be on par with uncharted . and I love that the cover point be often destructible . kind of a challenge . also cover be of all size , and some be less effective than other . if it be a 2 foot tall curb , you will literally lay flat on the ground to get under it . the slide suit ! Bravo ! God that be fun . truly something I have never see before . hell fun zoom around the level . the game be a little short but you can play it over and over , cuz there be a million way to pass a level . the few downside be 1 there be no on-line mode . 1 player only . I think it be a good start for this franchise . and I be glad they do not try to force the on-line mode into the first version , because the gameplay be pretty incredible . I can see how it would be hard to do a multiplayer mode . but for the sequel they should disable `` bullet time '' and let the player zoom around the map . also ... give we a \* jump \* . please . I get so frustrated with game that do not have a jump function . sure you can kind of do a quick double tap to cover , and then climb over a obstacle , but it be not the same as be to jump from say one raise platform to another . it take you out of the fantasy , when you want to do something very intuitive , and then realize the limitation of the simulation . the fact that you sometimes get stick around a 3 foot tall obstacle be kind of the only problem with this game . in term of cover base 3rd person shooter , uncharted be still king . no question . but this definitely have potential . I give it a strong 8.5 \/ 10
Video_Games	NEG	2	in short . this be a lot of cut scene , occasionally interupt by a game . if I just want to sit back and watch , I would have rent amovie . ban all cut scene .
Video_Games	NEG	2	the game be the original and that be fun , goofy campy , corny fun . but the softaware and the support be horrendous , i try to re-install on my recently purchase computer -lrb- vista home premium -rrb- and could install but not play it
Video_Games	NEU	3	my only complaint be that most fight stance look stupid and retarded include the way the character move forward and backwards , for that reason it make I feel dissapointed and think that I be play a 4 year old game with mature blood and violence level . the same go for deadly alliance thru armagedon include mk vs dc universe -lrb- I can not stand some character like Batman , Wonder Woman , and almost everybody else fight stance -rrb- completely mediocre , do not get I wrong the fighting be entertaining and this game bring all the nostalgia from the first mk game without a doubt but this issue screw the whole experience for I , I be really look forward to this one and I do not want to see this franchise fail , I be follow mk since it first come out in 1992 , back then it be groundbrake ; graphic , sound , in game secret and even a block button but since Ultimate MK 3 this franchise change drastically . compare to Tekken and Street Fighter series they always deliver great animation overall and the same go to only King of fighter 94 and 95 , if the next mk game will not have this issue then it will be flawless .
Video_Games	POS	4	when I buy this game the sale price be cheaper then buy a remote seperatly . so I buy it for the remote . however my family have enjoy the game .
Video_Games	POS	4	overall I think this game be pretty hot and like play it . in my opinion the graphic be phenomenal , the storyline keep I interested and it work very well on my laptop with little to no problem . I also really like the fact that it make you think and actually use you brain in order to decide what to do with all the object you have collect however I find myself get stick multiple time in the game . this be my biggest issue and it get to the point where I have to go to a cheat\/walkthrough site just to help move I forward to the next level\/board . I will admit that some object collect make absolutely no sense to I until find out what to do with they after read the walkthrough . and I wish this be not so , because I would have find more satisfaction in solve all the mystery without help but unfortunatley I could not . overall the game be highly enjoyable , highly recommend and I be look forward to play a sequel -lrb- if one exist -rrb- in the near future .
Video_Games	POS	5	I buy this game for my boyfriend 's birthday and he love it . the game be in very great condition and it ship with impeccable timing .
Video_Games	NEU	3	edit - add one star due to additon of more hardcore game mode on Mulitplayer . it be still no mw though ... this game do seem like a step backwards from mw2 . the single player aspect do not keep I interested long enough to finish it , but most will buy this for the multiplayer anyway , and here 's my thought on it : GOOD : - commando\/lightweight be go , no more get knife as you be shoot someone - killstreak reward kill do not count towards next killstreak . - I like the purchasing system for weapons\/attachments etc. . but you still have to unlock the weapon by level - have not run into any glitching . nobody hiding in rock , under the ground , or float a mile in the sky -lrb- so far -rrb- - the ability to revive down team mate BAD : - lot of lagging and bad connection . my connection be fine on other game , so it be not just I ... - spawn system be terrible . Random enemy spawn directly behind you , no matter where you be - it take too many round to get a kill on core . damage threshold need to be lower a bit - there be not enough hardcore game mode -lrb- where be hardcore headquarters ?? -rrb- - sound be not very good at all . I should ` nt have to get shoot by a helicopter to notice that it be there . - dog unrealistically too hard to kill -lrb- especially on hardcore . I can kill a man with one shot but not a dog ? lol -rrb- - map be fairly small with not much for sniper to do . there should be at least a couple good snipe map . - no real incentive to prestige imo . not that I 'll put nearly the time into this as I do on mw\/mw2 I think it be a pity that this break the initial sale record for mw2 . it do ` nt deserve it . I hope they can patch some of the issue , but if mw3 be come out next week , I would dump this and move on .
Video_Games	POS	5	I do not know what people be complain about , this be the first time that we see a non `` save the world from the ancient evil '' type story . although I admit that strip away some feature from DA : o be a bad idea for Bioware , there some clear step forward like intertaction between party member , lack of clear good or evil char and many more be definetly a plus in my book !
Video_Games	NEU	3	first , I want to write this review ten or so hour into the game but decide to wait until I have nearly beat it to confirm my opinion but yes , like a few other reviewer , I be disappoint in the storyline . while the graphic be excellent and the music be good -lrb- never annoying , although I do not catch myself stay in one area like I use to in ff vii so the music would not end -rrb- . the story just never click , I never really feel connect to any of the character . my personal favorite be ff iv , VI , VII and X. All have that quirky japanese humor and can be a little touching as well , plus all -lrb- or at least the first three -rrb- have excellent , very hum-able music -rrb- . this game strove for a more serious epic plot and perhaps lose some of its spirit in the process . on a side note , I love the new -lrb- ish -rrb- game play . I be always somewhat annoy by the screenshift in final fantasy game and love game like Crono trigger and secret of Mana . in my opinion , this game be still a lot of fun and worth purchasing , although not in my opinion the best in the series .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be so fun i play it for about 2 hour when i get it . it be a very fun game the big ball be one of the easiest challenge
Video_Games	POS	5	Works wonderful and at a great price . have for 2 month now and still not a issue yet ! bring one set and be so impressed , come back and bring a second set !
Video_Games	NEU	3	I love this controller at first , but after not even a year , with no abnormal treatment , its no longer work the way it should . : - -lrb- Buttons be not work that should be and then work when they be not touch . no water damage either . just go funny .
Video_Games	POS	5	I want to play Halo 3 use a PS3 controller - that be I . I have countless hour log play FPS game on PS3 like mag and be not try to re-learn how to walk on my 360 . plus I find the 360 controller uncomfortable , it cramp my finger and that creep into my neck . ok , so the version I get be obviously open-box , it come in a plastic bag mark `` make in China '' . usually , this would cost a star on my review , but I do love this gizmo . here be the rule : have everything set up with this device before you turn the 360 on . use a Sony brand ps2 controller and a m brand wire 360 controller -lrb- not a `` plug in '' wireless controller -rrb- . turn rumble off through the 360 dashboard . if this do not work , return the item for a replacement , and if that do not work , post in you review which 360 you be use so people can figure out what work and what do not . I be use a old white 20 gig 360 . BTW , this also work on a pc - I be able to get it to work with some emulator .
Video_Games	POS	5	before I play this game I play SMT : Nocturne . I be impress with the game mechanic , as well as delighted with the difficulty of the game -lrb- unlike ff game , it be possible to be wipe out by even low level monster if you be not careful -rrb- . so , when I see another game sport the SMT engine be come to the ps2 I reserve it immediately . frankly I find this game to be better than SMT : n in most respects . true you do not get to create a `` army '' of monster as in SMT : n -lrb- probably one of the better feature of SMT : n -rrb- , but you do have a greater control of the growth of you character than you do in SMT : n -lrb- you no longer loose forever the skill that you replace -rrb- . so here be a breakdown of the game : plot : 4\/5 very good plot , somewhat confusing , but most of we who play japanese game and read Mangas be use to be keep in the dark about what be really go on -lrb- as well as spending much of the earlier moment confuse as hell ... big-o be a great example of this -rrb- . much like Xenosaga , there be a lot of information available that can be use to help figure thing out , but you have to pay attention and be ready to think a little outside the box . the only thing I dislike be the use of the `` silent protagonist '' . I hate this technique with a passion , where the main character be only give choice every once and a while , and in the meantime do not say a single word . some of you may be familiar with this technique , as it be be use in a lot of game , such as Chrono trigger -lrb- and cross as well -rrb- , SMT : n , the breath of fire game , and a couple of the Suikoden game -lrb- the first one for sure -rrb- . the reason I dislike this technique ? it cause the main character to be flat , shallow , and pretty much iconic . basically , it prevent a lot of possible character development for who should be the focus of the plot . but with the silent Protagonist character , you can only learn about the main character through other , and the other be of course allow to reach a depth the main character can not obtain . in SMT : dd the main character `` Serph '' be the allow only to reach a state that I would call `` robotic . '' there be a couple of moment where he be portray as have more depth , but those be flee and overall you be leave with a character who seem to lack a personality . this aside , the other character be develop fairly well , with enough left unknown to merit the sequel . graphic : 3\/5 good . this be make stright up use the SMT engine from nocturne . they even keep most of the demon from nocturne . the background and dungeon be somewhat drab , but that be do intentionally because of the setting in which the game take place . the only negative side to the graphic be that sometimes the resolution be somewhat low , which can lead to problem with position . sound : 5\/5 excellent . this be one of the few success in voice act I have see in a dub video game recently . while the voice acting be not the best in the world , it at least portray the character well , and the line be not give with a constant tone of wooden indifference . there be a couple of voice that do not quite hit the mark , but the core cast be very well do . the music be excellent , many of the tune fit the atmosphere , and the introduction reel by Etero Anime fit the intro scene . control : 5\/5 Great . the control be almost exactly as they be in SMT : N. The battle system use the same attack number determination as well . most control be straight forward , although the battle system be more complex for those use to ff turn base style combat . but if you pay attention and read up on the combat , it become second nature after a while . novelty : 2\/5 below average . this be the one low point of the game . it be unfortunate that they choose to keep so many of the monster from SMT : N. it make the game feel more like a mod than a actual self enclose game . by keep so much of the SMT : n system they pretty much lose all ability to consider the game a novel creation . although dd be a great game , if you have play nocturne , you 'll find yourself say `` hey wait a minute I have see this before '' quite a bit . the plot be quite original , as be many of the item and some new skill . but for the most part , it feel like you be play a game with 40 % new material and 60 % recycled material . overall : 5\/5 it be a great game despite a few flaw . if you like SMT : N then you 'll love this game . if you hate SMT : n or find it frustratingly difficult , then you 'll find this game much the same .
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be awesome . a must to have for everyone interested in war game . Story line , sound and video grafic be excellent . I be very happy I have purchase this game . already finish the game in the easy and medium mode . I be work in bit the game use the hard mode . let see what happen ...
Video_Games	POS	4	pick this up from the PS + free-bee for April . have not have much time to really play it till this past weekend . I never try the first shift , so I can not compare it to that one . also I have only just start play this title this past weekend . this will only be my first impression of this game with more to come . I have to say that I do not know anything of this game before play it . I have play many of the nf series game since the original release back in the early to mid 90 's . I have be a racing fan since Pole position on the Atari -lrb- s -rrb- , Arcaders like out Run or Super off Road with Sims such as hard drivin ' . ha-ha ! seriously though , I have . so I have try many title in my year of gaming . Arcaders and Sims alike . I give they all a fair try before knock they . the nf series have let I down in the past on a few of they release . mostly I know nf as a arcade style , run from the cop , racer with detailed beautiful exotic . the undercover series , or as I refer to they as `` the fast n furious era '' , have some positive , but go in a unfamiliar direction . after those I avoid NFS : shift . I hear that it get decent review , but I have decide to move on from it . those positive point on shift persuade I into run out and snag a copy of the re-release of `` Hot pursuit '' in 2010 . I have be rock that for the past 2 year plus . last year when shift 2 unleash be release I do not even remember that it be a nf title . I have be eyeball the latest nf , `` the Run '' , since play the demo . so I like racer and nf racer I know ... except for these on the `` shift '' line ... till now . my first glance at shift 2 unleash have I excited . the graphic and audio be very well do . they produce a amazing look and feel opening sequence . I also notice that they use AutoLog like in NFS : Hot pursuit -lrb- 2010 -rrb- . I be a huge fan of that feature . if you do not know , find out . the menu be uniquely display and easy to navigate . the menu item regard game play display completion percentage . that be more than welcome . when you get into play it they start you out on a test play . this be sweet ! upon completion of the test you be provide with what NFS think would work for you as far as race setting go . I personally know that I just need a few lap to get the feel of the control down . so you can accept they as nf suggest or retry it . so I do a few attempt ... about 3 or so . afterwards my suggest setting be now accord to the way I last drive as oppose to the first attempt . that be the sweet spot ! ; - -rrb- they start you out with another race and give you cheddar to spend on a new whip . I be assume , depend on how you do on the first race , will determine the amount provide for use on you car . I be think that I do not do so well . I have enough for a Ford Mo-Focus and a upgrade or two . the upgrade on the vehicle be similar to other NFS game . mostly all of they be performance upgrade . there be not any pointless ground glow and window tint kit here . they also throw in upgrade package that be many optimal upgrade for you vehicle . I have only just begin to play this game , so my only vehicle be the Mo-Focus . I be hope that the kit vary from vehicle to vehicle . the upgrade also show a number system for the increase of what area of effect it 'll have on you vehicle . also you vehicle will gain performance value as you upgrade it . this must come in handy with the AI and also boast on-line ranking . example being ; if you have a top time on a track with a mo-focus and you performance value be 500 , and I hold second by a tenth of a second behind with my Mo-Focus , which be value at 300 , you probably do not have much bragging room , and if I take first place I will be gloat . race do take some get use to when you first start . adjustment have a effect too and might throw you off some , so be cautious when upgrade . there be the traditional drive view of 1st or 3rd person drive , but they also have my new favorite of Helmet cam . there be a head turn effect before turn that occur which I now want in all race game . again , this require some get use to , but holy cow , its fun . the right stick too be use as you head turn function . I use it to look up at the rearview to see all of the racer that I have dust . there be also distortion effect that occur upon impact and those impact affect you whip throughout the remainder of the race , so be cautious and learn you limitation while out there on the course . the game play be extremely rewarding . you do not just race for 1st here . you do not just go for the chedda , although the extra chedda help with upgrade . you do not just go for top on the leader board either . this one throw in some objective to complete on each race . they be useful objective that assist with refining you driving skill . I can not recall all of they , though there be these that I can ; lead a lap , race a clean lap , & master corner \/ racing line . each objective provide you with xp to increase you rank . not sure where the ranking will lead to other than reward at certain rank . anyways here , long review short - I be grateful that the April PS + free-bee include this title . if it do not I would be miss out on a great game ... this opinion after play for only a few hour too . so I guess it have great appeal from the jump off , which will make you want to play more of it . if you do not get it free like I , minus the annual membership fee , you should buy it . well worth the same cost of even the most current nf or gt release . thanks to this opportunity I can see a review for the first shift come soon as well . I 'll be update this as I progress thru the rank . get it if you have not .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you a fan of simulation like I , or just love rollercoaster you must own this , I have to buy all three indivisually , but you can pick up all three cheap , make sure you get this before rc2 so you can navigate through easily . there be a couple of drawback like any other game , like guest get lose will drive you nut , if you go build a ride for a few minute , you scare to return to you park and see it in a total mes. , the handyman be quite dumb , and the mechanic walk to slow when a ride brake down , that be pretty much it , a WARNING THOUGH : this game be very addicting I find myself play for hour and hour I think it be give I back probelem , bottom line buy the game .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the game itself be good enough . no complain on that . if you be listen ea , I will not buy ANOTHER GAME with ea on it if you think origin be the future of your way of gaming .
Video_Games	POS	5	product be ship withij the promise time frame . it come new as promise in a unopened and undamaged package . I be very satisfied .
Video_Games	POS	4	Turtle Beach deliver a excellent gaming experience with the ear force x41 digital wireless headphone . I take off a single star for a few con to be discuss , but , overall , the package live up to expectation . though these headphone obviously will not blow away audiophile , they offer enough clarity and separation to hear the entire range of action , from BGM to voice . it also offer a decent 10m range , so it work perfect in a basic entertainment setup . the base also send the digitally process signal through the analog out , a nice bonus . there be a few `` however `` s to point out . the sound be fairly plush , but it be weak on high and low . the headphone will not blow anybody away with bass , and the high be easily distort . the 10m range also mean you might have to play around with you setup . Mine be fine for now , but I 'll have to move thing around to position the base just right . if you get beyond the ` happy ' communication range , you will notice some nasty hissing and pop . if something interrupt the signal , you will notice hissing and pop . also important to note , battery pay a huge roll in maintain quality of audio reception . if you use poor\/low-quality battery or allow the battery to run low , the frequency of the hiss and occurrence of pop increase . my biggest complaint be the include optical cable . it be cheap , far too flexible , and about as thin as uncooked spaghetti . you will want to buy a better quality optical cable . you want a optical cable with some flexibility , but it need to be stiff enough to protect the delicate glass tube . if the glass break , you can kiss the signal goodbye . also , audio pass through for the win ! Turtle Beach understand that gamer sometimes want to enjoy a game with friend and\/or family without disturbing everybody around they . with the pass through , anybody playing along side you get to enjoy the x41 's digital processing without any fuss . also , you can hook up some analog wireless headphone if you , say , want to pull up you preferred music player and listen from 30m \* away . \* 30m range for analog wireless headphone base on average 900mhz
Video_Games	POS	4	after read previous review I decide to get the Turtle Beach x11 for a basic starter headset . they fit comfortably and the sound be amazing after hear game over the tv speaker ! yes there be hiss sound between game and they do get warm after a while but for the price you can not beat they .
Video_Games	NEU	3	if you simply stick the dvd in and go `` click-click-click '' you be go to hate this game . I have a very high-end machine and be get frame rate as low as 1-2 fp ! I be shock ! my system : Geforce 8800 GTS 640mb graphic card e6600 cpu , 4gb mem win xp pro sp2 however , if you scour the web for `` FSX tweak '' and spend the time to carefully adjust the slider and plow through the fsx . cfg file , you will end up with the greatest flight simulator there be ! this be a game that need lot and lot of help to draw out its greatness . Whenever I think about all the work I have have to do to get it to this point , I get really angry at m for not do a better job of customize the software to you hardware -lrb- which they could easily do -rrb- automatically during installation instead of leave all that up to we as the sim community . still , when you finally get it right , the game be soooo sweet that it be pretty easy to get past the hassle . I have have all the msf version since 98 and this be the first one that I have not feel the need to go out and download all sort of third party stuff for . there be enough in the standard package -lrb- although I have buy Acceleration -rrb- to keep I enthused . the only exception to this be FSUIPC . as far as I be concerned , fsuipc4 , by Pete Dowson , be a must . I have always complain that the f flight model just do not feel right . there be a sluggishness to the control and the plane just do not fly stable somehow -lrb- at least that be be my experience -rrb- . fsuipc really improve the flight characteristic of the airplane . I finally decide to spring for purchase fsuipc4 and set up all my control to work through it rather than the game itself . in fact , I just go to the game setting panel and disabled all joystick input ! the result be wonderful ! I can now trim my aircraft precisely and the flight be rock solid . with the release of sp2 -lrb- you get sp2 if you install acceleration -rrb- , frame rate get better and the game behave better in general . sp2 be also a must . here be what I like about FSX : the graphic be fantastic . the terrain look almost photographic and the cockpit and general aircraft graphic be just wonderful . the virtual -lrb- 3-d -rrb- cockpit have arrive . I never use it in fs9 but now I very rarely pop up the 2-d pit as I can see so clearly and have no problem click the hotspot on the VC . atc be greatly improve over fs9 . atc would get so annoying in fs9 that I get to where I do not even want to fool with it . no so in FSX . you no longer get stupid command from controller and thing be much more realistic in that regard . I absolutely love the mission . now , you can fly through hoop , do rescue mission where stuff be blow up all around you , interact with you `` co-pilot '' and change the object of the mission in mid flight , etc. . I be still have a ball go through the mission and purchase the Acceleration pack be largely so I could get some more mission . the selection of aircraft be very adequate in FSX . the helicopter be actually flyable -lrb- for the first time -rrb- in FSX . I have really get hooked on the mission where you fly one of the chopper . I suppose FSUIPC have a lot to do with how much more reasonable it be to fly these thing now . the view system have be improve and be quite reasonable . if you use TrackIR , you will be very pleased with how natural it feel with this game . weather , much better autogen object , more accurate airport , etc. be all huge improvement over what be come before . this be really a great simulation . here be what I do not like about FSX : I have already gripe about FSX 's inability to sense you hardware and set reasonable default . that be just pathetic in my view . it be inexcusable that FSUIPC have to exist . no offense to Pete Dowson and he really great product . it be just that m should provide this as part of the game . I would be embarrass to know that there be a guy make a living `` fix '' the basic flight characteristic of my flight simulator ! this be fundamental . it be a flight simulator after all . I be not a big fan of Rod Machado and all he silliness . Ok , that be a personal thing I know but I just can not deal with try to go through these otherwise useful training mission because of all he ridiculous comment . Enough on that . hopefully you will like Rod and appreciate he `` humor '' more than I do . in fairness , I have go through all the training mission and they be actually quite good . so , in summary , this be really a great flight simulator but require extensive research and configuration to get it to where it be playable . if not for that , this would be a five star product .
Video_Games	POS	4	get it promptly , but the thing actually have a crack\/indentation in it . of the two port , one work perfectly , while for the second , it do not seem to support the analog function of a controller at all -lrb- but the other button get though -rrb- . very tempt to return it and get another one , because it definitely work , but mine come slightly break in the mail .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I have buy the game . I stand in line at Wal-Mart and have a great conversation with the Wal-Mart employee while I wait for the unveiling of the game . I have wait 2 year . then the game come out of the box . I rush home to wait 45 min to the install . it be 12:45 by the time the install be complete . no biggie . I could not wait anymore . I get on the game . I stay up until 4pm that Sunday morning play the game . I be already in the end of the tribal age before I go to bed . I be take my time like drink good wine . I like to at least enjoy the game a bit . I wake up to continue play the rest of the day that afternoon . I be already in the space age before I go to sleep . since then , the space age be just too tedious for I . there be nothing great to it . it be like a math game for kindergartner . I will not lie - it do make I feel like I be great because I finish the game so quick . con : -lrb- 1 -rrb- after 2 year and constant tease with the game , they could not have make the game play just a little harder . I read many review before I decide to make my own . it be true . someone say , `` there be something miss between each stage . '' read the review before mine for the source . this person be correct . you start off as a cell and before you know it , you be in a space ship . by the time you start do very well and want to take over more tribe or civilization , it be already time to go to the next level . a big disappointment . and there be no random factor in it . there be only so many tribe to take out or befriend each time . -lrb- 2 -rrb- I also do not like the fact that you can not add more leg or head or anything to make a stronger , faster , more mobile unit . -lrb- example : a jaw that give +2 bite will over ride the +1 bite no matter how many +1 bite you have . you will only get +2 bite . -rrb- -lrb- 3 -rrb- the end game really suck . it do seem fun at first with the ability to take over million of planet and spread you colony but it be really tedious and boring . it be miss something like point # 4 . -lrb- 4 -rrb- I know it be a lack on my part but I really believe before I buy the game that there be multiplayer ability . I really want to partner with my bro and level up . then I get the game , then really hope for the best that I need to `` get to a certain part '' in order to `` interact '' with my bro . however , this have fail I . ea only copy you creation and randomly put they in other people 's game so if you come across a new race , you will see someone else 's creation which add the random factor into the game . this would have be fine for random aus unit but this game would have rise to the top if it be a multiplayer game or better yet a mmorpg . maybe you have to play offline to level up you own creation then you could upload it to the ea server once you be ready to go for the MMORPG . all lose hope . -lrb- 5 -rrb- I play the game on a normal level . this game could have be much harder . on other game , `` normal '' setting be usually the point where I break into a game to test its limit . instead of `` normal '' it should have have the setting as `` Preschool '' -lrb- 6 -rrb- I do not like the 3 activation and I want to make the statement with everyone else . Rock on guy ! occasionally , I will format my computer because of a suspect virus or Trojan , and the fact that I have to call after 3 time be go to pizzle I off . I should not be worry since I have beat the game anyways . pro : -lrb- 1 -rrb- be a good believer of my faith in evolution , I like the concept of the game . I like the fact you play `` God '' and you have the ability to manipulate the process of what we call `` evolution . '' I could make a huge neck or add wing . I make my people look like bumblebee with yellow and black . everything be black and yellow in my game with a black stripe . I have fun with the design , the concept , and some of the game play . -lrb- 2 -rrb- although there be a lot of people complain about the `` infected software , '' I never have a problem install . I do not do anything else during the install . I leave my computer run and that be it . I be not sure what many be talk about . -lrb- 3 -rrb- I do want to say that I like the DRM idea -lrb- read on first -rrb- . there be so many people upset that be say they be treat like a crook and actually admit to have install on more than 3 pc . the general idea be you can only install one copy on one pc per software title in they term of service -lrb- to -rrb- on most software . people who be break those rule be do the same as steal from store or take credit for someone 's work . since I have say all that , I like the idea because no matter how secure you make something , there be go to be someone dedicate to crack it . I will doubt there will ever be such a thing as a `` uncrackable game . '' per ZDNET , there be a crack version to bypass that anyway . if the uneasy individual be smart , they would sit back and read the news . however , if you do not want to risk that option , well refer back to my con as a protest against it . -lrb- 4 -rrb- finally , expansion to the game be probably go to happen at 49.95 a pop . then they will combine they and force a price tag of 49.95 for the whole set . then it will be all on one dvd in a few year with the full game . we know the store set the price but ea surely recommend a price . I would not waste my money on any future expansion pack . there be nothing they could do to the game to change the crap unless it change the whole AI engine and add much more need scripting . I be glad I do not buy the collector 's edition since Wal-Mart do not have at the time . my recommendation be to wait till the game be $ 10 buck .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the DRM be insane . I can not even install the game to play on separate account on the same computer . they need to offer a family pack or something similar . I do not mind ` rent ' a game if the DRM scheme be reasonable but what be use for spore make it very family unfriendly .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be a big fan of the civilization series , and pre-ordered my copy of civilization v hope it would be even better than the superb civilization iv . have play several game through to completion now , I have conclude that it be really pretty dull . the fundamental problem be that the game be too easy . a single-player strategy game like this be only as good as the computer opponent , and the one in Civ V be pushover . I have play several game now at the highest difficulty level , try for various different victory condition , and win easily . I do not think this reflect on I be a superior player . I make lot of mistake . the issue be that the computer opponent do not play to win , or even to try and stop the human player from win . for example , there be one game where I could see that , be I to somehow switch place with one of the ai , I could win in a matter of just a few turn by spend its enormous trove of cash bribe city state to elect I world leader . the AI just sit there , do nothing in particular . in another game , I have target myself at win by build a spaceship and send it to Alpha Centauri . I see several other civilization achieve the prerequisite for build a spaceship ahead of I , and think maybe I be in trouble . but they do not even try to build they spaceship . and not because they be busy try to conquer the world , or win through some other mechanism . they pretty much just sit around . so I be able to eventually catch up and win again . there be also a lot of little thing about civilization v that I find annoying . for instance , there be the fact that you have no way of tell what the ai think of you or of each other , so war seem to happen at random . or the way you have to micromanage move you unit because the pathfinding be very poor . I could go on . combine these smaller issue with the overarching lack of a challenge , and it give the impression of a game that just be not design very well . I really want to like this game . and I think I give it a fair try . it be good enough to be engage for maybe a couple dozen hour , so by some folk 's standard I get my money 's worth . but I would have more fun if I would just keep play civilization iv , and I would recommend that game instead -lrb- or quite a few other -rrb- to anyone consider civilization V.
Video_Games	POS	4	this system be the best . the game of a ps2 be better than ever . I mean almost all the game on this system be 3-d . this system will go on for generation . so buy it it be the best !
Video_Games	NEU	3	I buy this game remember how much I enjoy have Smash Bros. party with my friend and play the original Smash Bros. all night with they . well time go on and now I do not have my friend nearby to play with so I have be go at Super Smash Bros. . brawl solo . I 'll be honest and say that I have not give it alot of time but here 's what I think so far . the control seem to be a little harder to catch on to than with the original n64 controller . I have not be able to get quite the quick response from my character that I remember that I use to . there be lot and lot of extra and one player game option but like I say it be not quite the same as play against 3 other human . once I finish the one player story mode , which be pretty cool , I do not know if it will have a whole lot of replay value . so , if you have a bunch of friend that will give you some good competition then go for it and I be sure that this game will provide hour and hour of character smashing fun . -lrb- I just remember that there be the online function which I have not be able to utilize yet which may equally substitute non-online multiplayer . -rrb-
Video_Games	NEG	2	after many frustrating attempt to install the power tool , I go to the Hasbro website and find out that you can only play the game with the mouse if you have Windows xp ... what a bummer this be to my six and four year old son . they still have fun play it with the mouse , but it be not they first choice . thankfully , I order this when it be 50 % off , or Tonka Joe would really be on my list !!
Video_Games	POS	5	both my 4 year old and 5 1\/2 year old love this game ! the problem solve and exploration aspect be top in my book !
Video_Games	POS	5	the Wii be the best console for all age . it have game for all , for the kiddie , and elderly it have Wii sport , etc. . for the mature , there be re4 , re : uc , Red Steel , Bwii , Metroid Prime 3 , etc. . so do not let some PS3 fanboy spam the Wii forum with repetitive post -lrb- at a time when GHIII be dominate on the Wii , while the PS3 version just seem to stay on the shelf -rrb- delude you decision with they extremely expensive console ! bottom line , Wii rule , PS3 employee invade the Wii and PS3 forum on amazon to swade people to buy the extremely expensive\/lacking originality PS3 . Wii -rrb- PS3
Video_Games	POS	5	i think that this game be a better output from capcom than some of they other game such as resident evil 5 this to I bring out something diffrent than all the other rpg that be be make to date .
Video_Games	POS	5	I would recommend try the online version of this game first to see if you like it . it be a very simple word game but I find it nice to relax with while watch tv . I enjoy play without the timer ; it be less stressful . it be pretty much the same as the online game but have room to a house that you unlock as you gain level and word you can unlock to build book for you library . you cant really do anything with these book or this house but it be fun to try to find the word for the book . fun , simple , game for people who like to spell . try the online game and if you like it you will like this .
Video_Games	NEU	3	more time be spend watch \* unskippable \* cut scene than actually drive . restart a race also result in a load screen -- how be this necessary ? Multiplayer be actually pretty fun , if you can find a match . the actual `` game '' aspect be fairly well do , but the frustrating wrapper it be present in render this latest nf more frustrating than entertaining . in short : nf be dead , long live nf . I 'll be play the version find on the last generation console .
Video_Games	POS	5	I personally hate compare game to one and another , I believe if you be a fan of that particular game genre then play it and enjoy it for what it be . however with call of Duty game it be hard not to compare , there be so much to live up to . I know this be not Infinity Ward and also not Modern Warfare 3 but they do set the bar very high when it come to military fp . so the question be , do black op live up to its predecessor ? the answer of course , be yes it do ! come on ! do we really need to review this game , be there really any doubt ! if you be a fan of call of Duty : Modern Warfare 1 and 2 then you 'll really enjoy this game . honestly I enjoy black op just as much and in some case more . in a nutshell , the graphic be beautiful , the action amazing and the story be entertain to say the least . Controls be great and very fluid and if you have ever play any other FPS you 'll feel right at home , and if you have not its very easy to pick up from the start . Multiplayer have be revamp , include everything that make Modern Warfare great plus fix some of the thing that do not . my only complaint would be the match making , I wish it would match people more by they skill level and not randomly . it be worth the price and -lrb- not to sound like a commercial LOL -rrb- if you only buy one game this year , this should be it . now stop read review and go pick up the game so you can start blow thing up ! by the way , if you see I online follow I around because I be a easy kill . I suck really bad , so right now let I say ; you be welcome for the kill streak ! Mike PSN & Xbox Live gamer tag be MikeJMele
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be excite to get this unit so that I would not have to always change out which system I have hook up in my little office on my little tv . the system work great , mostly . although I do notice some glitch , it be good enough to say that it be justify in price . good thing there be controller port for each system that work , because the include wireless one simply do not work . neither of they . at all . period . I be pretty tick off about that as it show they have no quality control whatsoever . I decide to return it and try again hope I get a work set . I might come back and post a follow up if the next set works\/doesn ' t work .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I buy this item about a week ago . it work good and be nice and quite compare to other cooler for the fat ps3 . but it do not secure and snap onto the ps3 like it should . it do not turn on and off with the console . Mine be still on ever since I put it on and have not shut off yet . I guess as long as it do what it be suppose to . it be ok . right ? good thing I be not picky . I just want to extend the life of my ps3 . decide for yourself . I would not buy this if you be go for quality .
Video_Games	POS	5	we buy this as a gift for we grandchild aged 4 and 9 . they both love it . we grandson play all he game stand up , jump , run , etc. , so we think this might be a excellent outlet , and provide a purpose and learn experience to he activity . he love it ! he 9 year old sister also enjoy it and think it be challenging , and now want more game with a mat . they also live where it be cold and snowy , so this be a great energy outlet for shut in .
Video_Games	POS	5	the initial installation take a bit longer than I think it would because the instruction be a little vague . once it finally connect and you connect the usb cable , it work like a charm . the fan turn on and off when it need to and be not the cacophony of noise other review may claim . if noise really be that big of a issue , turn up the volume or use headphone .
Video_Games	POS	4	I love this game . my only complaint be that I do the digital download , and now can not play the game with steam . warning : if you want to play the game through steam -lrb- as a steam-registered game -rrb- , you will not be able to with the Digital Download . get steam achievement , authenticate collection , etc. will not be possible with the digital download purchase above . I be fairly sure that if you order the box copy , you will not miss out on the above . somewhat disappointing , but mostly just annoying .
Video_Games	NEU	3	I already write a review on this and never see it on the review . I be begin to wonder about Amazon 's accountability and responsibility to its customer . please check you record and get back with I . Keith Trappe
Video_Games	POS	5	Nintendo d have a lot to offer with its wide array of game available . there be plenty of title for casual gamer , the usual list for the hardcore or typical gamer , but more so , a third category in learn software , which be why I purchase the d . Games like Brain Age , Brain Age 2 , and Ubisoft 's assortment of my \*\*\* coach game plus numerous other title , d be not only fun but educational . along with the Wii , Nintendo have definitely get the formulum down in make system that appeal to everyone .
Video_Games	NEU	3	just a preface , we have the old incredible machine game which have be `` incredible '' as it have hold the interest of my 4 boy -lrb- now 6,9,11,13 -rrb- for many year . that be indeed a marvel since it be graphic be date and will run on virtually any pc from 1998 on . this be suppose to be a modern version of this type of game . it be but the interface be not intuitive and do not make effective use of the mouse imho -lrb- probably because this be also available for console system -rrb- . it be very hard to grasp what to do initially -lrb- as the other review state -rrb- but you slowly figure it out . maybe with more play it will be easier but the designer could learn a few thing from the old incredible machine game . also of note be that it will install in xp but will not run , until you manually install m dotnet 3.5 -lrb- I find this out after some googling and it be on the game designer web forum -rrb- . this be only necessary on xp , on Windows 7 it run without issue .
Video_Games	POS	4	I 'll start by say how surprised I be to see the amount of negative review this game have garner here . Sure-Prince of Persia : the Forgotten Sands be not perfect , but for the most part it be a very solid and fun play through . if anything , the only real disappointment of the game be it be unremarkable last gen graphic . it be pretty safe to say a game be fun when a player start the game all over again immediately upon its completion . that be exactly the case for I with Prince of Persia : tf . I have even consider a third play through . it be that fun and addictive . Make no bone about it , I be a huge prince of Persia fan . `` the Sands of Time '' be still one of my all-time favorite game . that particular entry be about the closest thing to perfection I have see in a game and the two follow up game `` Warrior within '' and `` the two Thrones '' be for the most part great to play as well . then come the 2008 title `` Prince of Persia '' for Xbox 360 and PS3 which be beautiful to look at but unremarkable to play . `` Prince of Persia : the forget sand '' be a welcome return to the Prince 's earlier root and I enjoy this one exponentially more than the last entry . what I do miss from the last game however be the graphic . in comparison to the 2008 Prince of Persia , TFS be a fairly large step backwards graphically . this game look as though it might have be perfectly at home on any of the last gen system . outside of the cut scenes-the graphic be pretty mediocre and surprisingly bland for a series know to graphically wow the player with each outing . and -lrb- as a side note -rrb- what be up with the ugly black glow around the Prince in certain area ? `` Alan Wake '' have this same graphical weirdness . I truly hope this be not some new trend in video game graphic . it look really ugly and out of place and do not do the game 's already so-so graphic any favor . one of the Forgotten Sands most notable characteristic be how `` player friendly '' the game be . it be not overly difficult or frustrating -lrb- outside of a few section with freezing and unfreeze water at the very end of the game -rrb- and combat be very straight forward and easy to understand . also-the game do a great job of let you know where to go and what to do next . it be also well paced-switching back and forth frequently between combat and platform so neither mechanic get too dull or repetitive . there be a few tradeoff to this more player friendly prince however , and that come in the form of less nuanced combat mechanic -lrb- combat have devolve somewhat into mere button mashing -rrb- , easier puzzle and less challenging `` trap '' area . this be most definitely a more casual Prince experience than previous games-but that be not necessarily a bad thing . sometimes it be great to just sit back , relax and play a great game that do not expect the world from you . that be say though , `` the Forgotten Sands '' be not at all shallow or forgettable-quite the opposite in fact . New ability like freezing water , reveal past area , a cross chasm jump ability involve you enemy and upgradable elemental power add a lot of freshness to the Prince franchise . these new play mechanic go a long way to revive the POP game play we be familiar with and add a whole new level of fun and technique . the water freezing alone make for some absolutely brilliant and completely original area the likes of which no prince of Persia have see before . of course classic try and true POP mechanic make they return as well include wall running , column hop , time reversal and even a couple of mechanic introduce in the 2008 game . Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands be perhaps not the most graphically finesse game it should be consider the gorgeous last installment , but it be definitely a return to the brilliant fun play of the last gen trilogy . I be eagerly await the next prince installment where hopefully both the game play and the graphic be truly up to par with the current console generation . regardless though , this be still a absolute blast to play and should not be pass up under any circumstance . PS : one last thing I want to comment on be the length of the game . several people have gripe that the game be too short . true , the game be only about six or seven hour in duration , but that be not a bad thing . not everyone have 30 plus hour of free time on they hand to sink into a video game . the Forgotten Sands be a great experience for all seven of it be hour , so why do it matter how brief the game be ?
Video_Games	POS	4	everyone be review the big issue . here be a few detail could be important to some people : - if you only have vision in one eye , can you still get a 3d effect ? answer : sort of . it be like look at lenticular postcard -lrb- or the lenticular cover of Street Fighter iv 3d -rrb- . you wiggle the screen back and forth , and the image switch back and forth . this have work well with some of my relative . however , it probably be not a good strategy on most game . - I try insert the sd card from my camera , and find I could view all the photo on the 3d ! it be a little slow , but it do work . someone have already mention that you can also listen to mp3 music file this way . and give that the system update give you a 3d music video -- will a later update give we the ability to see we own video ? or even record 3d video on the 3d ? not sure , but one can hope . as it be now , the short video that be on my sd card do not show up on the 3d . - what happen when I insert the 3d sd card into my camera or computer ? just try this . you can see 2d version of you 3d picture . - the camera quality remind I of lower cost camcorder I have have -- they work pretty well in bright lighting , but look grainy indoors . there be several adjustment like lowlight , b & w , sepia , negative . - I have be a big fan of 3d for many year , have enjoy the 3d effect of many movie -lrb- creature from the black lagoon , Comin ' at Ya , not to mention Avatar and Green Hornet -rrb- and the old viewmaster and so on . so I be surprise to find that I , too , experience headache after a couple hour use . my guess be we will all get accustom to the glasses-free 3d effect with time and experience . - Update : there be nothing real special about the ar card . I make a color copy and it work fine . I also scan it in , and play off my computer screen and my iphone ! hilarious !
Video_Games	POS	5	we buy the Wii package for we adult daughter as a Christmas gift . she be thrill and have already wear out two battery . the package arrive in good time and in good condition .
Video_Games	POS	5	awesome , lot of content , great game , come with stand and 6 ar card . this game provide you with hour of diverse gameplay . at the beginning of each level you get to fit then you attack on the ground . you get to fuse weapon . this be the best 3d game ever !
Video_Games	POS	4	as everyone else have note , this game be fun and I love have a game where a 50 + year old mom have the possibility of beat she child at a game -lrb- at least until they practice more -rrb- . but I buy this for the exercise so I want to dance to several song without a break . my manual mention a tournament option , but my version do not seem to have it . be there two version of this game and I have the wrong one ? have anyone else figure out how to play several song in a row without stop ?
Video_Games	POS	5	this game seem very confusing , and have a very poor story at first , but as you begin the game these two idea be both proven false . the control in this game be extremely easy to get into and get use to . the basic concept be very simple ; you have to roll over random object to increase the size of you `` katamari '' . along the way there be many object to increase variety , and add they all to you collection require hour of extra gameplay . this game have incredible value , as it be price be very low consider the value of this game . the major highlight of the game be the incredible gameplay , unique , but catchy music , and basically the raw fun of see something be push around by a mouse eventually pick up entire building . fun to watch , even better to play , this game be one of the best !
Video_Games	POS	5	we buy this game for my 6 year old a few month ago . he absolutely love this game . he play it everytime he be allow to play he playstation . he say it be awesome and all of he friend with ps2 's have this game and if they dont have it then they want it . I recomend this to all power Ranger Dinothunder fan and so do my 6 year old . even my husband play this with he .
Video_Games	POS	5	pokemon blue , red , and yellow be almost the same . except mybe blue version have 1 or 2 more pokemon than red , or vice-versa , but yellow , u can tell the difference . number one -- there be actually a little bit of color when u play it on Game Boy Color system . number two -- Pikachu follow u around the stage instead of carry he in a pokeball . number three -- Pikachu say he name instead of do all those annoying noise , but all the other pokemon still do though . also , drawing of the pokemon get better also .
Video_Games	POS	5	so I be tire of switching cable composite\/component cable at the back of my PS3 to alternately switch between a older , Sony CRT VEGA tv -lrb- which still have a spectacular picture btw -rrb- and to a projection system use a component cable ... so I order this universal cable to avoid swap connector at the PS3 . why would anyone do such a thing ? simple , I be not always in the mood for a giant gaming experience and it avoid use precious projector bulb life 'cause they be not cheap . the cable work perfectly for this purpose on the PS3 . both composite and component connection be route in the cable and both work with the selector switch on hdtv -lrb- PS3 in NTSC mode -rrb- . to define the ultimate in laziness , I no longer have to leave the couch to switch between the two ... it be just a menu setting change on the PS3 . all route pass through my av receiver so I do not even have to change the input selection on the receiver . I could route component signal to the tv as well but I would have to have a buffered video signal box to split the receiver 's component output while not degrade the signal to the projector . not to mention the tv be natively only ntsc resolution anyway even though it do have a component input -lrb- a complete waste -rrb- . I could go into greater detail about video format but seem like overkill just talk about a cable . since the universal cable be also suppose to work with the Wii , I think I would plug that in too . user should take caution when attempt to turn on two device at the same time and potentially just plug they in at the same time as all the connection be route together in the cable which could lead to a video\/audio output try to drive another video\/audio output . probably will not hurt anything except there will not be a picture or sound . I quickly discover , however , that the composite signal for the Wii with the selector on hdtv do not output anything on composite . I would guess that the Wii console need to detect a pin on the cable to switch video mode ... can not run both output at the same time but be that really important for most user ? : -rrb- I do not test the cable with a 360 but I will say I be impressed that the 360 connector appear to have the optical audio converter build in like the Microsoft brand component cable . I see that at the time of write the m component cable for 360 cost a little less than this universal cable . chance be it be the same as the Wii in that the console need to detect a pin on the cable to switch video mode so the component\/composite can not be use simultaneously . basically , cable work exactly as I be hope for my PS3 : -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	I know that this be the most scariest nd game you ever make !!!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	this game be a load of colorful , music fill fun ! there be a million Freddi fish and Fatty Bear cameo , and there be more than enough info about animal . Putt-Putt have to find all the baby animal so the zoo can open . click on and try everything ! there be so much to do ! this game teach logical problem solve skill , and some animal fact , too . I love this game ! if you like this game , try other Putt-Putt game , and maybe Freddi fish , Fatty Bear , Pajama Sam , and SPY Fox , too .
Video_Games	NEG	1	it be a cool idea of play 4 game from previous console , but the original 's `` rupee obtain '' sound be not the same . Majora 's Mask have issue , which be more irritating . it be like they release a rushed beta version of this game .
Video_Games	POS	5	the first Kingdom Hearts be a classic , but I feel this one be even better . the story line be clearer and the gameplay be just way more fun in this one .
Video_Games	POS	4	the game be gonna be the major Biggity bomb !!! it will Roxxorz !! I will be take a nap at Wal Mart the day before it come out so that I will own this game for the rest of my life . I think I may sleep with it for the first few night after I get it . Ninja Gaiden be the BIIIIIIIIIZZZZZOOOMB !! I be gonna destroy all dem mounster .
Video_Games	NEG	1	Games from Disney Interactive consistently do not work for I . they run slowly , crash , and freeze .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a 50 + woman who have always like video game . I can sit for hour and play a ea sim game . that be the problem -- sit for hour . we Wii be new . my arm be very sore from play tennis for the same hour I use to sit nearly motionless with a computer game . this be a good thing for someone my age . finally ! something to do with my retirement when it be rainy and windy and cold and I be stick inside ! I love it . we only have the sport game now but I be go to look into other . anything that be best play stand up and move around ! I have no complaint . I know that the novelty will wear off eventually , but that be true for almost everything in life . we be on the fence about buy this system for a long time -- if you be as well , just do it . you will be glad you do .
Video_Games	POS	5	the game be fun . pure and simple . the bunny be amusing and the fly dragon take concentration and work . the ice slide be outstanding and , again , take patience . if the game be too easy , people would complain ... if it be too hard ... people will complain . bottom line be - you can not please they all . but the way they make the character switch be a good , solidly easy play . I be look forward to the next one . great job , guy & girl .
Video_Games	POS	5	we play this game yesterday at a friend 's house with a group of 5 kid who range in age from 3-12 . they all have a great time and burn off a lot of energy ! the gameplay be easy , the team play mode be great , and the kid have lot of silly fun . it be my first time play one of the just Dance game , and I will definitely be purchase the other just Dance game for I and my older kid , because we would prefer the song by the real artist . for people with younger kid , this game be fantastic fun .
Video_Games	NEG	2	I be a huge fan of mass effect and play first 2 game plus read all the book and love they . even after many year both mass effect 1 and 2 be on my hard drive until i purchase and play mass effect 3 . Game play be great , graphic be pretty decent , voice acting be superb as usual , but that be where the great thing end and disappointment start . not to get into too many detail ... game write could have be much better . most of the character conversation consist of simple question and blunt and cliche response -lrb- joke compare to first two installment -rrb- . which bring I to the absolutely disappointing end , I mean horrible dissapointing ending , I mean extremely horrible dissapointing ending , it be like compare Matrix -lrb- the movie -rrb- to Matrix 3 . I be a mature gamer who can tolerate some distasteful writing but this ... this be beyond distasteful ... the whole mass effect plot break down , crash and burn in last 15 min of game play , it feel like you just change to a different game . I uninstall all 3 game and wish i have never purchase mass effect 3 so I could still have some good memory about this franchise .
Video_Games	POS	5	the ps2 be the best game system out there . it have the most game out , and the best game out . it look the coolest , may not have the best graphic but in psx magazine they say the game maker only tap into the gaming system on like 70 % so in the end if they make a game that can get the most out of the system ps2 have the best graphic . I be a big gamer the x-box be a alright game system have best graphi but freeze to much and lack good game . the gamecube just pure junk lack good game look like crap cant play dvd 's , have o.k graphi but not as good as ps2 's or x-box 's basicly it be for the little kid department -lrb- like mario , zelda , etc. -rrb- + gamecube steal alot of ps2 's game cause it cant think of there own game the only good thing about it be that it have 4 controller port that it ... if you look for a game system to buy get ps2 !  ps2 graphic :4.5 game :5.0 game play :5.0  x-box graphic :5.0 game :4.0 game play :4.0  GAMECUBE graphic :4.5 game :4.5 game play :4.0  -lrb- and on another note ever notice that game cube and x-box game have `` only for x-box and gamecube '' ps2 dont have they cause they aint stick up like they -rrb- + the gamecube fan allways pick on ps2 and x-box say lie . if it wasnt for they i would like gamecube but i dont .  ps2 rock ! x-box O.K. GAMECUBE suck !!
Video_Games	POS	5	word can not express how incredible this game be ! I want to start this review by come in with a bit of a background on myself . I first get into elder scroll when I hear about skyrim be release in 2011 when it be 2010 . honestly , it look great . so I pick up oblivion because I think that would give I a idea . now many may disagree with I . but I be not too impressed with oblivion . I have some fun , but I be scare a lot from explore , and the main quest with the oblivion gate be terrifying . I put in many 10 hour into that game before I call it quit . so when skyrim first come out . I wait just a bit to hear about . I be then fortunate enough to get it as a Christmas gift and even the first scene just blow I away . for return fan , this have -lrb- for I at least -rrb- every aspect of oblivion that I do like , and everything else be near perfection . this game be the most true to a rpg theme than any other . from the start you can truly do whatever you want , whenever you , however you want , as whoever you want . the race create a great mix of culture and dispute , with different benefit and like to you character . the universe be immense and you completely fall into this beautiful world of conflict and distress . the most amazing thing . if you pick up this game , you have just pick up at least 50 hour of entertainment . over the course of 3-4 month . I have play over 100 hour of this game . it be mind blowing . how be a game capable of such a defeat ? the quest be great , and you do not even have to do the main quest if you do not want , and the guild quest will be just as intense and lengthy as the main quest , so you have plenty of fun . every skill be improve base off how you use it . be you into stealth ? sneak around , pick lock and pocket and you will get better as you go . more of a brute ? collect heavy armor and some strong weapon and take the enemy 's head on and become the strongest man\/woman in skyrim . it have a adaptional feature , so it really customize the game to you liking . and you can even build you own weapon and armor with the smithing skill . and for the first time magic be as strong as the other lifestyle . so you can finally live as a mage if you like magic . and learn at a college ! it be phenomenal ! if you a fan of medival castle age or fantasy , you could not ask for a better game . it be simplly perfect . on a scale to 1-10 I would give it a 9.8 and the only reason it be not perfect , be because there be a few bug . I have not experience as many as there supposedly be . but I can not ignore they , and for that reason it be not a perfect ten . but it be as close as one can get . it be a very open world game , and rumor have it that a expansion pack like dlc be to come soon that may even open up the old word of morrowind or cyrodill -lrb- previously release title in the series with a new gen touch -rrb- which I be unbelievably excite for . I can not stress enough how amazing this game be . even if it do not sound like you kind of game because of violence or quest , just try it , and see for yourself , because you want be able to drop it once you try it !
Video_Games	NEG	1	this screen protector show the iphone right on the packaging that you receive it in . it would be nice if they would show the packaging in the picture of the product so you could clearly see what you be get . instead they show the screen protector and a psp go . the screen protector do not fit the go correctly . spend the extra money and go for the Sony product .  pspgo protective screen Film
Video_Games	POS	5	I recently buy the biggest loser and I be surprise that it be as good as it be . when I be work out it allow I to see if I need to dip lower or bring my knee higher . it also be motivate because the bob and jillian character would talk to you the whole game . if you be do good they would say so and if you quit or slow down they would tell you about it . the scanner on the game do put my height wrong , but that be because I do not have my kinect position right . once I get use to the game , it be easy to navigate the screen . I also like how I could personalize my weight loss for myself . I could tell they how many week and how much I want to lose . the game also keep track of my calorie and let I know if I be meet my goal . this game be not mean to be a fun game , but it be mean to help people get in shape . the workout be hard and I love that I could take a break or work harder . overall this game be a five star for I .
Video_Games	POS	4	you may have hear that this game be full of bug and plot hole . and yes , to a certain extent that be true . it be also a involve game with great character who be intelligent enough to notice what you be do -lrb- with the influence system , character will hold it against you if you insult they , like you more if you kill someone they think do not deserve to live , etc. -rrb- . you will need to save a lot of game to guard against crash , but unless it be even more buggy than usual on you computer , the story and gameplay will distract you from it .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I think this game need a ladder to get above one level to Crap .
Video_Games	POS	4	a awesome game that be load of fun ! I have already get hour of enjoyment out of it ... even if I be not very good at it haha .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I love Halo on the Xbox . truly the first or second best shooter on any platform . `` half life on the pc be the other contender '' . on my Multimedia super killer Dell wide screen notebook with the new Pentium m processor , Nvidia FX 5650 go Video with 128 mb video RAM and 1 gig of main memory , Halo performance be abysmal .  i figure the other who say this may have be a bit over the top . they werent ! for Microsoft to have release this piece of drek be irresponsible in the extreme . it be the full Halo game and if you set to the higher resolution , the scenery be gorgeous , but , but , but !  unfortunately , even with virtually all the pretty video feature turn off and resolution set down to a abysmal 800x600 , the massive frame rate -lrb- and motion update -rrb- slowing -lrb- to as bad as less than 1 frame per second -rrb- that take place whenever major scene motion occur -lrb- especially in the middle of gunfight and always during in battle reloading -rrb- . make the game practically unplayable . I complete Halo on the Xbox in normal and heroic mode . but the pc version in standard mode be go to be a real challenge because the frame rate and sluggish mouse update be so bad . really , really bad .  there be thing that could have be do to fix these issue before release , but let face it with halo2 loom , Microsoft have to dump it out here now to have any chance of sell it at all . half Life work on the pc and have a truly excellent interface . they do use lower resolution figure and scenery , but the whole thing work together . halo on the pc be on the other end of that spectrum .  do NOT BUY THIS GAME , IT be AWFUL ! go out and buy a xbox and get Halo for it . xbox Halo , alone be worth buy a xbox for . the only thing of value in the pc version be the Box it come in .
Video_Games	POS	5	how many time I have buy these set seperately I can not say . it be many . now you get get all the infinity engine game in one shot for 20 buck . Hope it all work right technically with you os . it be the only thing I would be wary of . the game be legendary and need no review , Biowares entire reputation be root in its achievement with the infinity engine and Baldur 's gate 2 : shadow of Amn specifically . they have go on to build some pretty powerful franchise but Baldur 's gate 2 have no equal -lrb- or successor -rrb- in gaming . it be the Mona Lisa , of PCRPG 's and that that . unlike the NWN set , this set be `` complete '' but you still will have to mod the game to get the most out of they . I would never play these straight out of the box anymore . perhaps Bioware get too much credit and the modding community deserve a little bit more , for the spit and polish at least .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be actually plan on pick this up today . but I be not go to buy it now , at least until they remove the DRM . by then I probably will not care any more anyway .
Video_Games	POS	4	although this expansion add MUCH NEEDED detail , it be not what it could be , especially for the money . although there be a few skill and a cool town to explore ... I be still look for a expansion with weather ! : -lrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	I have 6 kid from 1 to 9 . this be the best game ever , in my opinion , and everyone in my house can play . we have band hero -lrb- and 2 or 3 guitar hero game -rrb- but my oldest 2 be on different level and it be frustrate for my oldest son . the younger kid can not even play at all . we also have 2 DDR game , but they require too much setup and my little kid step on the mat while I be try to play . the older kid get annoyed wait for I to finish so they can play something else -lrb- even though they be not even think about the Wii til I start play . -rrb- with this game , 4 people can play with remote , and everyone else can play along . the baby even bob he body to the beat . when people come to visit , they always want to play this game . and it do not matter if you know how to play or know how to dance . anyone can just pick it up and play . it be great fun .
Video_Games	NEG	1	the game be different enough from the prior version to be interesting to play . it be also similiar in play to the prior version that you can play the game without refer much to the electronic manuel . downside ; not ready for release . regular and consistent lock-up or crash . I be `` amuse '' to see that they say there be conflict with Symantec anit-virus . they solution : you should completely remove Symantec anti-virus . wow . First patch be out and I still have regular crash ; nearly everytime I try to load a save game . other crash late in the game . my advice , wait until they fix the game before buy .
Video_Games	NEG	2	the xbox 360 afterglow controller be not worth the money . it have a different feel to it than the original xbox 360 controller . my original xbox 360 controller break , and i have to get a new one . I see that this be only $ 30 at Gamestop . do not be fool by the cheap price . the controller be more bulky than the original , and it almost feel like you play a PS3 controller . the only thing that cool about this controller be the tiny led light install into the hardware of the controller . they can stay on , light up when the controller vibrate , sort of make a strobe light effect , or u can just turn it off . if you play a first person shooter , take mw2 for example , you will find that the right joystick be not as sensitive as the original , or do it move as calmly as the original . if you play GTA iv , the left trigger will aim down the sight , but wont lock onto target unless you really push the trigger down . it be the same for the right trigger . so what do I think of this product ? I think if microsoft make it the controller from the same body design as the original xbox 360 controller , it would be better . if you need a replacement controller , or just wanna get another one , -lrb- unless you into LED light in a controller -rrb- just buy a white controller . do not waste you money with this , it be not worth it
Video_Games	POS	5	i get this for my 18 year old for christmas , however all the oldy overtake the game , she didnt get a chance to play , it be great fun , huge laugh and excellent work out . she now have it and say she enjoy it too .
Video_Games	POS	5	Works great for my 360 at first think it be go to be a knock off or something like that , but be deliver really fast & be a authentic Microsoft product and way cheaper then buy it at a retail spot . I recommend this product to any gamer that be into clearer picture for there gaming experience .
Video_Games	POS	5	this pretty pink Nintendo d be the perfect choice for a 10th birthday gift for my bookish granddaughter . she be a well-rounded child who enjoy outdoor play , pull two younger sister in a wagon , cooking , music , family activity , write , art , and reading . but because she be six year older than she closest sibling , she also appreciate quiet time alone . Nintendo d fill this time wonderfully . Educational and fun game make this another tool for enrichment .
Video_Games	POS	5	I be a avid Wii exerciser . I never think I need 2 Wii remote until I become addict to Gold 's Gym Cardio Workout . Boxing be much better with 2 remote instead of the nunchuck . I buy the product use and it be in perfect condition . I be very happy with my purchase and the price .
Video_Games	POS	4	musical note : - this review reflect the single player mode of the game only , but if you have 2 microphone or headset you 'll be able to sing duet and access more mode of the game and thus have even more fun playing . you can also use the EyeToy camera to add you face to the game . - the single player mode , though fewer , be still enough to keep you busy and entertain for month while you be try to constantly better you score , unless perhaps you be a very good singer who can get the top score easily , even on the hardest level of difficulty . - for a listing of the 40 song that be include in the game , just click on the Amazon forum at the bottom of the first page or read the back of the game box which also list they all . none of the real artist sing they song but the sound-a-likes be pretty good for most of they . as well , I sometimes leave the game on while I be work on my computer , so that it keep play the various song in its demo mode . it be just like have the radio on , play top 40 song . WARMUP : this be the first ever Karaoke game I play , and be very surprised to find myself addict to it after just 30 minute of singing . so much so , that I have to scramble around to find the older version of the game which I also love . although the country version have many boring song with only average male sound-a-like singer , I still like the female sound-a-likes and they song in the game , which be enough to still recommend it , even though I play it the least . I start off with a terrible voice but after many day of practice , I be probably much closer to be a average -lrb- once my voice be warm up -rrb- male singer . no , I still can not remember most of the word to the song until I see they pop up on the screen , but my singing have improve enough to get several Diamond record -lrb- highest you can get -rrb- on the easiest of the 4 difficulty level , for some of the easier song like ` Piano Man ' , ` can not help fall in Love ' or ` Breakaway ' -lrb- I be surprised they do not have some big hit song like : Kelly Clarkson 's ` since U be go ' , or James Blunt 's ` you be beautiful ' , and once again there be no abba song include , but maybe some of these song will be in the next version -rrb- . even with only 40 song , it be fun to try to better you high score , and if you have all the other 5 Karaoke Revolution game , you 'll have over 230 song to sing , so repetition be less of a problem . there be also 100 unlockable in this game , include about 24 video -lrb- some fullscreen and some widescreen -rrb- from the american Idol tv show . none of the clip be for entire song and generally only run 90 seconds or less , but they do feature Kelly Clarkson , Katherine McPhee , Clay Aiken , Taylor Hicks , etc. , -lrb- singing song only from this game -rrb- and sometimes join 4 different singer splice together sing the same song . there be also some funny audition include , like William Hung 's ` she bang ' and the Wasp guy . it be too bad the singing clip be so short but it be better than nothing . of the 40 song in the game , only 4 need to be unlock and it be easy to do . to unlock ` Flying without Wings ' , you just need 500,00 total point . to unlock ` Piano Man ' , earn 4 platinum record . to unlock ` Straight up ' earn 6 platinum record . to unlock ` the real thing ' , just get 1.5 million total point in the game . graphic : the cartoony character be basically the same -lrb- if not identical -rrb- as in the previous version and be still nice enough to look at , although until you learn the song melody well enough , you 'll be spend most of you time stare at the pitch arrow and the note tube to see how accurate you pitch be . then of course there be always the lyric to learn , if you want to sound even more authentic . Paula Abdul be miss from the game , replace by she cheaper but still effective counterpart Laura . however , only Simon be really necessary anyway . Simon and Randy look close enough to they real life self and some of the background venue have nice touch , but I think all of they -lrb- other than the american idol stage -rrb- , be in the previous version with sometimes just slightly different thing go on . for instance , here in the beach venue you see a airplane in the background , which have a banner trail behind it which show you name on it and it say , ` happy spring break with -lrb- insert you name -rrb- on the mic . ' ; whereas in Kar . Rev. Party from last year , the plane 's banner say , ' -lrb- Insert you name -rrb- will you marry I ? ' , which be much funnier . the Central Station venue with the subway train go by you be still nice and look basically the same . also , if you sing poorly , you crowd meter go down and you 'll notice there be fewer people in the crowd because people be walk out on you and some will hold they hand over they ear . occasionally , I sing poorly on purpose , just to watch all this and other various thing happen . the various clothing choice be cute , and it be always fun to create a fatso or a skin and bone starlet , and the better you do , the more stuff you 'll unlock . GAMEPLAY : just like before , the game grade you on how accurately you pitch match the singer . a on-screen pitch arrow rise or fall as you raise or lower you voice , try to match it up with the note bar that appear on screen . the more you fill you meter up , the higher rating you get for each phrase . String several good or great rating consecutively together for each phrase and you 'll get a combo bonus and also increase the crowd meter and soon double you score . you 'll soon start to glow and the crowd will cheer more . you do not have to sing the word correctly , but if you sing the phrase -lrb- that be sparkling -rrb- well enough -lrb- pitch-wise -rrb- , you 'll also get a crowd boost . if the crowd meter go to the bottom red part for too long , you 'll be boo off the stage before the song even finish . unless you stop singing , or be completely tone deaf , this will never happen to you so do not worry about it . this be basically the same game as the previous version , except with the american idol contest add , that you can play as either a 8 , 13 or 18 round game . it be easy to win on the easy difficulty level . just save the song you be good at -lrb- for the closing round , once you sing a song it be remove from the list and you can not sing it again in the contest -rrb- , till the last 3 round or so and you 'll do fine . for more of a challenge , let the game randomly choose what song you sing in each round or try the harder difficulty level , which will have larger meter to fill , so it be tougher to get `` good '' and `` Great '' rating for each phrase . as well , try singing without the note bar or the singer , to see how good you really be . some people think this game be tougher than the previous version of the game , but they all seem about the same to I . in the 18 round american idol contest , only in the first 4 round do the judge decide if you advance . after that , the fan voting come into play . you only hear Ryan Seacrest 's voice , but never actually see he . nor do you see or hear the other contestant . you just see they name and yours and how many star each of you get for you song . in round 5 , four people be eliminate and 20 stay . then from round 8 onward , only one person be eliminate . after you win there be a dull screen say you be the american Idol Champion and you also get to sing you encore without be judge of course . also , you can save after each round so you can quit and resume the contest at anytime . also , if you lose , they let you retry the song or pick another one right away . you can even play the american Idol Quick play mode which let you sing one song and then hear what the judge think of you . you high score will still be save in this mode as well . the problem with the judge be that they sometimes get the fact wrong . once , during a contest , while I have over 20,000 point and singing well enough , the judge be cover they ear and at the end say my pitch be not good and that I should not have sing this song again because it be even worse this time around . not only do I not remember singing that song in the previous 7 round -lrb- although I might have ? -rrb- , but more important , be the fact that I get my highest score and a platinum record for this song which then unlock some stuff . so obviously I sing it better this time -lrb- even if Simon be right that I have sing it before ? -rrb- . most of the time however , they get it right and even though they sometimes repeat much of they dialogue , they have enough different variation to keep it interesting and give you a chuckle or too . once you have hear it all , you can always just skip they comment anyway . there be also a Medly mode , again , where you can sing part of three , four or five song string together , but since you score be not save in this mode I do not play it much . I suppose you could write down you best score but I be too lazy to bother . I also like use the Karaoke mode -lrb- there be no judge -rrb- , with the lyric and note bar set to ` off ' , just to watch and listen to my character sing the song . I usually decide not to sing along in this mode because it be then easier for I to notice all the animation and thus enjoy the graphic and sound-a-like singer even more . SOME COMPARISONS with the previous version : this game save you high score -lrb- even the date -rrb- and separate they among the different difficulty level you sing they in , and whether or not you sing the long or short version of the song . unfortunately , you song score be list alphabetically by song name , so if you want to see what song you be best at , -lrb- on a specific difficulty level -rrb- , you 'll have to scroll through the entire list of song to compare . however , I prefer the first three Karaoke Revolution game ' high score listing , because in those one , you score be list from highest to lowest , so it be much faster to see which song you get you highest score on , and which one you need to practice more . although , in the these earlier version , there be no diamond record give for a perfect score , so you never see the word ` Perfect Combo ' on the screen , while you be singing , to help let you know you be on you way to a perfect 50,000 point score . as well , in the older game when you beat you previous high score it say so on the screen . but in this latest version and last year 's country and Party version , it do not . instead , you have to remember you score and then check to see if it be now in the high score section or list as you new best score in one of the song selection screen . sure all you score be still save , but I want to know right after the song if I improve my score . it be no big deal I guess , since the loading in between screen , be very fast , but still I prefer the older way of show thing . this american Idol version have no dancing or minigame option that Kar . Rev. Party have , but that be no big deal since it be hard for most people to sing and dance at the same time without lip-synching -lrb- hello , Ashlee Simpson -rrb- , and the minigame get dull fast . the two basic minigame -lrb- there a extra one if you play with other people -rrb- from Kar . Rev. Party be a okay way to practice singing note , but the game themselves be too basic to be fun for more than a day . another problem be that you score for the minigame be not save , so unless you write they down , you will not know if you improve . if you only want to buy one of these other version , then just pick the one with more of you favorite song in it . however , if you want to be able to sing duet with a friend , DO not buy the first one or volume 2 . as well , all of the other version have about 35-37 song in they , except for Kar . Rev. Party , which have 50 song . MY SO-CALLED SINGING TECHNIQUE : I use the ps2 Konami brand microphone -lrb- which come in this game bundle pack and it have a 15 foot long cord -rrb- , and even after adjust the in-game various setting to change my microphone level , the CPU singer or music volume level , I still find it best to turn on my stereo so I can better hear my voice come through my larger stereo speaker and enjoy the music more . if you do not have you ps2 hook up to you VCR , which be in turn hook up to you stereo system , you be miss out on a bit of the fun factor . however , at night , I sing without the stereo because I do not want to wake anyone up . I still have fun singing either way and can still hear my voice through the regular tv speaker , even with the music and singer set to full or to about two-third of the maximum setting . however , I just recently discover that if I hook up my fairly cheap Sony discman head phone to my stereo -lrb- I still use the hand hold microphone for singing -rrb- , I can greatly improve my score . get perfect 50,000 point score -lrb- easy level -rrb- now happen more often for I . it be obviously because I can stay in tune more easily since it be easier to concentrate on the singer 's voice and match it . I do not think use the game 's usb headset microphone would work as well as my regular head phone and hand hold mic . combination because I have hear that the headset microphone be not as good as the hand hold one that come with this game . also , the headset mic . only have one speaker . the other ear only get a piece of plastic , so it would be like listen to the song in mono . since all the song be in wonderful cd quality stereo -lrb- unlike the mono song of Singstar pop -rrb- , it would be foolish not to have both ear wire for sound . try use either ear phone or head phone -lrb- with a head phone extension cord if necessary -rrb- like I do and you score should also improve . at first I be sing too loud and screech out the high note too often which give I more of a gravelly voice and I could barely ever hit the low note anymore , so I have to rest my voice and sing softer , till I eventually get my full voice back and be then able to more easily sing a high note and then a low note immediately after . avoid strain you voice by singing softer until you have better command of you voice . be patient . on the easy difficulty level , the phrase meter -lrb- use for point -rrb- be smaller so you can miss many of the note and still score a gold -lrb- 12,500 point -rrb- or platinum record -lrb- 20,00 point -rrb- by quite easily fill this meter often enough , especially if you know or learn the melody of the song . Diamond record -lrb- 50,000 point -rrb- be difficult for lame singer like I but it be exciting to see the word `` perfect combo '' on the screen during a song , because I know if I keep get `` great '' rating for each phrase I 'll get that Diamond record . just one phrase that be less than the `` great '' rating , end the chance for that coveted Diamond record . get the word wrong do not affect you score but you 'll feel more satisfied the more word you get right . summary : this be a great game for lousy singer -lrb- hello,k-fed -rrb- who want to improve to at least a bad or average singing level , and even if you be a already good singer , you can use this game to show off to you friend and even learn some of the lyric to 40 song . of course , this also make a even better party game , but because the game show you how much you unlock and how much of the 100 unlockable be still leave to unlock , you 'll probably have trouble stop yourself from singing . you 'll say to yourself , `` just one more song , and then I 'll go to bed '' or perhaps , `` Uggh , I just miss the platinum record by 185 point , I have gotta try one more time ! '' so , do you need this game if you have already play one or more of the previous version but have now lose interest in Karaoke ? the answer of course be no. . however , there be a nice mix of song in this version as well , so if you check out the song list in the Amazon forum post at the bottom of the first page and if you like some of they , Simon say ... `` buy it !!! ''
Video_Games	NEG	1	it be one thing to not to support a feature or product , quite another to actually go out of you way spend money and time disable it . it appear Nvidia 3D support have be completely disabled with this title , although it be support with the ATI alternate 3d suite . try to play it in stereoscopic 3d result in one of the lens just be completely black out . this be not isolate , either . I have yet to hear of anyone get this work with Nvidia 3D . if all be as it seem then it be completely outrageous they have sabotage Nvidia 3D and shaft pay customer like this . PS - 3d at least somewhat work in the beta , so there should not be any reason the final product be release in this state . the game otherwise work , but I do not want to play it unless it be in sterescopic 3d as the first time play experience will be ruin . if you feel the same -lrb- who care 's if you do not ! -rrb- then make sure you kick up a fuss and apply pressure for the developer to fix this .
Video_Games	POS	5	even better than unchartered 2 pro : - good mix of different style of game play - really enjoy the chase or run part where you have to time thing right in order to finish the sequence or get out alive . - good deal of be pin down and have to shoot you way out which be intense and fun . - good mix of bad guy and the need to pick up and use different weapon in different situation . - fantastic and entertaining story line . - transition from movie clip directly into game play be fantastic . con : - I do wish there be more puzzle solve . I enjoy the part where you have to reference the journal towards the beginning of the game , but that seem to go away towards the end . I also wish the puzzle be a little more complex or the clue be more difficult to solve . but do not get I wrong - I be not leave unsatisfied with this game . best game I have play in year . -lrb- note : I play on normal setting . -rrb-
Video_Games	POS	5	i have the original gta4 at first , but when i see this go on sale , i decide to splurge as well as use my promotional credit from before to grab this at a steal -lrb- around $ 16 -rrb- . even if it be at full price i would have still be happy come with gta4 , the lose and the damned , and the ballad of gay Tony , all on the one disc . the only trouble i can see be that each section need to be install on the PS3 . overall though , a great package .
Video_Games	POS	4	long story short , accord to Amazon , I order this same headset in 2007 and its last I 5 good year . unfortunately , it suddenly die yesterday but in that time it be a excellent headset at a great price -lrb- then $ 15 -rrb- . could always hear and be hear clearly . all that say , I plan on buy another one to replace the one that die . I be only give it 4 star because I feel it should have last longer , but I be pretty sure I get my $ 15 worth
Video_Games	POS	5	its nice to buy point from amazon and get they instantly . never have a problem . thanks for the good service .
Video_Games	POS	4	buy the XBOX 360 Live Vision Camera for some elusive achievement , but find little use for it on my 360 . hear that the camera be compatible with mac , plug it in and work beautifully . I have a Mac Mini which with the camera I can now do video call with service like Skype . the camera be easy to use , whether it be for the XBOX or other device , just plug and play .
Video_Games	NEG	1	I be not comment on any specific company here . but my good deal on a remote turn out to be for a DUPLICATE and not the ORIGINAL FROM MICROSOFT . there be a big difference in quality , atleast with my piece . I should have buy a use MICROSOFT remote rather than a new duplicate . please CONFIRM before you buy
Video_Games	POS	5	this be the best pokemon game I have ever play . the pro be : -lrb- 1 -rrb- you can play as a girl this time -lrb- 2 -rrb- you can catch Suicune in tin tower -lrb- 3 -rrb- the pokemon do little action -lrb- 4 -rrb- the all-new battle tower be in -lrb- 5 -rrb- shiny pokemon be not that rare anymore -lrb- ex . from th odd egg i hatch a purple igglybuff and my friend hatch a gold Magby and it evolve into a purple magmar -rrb- this game be DEFENATLY a must have for all pokemon Trainers !!!!!!!!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I truly believe that the Wii make other gaming system boring and I will even say that I no longer want to engage in the thumbplay associate with my XBOX 360 -lrb- yes , I name drop -rrb- . after one hour of playing , I be sweating and my arm be burn . great workout that I do not expect .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be one of the first game my granddaughter play on she new d 3d . she really enjoy it . the game do respond a little slowly to voice command . overall she really enjoy the 3d feature .
Video_Games	NEG	1	my 4-yr old whose fairly computer savvy sum it up best when he say `` this be too boring '' ... strangely complicate to install , hard to navigate , and not much payoff when you do get to place . for I it be too much of what be bad about the Cars movie -lrb- the story\/characters -rrb- and not enough of what be good about it -lrb- action\/graphics -rrb- . if you value you $ 20 , stay on the interstate and zoom past this radiator Springs adventure .
Video_Games	POS	5	as Stephen King 's Number one fan -lrb- wink , wink -rrb- , I can only say how awesome it be to have Stephen King 's f13 run on my computer . it be gory graphic and creepy sound be just what I would expect from the `` king of horror '' . my particularly favorite feature be have Stephen King in a corner of my screen clack away at a new story in real-time . that and a new -lrb- lengthy -rrb- short story . I will not give too much away , but it be one of he creepier one . I would definitely recommend this product to a friend .
Video_Games	POS	5	this be my favorite game in recent memory . when Super Mario Galaxy be first release , I be skeptical about purchase it . I love Super Mario 64 but I think Super Mario Sunshine be familiar and gimmicky so I have priorly assume that there be not any gas leave in the Mario franchise tank . boy be I wrong . to summarize the game , it be at its core a collection of puzzle . the completion of each puzzle award you with star . collect enough star , and you win the game . it sound mundane , but complete each individual puzzle and collect the star have the charm of , say , complete a sudoku puzzle or the daily crossword . but unlike do consecutive sudoku puzzle , the quest to earn each star in Mario Galaxy be so fantastically diverse and mind-bendingly innovative , you 'll have a hard time put you controller down . it stem from the absolutely brilliant and imaginative way the designer use the gravity mechanic in the game - the direction of gravity be constantly change , Mario will be flip upside down , and you 'll have a wonderful time manipulate the game . I should address another issue that give I pause before I buy the game . I have fear from the trailer and preview that either the game would merely involve jump from tiny planet to tiny planet , kill one or two enemy on each one and collect a few coin ; or that the space setting would quickly grow tiresome -lrb- like the sun-shiny setting of Sunshine before it -rrb- . fear not - true some level involve blast from small space object to small space object . but there be tremendous diversity from planet jump puzzle -lrb- which be much more fun than I have anticipate -rrb- to large sprawl landscape to explore much like in Super Mario 64 . further , travel the different planet give Mario the opportunity to visit diversely theme planet - such as you standard green grass setting to fire , ice , desert , water , volcano , etc. setting . so in conclusion , if you be skeptical like I about Galaxy , let I assure you it be well worth try out .
Video_Games	POS	5	exellent game , perfect to play alone at home or with company late at night and with the light off : d
Video_Games	NEG	1	I consider buy this game but change my mind after read about the onerous DRM .
Video_Games	POS	5	it be easy to use , cheap and funny , my son learn to play very quickly and modify he previous game offer new alternative for entertaiment and hour of pleasure . the code be provide by the web . I recommend you .
Video_Games	NEU	3	by now , you have probably hear all of the news story about the sensational success of the Nintendo Wii . it be sell out everywhere . Grannies be play Wii Sports in nurse home because it be so easy to pick up and play . but here 's what you will not hear -- the Wii be a pitifully outdated piece of junk with one major gimmick -lrb- the motion control -rrb- . I would like to see follow-up news story about the grannie to see whether they still turn the thing on . I know that mine now mostly collect dust , as do most other Wiis the define feature of the Wii be its motion control . here be the dirty little secret that the fanboy and enthusiastic recent buyer will not tell you : the Wii control be terrible . I have play through a lot of game , range from the AAA title like Mario Galaxy and Zelda , to the party game like Mario Party 8 and Wii Sports and I can say this -- motion control be awful . there be absolutely no precision to it . if you have dream of use the wii-mote realistically like a lightsaber , than forget it . it do not facilitate any kind of decent control . the only game where motion control actually improve the gameplay be Wii Bowling . in every other game , it be generally a annoyance that be use in gimmicky fashion . Random button press have be replace with random wii-mote gesturing . by the time you have play a game like Zelda or Bully for a few hour , you will be wish that you could push button in lieu of wave you wii-mote around . this be why 90 % of the software on the Wii be shovelware party game . this be why the Wii have the lowest ratio of software to hardware sale out of the three major console . speak of shovelware , the Wii have by far the worst library of any game console this decade . most of what come out for it be unplayably bad . there be a few great first party Nintendo title -lrb- which be largely rehash from prior Nintendo platform -rrb- , and a few great third party title like Bully and Resident Evil 4 that be already available on other system . every multiplatform game that come out , whether its Madden football , Star Wars : The Force Unleashed , Guitar Hero , or a call of duty game , put its worst version on the Wii . if you do not believe I , then look up the review for these game . the Wii always get the worst version of every game . I can not think of one single exception to this rule . the reason for the poor Wii software library be that the Wii be nothing mroe than a gamecube with gimmicky motion control . everything about the technology , like graphic , level size , and load time , be bad . the Wii see none of the recent advance that have improve video game , like realistic physics . not only do the Wii not get a good version of multiplatform game , it do not get the great game that take advantage of modern technology . Fallout 3 , Grand theft auto iv , Mass effect , Far Cry 2 , Dead Space , leave 4 Dead , Assassins Creed , Portal , Half-Life 2 . you can not play these great game on the Wii . want to know why ? because they will not work on the Wii 's 2001-esque technology . you can not get downloadable content for Rock Band on the Wii . why ? because it lack a hard drive . two year ago , the price point for the Wii be a major selling point , but now that that pc hardware , the xbox 360 , and the PS3 have drop in price , this be no longer much of a advantage . you can actually get a barebones xbox 360 for $ 50 less than a Wii now . the only people for whom I would recommend this console be : a : people with child between the age of 3 and 10 b : people who have lot of social gathering at they house . the Wii be a good console for child because of the simplicity of the game , and the motion control do add a certain element of fun when you be play with other people . I must say that the time where my in-law have come over have see the Wii get a lot of use . other than that , not much . my wife play the Lego game with I , but you can get that game on other platform with better graphic . I buy a Wii about 8 month ago , and I be think about sell it now . I get some enjoyment out of it , but now I hardly ever turn it on . the pc provide a much better gaming experience for I , and now I be consider get a PS3 or a xbox 360 instead .
Video_Games	NEU	3	it be a decent game but it be not on the same level as past Nancy Drew game . any Nancy Drew player be use to have to work hard to get clue . often time there be puzzle upon puzzle . that be not the case this time or at least it seem that way to I . I will say that I do recently replay the last train to Blue Moon Canyon and so I can not help compare trail of the Twister to that game . sadly trail of the Twister be no where near as complex . for people who have never play Nancy Drew game this one would be a good one to start out with but if you have be play these game for year then expect to be a little disappointed .
Video_Games	POS	5	along with my new gtx 580 , battlefield 3 arrive with beauty and non-the-less hour upon hour of pulse pump game play . overall , the game be beautiful , the game play be fulfil , and my new video card run the game as smooth as butter . Thanx Amazon !!
Video_Games	POS	5	I grow up play mortal kombat . I be a fan of the series up to it be 3d debut , when it really begin spiral down-hill . soul calibur be the first 3d fighter that I feel be worth the buy . it have a deep storyline , as deep as fight game get . it include ton of secret that can be access by play through the game on various mode . the graphic be the best you can find on any system . buy the game if you even remotely like fight game . if you do not ... what be wrong with you ?
Video_Games	POS	5	I have a ball ! co-op mode be a nice surprise as well . just by it , you 'll love it . and you get free cake at the end ...
Video_Games	POS	5	`` the Longest Journey '' bring we back to the Golden Age of adventure gaming , which have title such as the legendary `` Grim Fandango '' and `` full throttle '' -lrb- both by LucasArts Entertainment -rrb- . `` Syberia '' take we back also : not only to the Golden Age , but a forget age . start in Valadilene , France , Syberia trace the story of a woman look for the acquisition of a apparently wash out automato\/toy company but find much more than she could have ever bargain for ... Play this game . its more fun than the bland title seem to show .
Video_Games	POS	5	gear of War 3 be the best of the series even though it do not do anything that be revolutionary . the main area of the game such as graphic , level design , story , and weapon have all be slightly improve over its predecessor . the thing I like the most be the weapon ; they feel a lot more balanced and there be a few addition that provide the gamer with more variety . enemy aus and variety have also be improve . the biggest con I find be the manner in which game play and cut scene transition . it feel really force , I think Epic could have do a better job improve in this area , but overall great game .
Video_Games	POS	5	I know every one be try to move away from wire controller , but I have to tell you , own this one be just too cool . I use it almost constantly , and , in the spirit of `` Tron '' I use it the entire time I be play the game . the controller be of the quality one would expect from XBox , and the light make a great conversation piece when you friend come over for game day . as for the game `` Tron : Legacy '' , well ... I would give it a 8 out of 10 . although I will be leave a review of the game when I purchase it , -lrb- I use Gamefly for my rental -rrb- I will leave some quick feedback here as well . the graphic be awesome , the control be simple enough to master , and the puzzle be engage , and yes , sometimes even a little frustrating . the most glaring fault with the game be all the jump . thankfully , fall to you death do not set you back to badly . although some of the jump be a aggravation when try to master they . and those be only the one that require flawless execution . as a long time fan of `` Tron '' and the original arcade game -lrb- which I would own if I could find one -rrb- I find that the new movie and corresponding game stay true to the spirit of the original movie . one of the few game I have find that do not suck after see the movie , and the controller just add to the legacy . a must have for collector !
Video_Games	NEU	3	very good graphic , easy to learn to use . buy for the grand kid 2 and 4 , a bit too advance for they .
Video_Games	POS	5	if you like to dance , you will like this game . it be fun for those who do not dance well and those who do .
Video_Games	POS	5	after play some of the more recent Nancy Drew game I feel like HER Interactive be lose its touch on the game -lrb- with the pointless chore and task -rrb- . all I can say for this game be `` WOW ! '' . it be a fanstastic game and be now apart of my top 3 nd game . as always the graphic be beautiful and the interaction with the character be quite nice . the plot of the story be absolutely brillant and so interesting . HER Interactive as always make creative and unusual puzzle . all the puzzle be head scratcher but I be never stump to a point I have to look at a walkthrough . one of my favorite puzzle in the game be Yumi 's Bento puzzle it be tough at first but once I get the hang of it I could not stop ! I be not go to lie to you Shadow at the water 's Edge be scary . I do not mean like in other nd game where the suspense be scary but nothing scary really happen . in this game there be some legit scary moment with the ghost of the Ryokan but very few moment like that . the rest of the scariness be in the suspense of the game and a number of thing contribute to the creepiness such as the history of the Ryokan and the music . the music be wonderful and orginal as always but some of the music be seriously creepy but I guess it go with the whole theme of the game . I love the game ! I recommend it to all Nancy Drew fan . one of my favorite !!!
Video_Games	POS	5	I be skeptical at first , shell out $ 20 just to go from 480i to 480p , but it totally make a difference , even on a full 1080p tv . we run comparison back to back to back with both cable , and the difference be definitely noticeable . color be truer , far less pixelation , just overall much better .
Video_Games	NEU	3	this be a great product - except for the fact that it can and will crash you game . it have great code and they be all great and really help you win the game . half the game would be really hard to beat without it . but , it crash my Animal Crossing Wild World game once and New Super Mario Bros too many time to count as well as Mario Kart . it work well , but do not get too dependent on it , as it may and probably will crash when you need it the most -lrb- about to defeat the game , main boss , etc etc. . . -rrb- so be warn it be good , and actually work really well until u get too dependent on it when it fail u.
Video_Games	POS	5	I have never play any of the previous uncharted game in this series before . so uncharted 3 be my first encounter in the series . I rent the game free due to a major rental chain 's promotion , and finish it within that time frame . I really like it and I go out a buy a copy so I can play it again later . this be a great game , right from the begin it have I hook with the character and the story . one major complain about this game from other who -lrb- mostly critic -rrb- have play those previous entry in the series , be that they be mostly alike in term of gameplay . but due to the fact that I have never play any other uncharted game before , it be a fresh experience to I , and interesting enough I think it work out well and be a major factor to how much I enjoy it . the graphic - be beautiful in this game , I especially like any sequence that show the arabic sandy environment and that be include the game menu of course lol , character model and texture be impressive . the Audio - and I want to say particularly the soundtrack give you a sense of grandeur , at the same time not over the top , and there be no dull moment , all in all the soundtrack make the whole experience very enjoyable , I have to give it to Naughty Dog , the sound design in this game alone bump the game production value up several level , it be like watch a movie , whether that be a good thing or not . the Gameplay - be just about right . before get the game I be worry about there be not much to do in this game gameplay wise , i.e. I be worry too much qte , not enough thing to do with the character , because all the game press review inevitably complain about this one way or the other . but have play it myself , it really be not a issue , in fact , the very first time Drake get in the fight I be so pump up by all the action that be go , just the way nd implement the whole mechanism be perfect , I be hooked immediately . I do not know if there be a demo for this game on PSN , but I think in order to judge whether the gameplay style be for you , you just need to try it out yourself . the Story - be very good , there be good character personality , development , and surprisingly good act from the voice actor , witty comment and stuff really make these character come to life . I really like this aspect of the game , a definite highlight . as I state above , after the free rental , I buy the game lol , and I buy uncharted 2 , and finish that as well . I do not regret for the fact that I do not finish they in release order , I can definitely say if you play uncharted 2 before , uncharted 3 will play similar , uncharted 3 be just a more refine experience w \/ slight change to gameplay , and I can definitely see where the complain be from , because personally even though I like uncharted 2 , I do not enjoy it as much as I do for uncharted 3 , and maybe I be in minority here , but I be so glad I do not play they in order , because I ruin uncharted 2 experience instead of uncharted 3 , I just like the location that Drake venture in 3 instead of 2 , -lrb- spoiler -rrb- I just like all the sandy color palette instead of the jungle theme in 2 . -lrb- \/ spoiler -rrb- and I must say you do not have to play they in order , the story in 3 itself stand alone very well , and all the character -lrb- the major one -rrb- have sufficient introduction on they own , so you do not feel the two previous title be pre-requisite in any sort of way , ok , maybe I hear you will miss some joke every now and then , but for I , still great . however the write in 2 be still worth it to play it at least once . all in all , I highly recommend this game , it be certainly a very well design game in every aspect , the production value on this game be impressively high . game play itself be pretty linear , it be no dark doul , but it be not a title you want to miss and you should experience at least once . a top 3 game for I from 2011 , Naughty Dog I salute you .
Video_Games	POS	4	Wii be great fun for senior . it be challenging and entertaining . it be user friendly , even for the technology challenge ! enjoy it alone or even more with family and friend .
Video_Games	POS	5	first all of you who be diss on the ps2 , get a life and get use to the fact that the ps2 rule over all the other console out there . I mean yes XBOX have better graphic but that do not make it the better system . I can not believe one person actually say that the first Playstation be better , you need you brain check dude and stop be so ignorant . the ps2 kill the ps1 10x over and if you do not agree , then stop play video game cause you be a disgrace to gamer everywhere . everyone just need to realize that no matter what anyone say the ps2 be still the best out there . it have the best quality game -lrb- ignore the person who say it do not cuz he\/she be wrong -rrb- the best size control , the best selection of game , the best option for the system -lrb- as in dvd , online , etc. -rrb- and it be just the best in everything . just ignore those moron that diss on this system and go out and buy it !
Video_Games	POS	5	i love shopping online with amazon i always get my package in a timely fashion ... i love the fact that im able to track my package , and i also can have tracking update send to my phone via sm message ... . kingdom heart be a great game for adult and child of all age its a family game in my opinion ...
